=== page 1 ===
 
 
IN THE UNITED STATES BANKRUPTCY COURT 
FOR THE SOUTHERN DISTRICT OF TEXAS 
HOUSTON DIVISION 
------------------------------------------------------------ 
 
In re: 
 
RUNITONETIME LLC, et al., 
 
 
 
   Debtors.1 
 
------------------------------------------------------------ 
x 
: 
: 
: 
: 
: 
: 
: 
x 
 
 
Chapter 11 
 
Case No. 25-90191 (ARP) 
 
(Joint Administration Requested)  
 
 
DECLARATION OF JEFF SEERY IN SUPPORT OF  
CHAPTER 11 PETITIONS AND FIRST DAY RELIEF 
I, Jeff Seery, hereby declare that the following is true to the best of my knowledge, 
information, and belief: 
1. 
I am the Chief Restructuring Officer of the Maverick Debtors (as defined below) 
and the Liquidity Employee of the Licensed Operator Affiliate Debtors (as defined below), the 
debtors and debtors in possession in the above-captioned chapter 11 cases (collectively, the 
“Debtors” or the “Company”), and the Chief Financial Officer of RunItOneTime LLC. I am 
authorized to submit this declaration (this “Declaration”) on behalf of the Debtors. 
2. 
I have served as Chief Financial Officer of certain of the Maverick Debtors since 
August 2020 and was appointed as Chief Restructuring Officer of the Maverick Debtors and 
Liquidity Employee of the Licensed Operator Affiliate Debtors in July 2025. I have more than 10 
years of gaming and hospitality industry experience and experience across all aspects of corporate 
finance. Prior to joining the Company in June 2019, I spent five years with Las Vegas Sands as a 
Senior Vice President of Corporate Finance Management, and over ten years with CBRE as a 
 
1  
A complete list of the Debtors in the Chapter 11 Cases may be obtained on the website of the Debtors’ proposed 
claims and noticing agent at https://cases.ra.kroll.com/runitonetime. The Debtors’ mailing address is 12530 NE 
144th Street, Kirkland, Washington 98304. 
Case 25-90191   Document 18   Filed in TXSB on 07/14/25   Page 1 of 110

=== page 2 ===
 
2 
Senior Vice President of Business Development. I have a Masters in Business Administration from 
UCLA’s Anderson School of Management and a bachelor’s degree in economics and political 
science from Tufts University. 
3. 
On the date hereof (the “Petition Date”) the Debtors commenced voluntary cases 
(the “Chapter 11 Cases”) under chapter 11 of title 11 of the United States Code (the “Bankruptcy 
Code”).  I submit this Declaration on behalf of the Debtors in support of their (a) voluntary 
petitions for relief and (b) all “first-day” pleadings filed by the Debtors (collectively, the “First 
Day Pleadings”). 
4. 
As set forth above, I am knowledgeable about and familiar with the Debtors’ day-
to-day operations, business and financial affairs, books and records, and the circumstances that led 
to the commencement of the Chapter 11 Cases. Except as otherwise indicated herein, the facts set 
forth in this Declaration are based upon my personal knowledge, my review of relevant documents, 
information provided to me by the Company’s other officers, directors, and restructuring advisors, 
including professionals at Latham & Watkins LLP (“Latham”), Hunton Andrews Kurth LLP 
(“Hunton”), GLC Advisors & Co., LLC (“GLC”), Portage Point Partners (“Portage Point”), and 
Kroll Restructuring Administration LLC (“Kroll” and, together with Latham, Hunton, GLC, and 
Portage Point, the “Advisors”), and my opinion based upon experience, knowledge, and 
information concerning the Company’s operations and financial condition. If called upon to testify, 
I would testify to the facts as set forth in this Declaration. 
5. 
I have reviewed the Debtors’ petitions and the First Day Pleadings, or have 
otherwise had their contents explained to me, and it is my belief that the relief sought therein is 
essential to ensure the continued operation of the Debtors’ business and to successfully maximize 
the value of the Debtors’ estates. 
Case 25-90191   Document 18   Filed in TXSB on 07/14/25   Page 2 of 110

=== page 3 ===
 
3 
6. 
This Declaration is organized into five parts.  Part I of this First Day Declaration 
provides a general overview of the Debtors’ business and the chapter 11 filing. Part II provides an 
overview of the Debtors’ organizational structure and operations.  Part III provides an overview 
of the Debtors’ prepetition capital structure.  Part IV provides an overview of the circumstances 
leading to the commencement of the Chapter 11 Cases and the Debtors’ proposed path forward in 
chapter 11.  Part V lists the First Day Pleadings and provides support for the relief requested 
therein. 
I. 
Introduction and Overview 
7. 
Founded in 2017 by former Las Vegas Sands executives Eric Persson and Justin 
Beltram, the Debtors are a privately held gaming and entertainment company focused on acquiring 
undervalued gaming assets and implementing operational changes to improve profitability.  The 
Debtors own and operate 17 card rooms in Washington State and own several casino hotels in 
Nevada and Colorado.  In Nevada and Colorado, the Debtors’ casinos offer a variety of games, 
including roulette, craps, sports betting, and dealer-assisted electronic table games.  The Debtors 
also have an industry-leading business they acquired in 2020, called EGads!, that specializes in 
the design, fabrication, assembly and installation of casino interiors, custom signage, lighting, and 
architectural treatments. 
8. 
Despite successes in turning around many of the gaming assets it has acquired, the 
Company has faced a variety of factors that have severely limited its growth in the last few years, 
precipitating the current financial distress and inability to address its capital structure that have led 
to the commencement of these Chapter 11 Cases. These factors include significant competition 
from tribal casinos in their key Washington market, operational misalignments, and industry 
headwinds more generally.  In addition, the Debtors have faced significant liquidity pressure 
arising from their significant debt service obligations under their Prepetition Credit Facility (as 
Case 25-90191   Document 18   Filed in TXSB on 07/14/25   Page 3 of 110

=== page 4 ===
 
4 
defined herein), which is secured by substantially all of the assets of the Debtors. These collective 
issues have in turn put increasing pressure on the Company’s revenues and its ability to meet 
certain of its obligations and financial covenants under its recently refinanced Prepetition Credit 
Facility.    
9. 
Recognizing these financial challenges, the Debtors’ management evaluated and 
pursued a number of paths over recent months to attempt to raise additional financing, including 
considering and pursuing third party sources of capital.  I understand that in April 2025, the 
Debtors, with the support of GLC, also began focused discussions with an organized ad hoc group 
of lenders under the Prepetition Credit Facility (the “Ad Hoc Group”) to determine whether a deal 
could be reached with their existing lenders.  Ultimately, the Company determined that the only 
viable path forward to pursue the financing necessary to continue operations would require a deal 
with their existing lenders.  
10. 
I understand that after numerous rounds of negotiations, the Company, Mr. Persson 
(in his capacity as the majority equity holder of the Debtors and including his heirs, successors and 
assigns, the “Supporting Shareholder”) and prepetition lenders that collectively beneficially own 
or control approximately (a) 78% of the aggregate principal amount of outstanding First Out Term 
Loans (as defined herein) and (b) 70% of the aggregate principal amount of Second Out Term 
Loans (as defined herein) under the Prepetition Credit Facility (collectively, the “Supporting 
Lenders”) reached agreement on the terms of that certain Transaction Support Agreement, dated 
as of June 25, 2025 (the “Transaction Support Agreement”), a copy of which is attached hereto 
as Exhibit A.  The restructuring transactions contemplated by the Transaction Support Agreement 
call for the sale or other disposition of substantially all of the Company’s core assets in three 
Case 25-90191   Document 18   Filed in TXSB on 07/14/25   Page 4 of 110

=== page 5 ===
 
5 
separate business segments through either a section 363 sale process or a plan of reorganization 
(the “Restructuring”), as further described below. 
11. 
The Transaction Support Agreement separates the Debtors’ business operations 
into three categories: (1) “PokerCo,” which is composed of the following Washington card rooms: 
Aces Poker Lakewood, Aces Poker Mountlake Terrace, Caribbean Casino and Caribbean 
Cardroom (including any working capital available that is required to operate the businesses), 
(2) “LeaseCo,” which is composed of the properties subject to the Blue Owl Master Lease (as 
described in more detail below), and (3) “MainCo,” which is composed of the remainder of the 
Debtors’ existing businesses, interests, and tangible and intangible assets. With respect to these 
three categories of operations, the Transaction Support Agreement generally provides2: 
(1) 
PokerCo.  The Debtors and the Supporting Shareholder (or its designee, in such 
capacity, “EP BidCo”), shall enter into a binding stalking-horse purchase 
agreement, pursuant to which the Supporting Shareholder shall agree to be a staking 
horse bidder for the PokerCo assets (the “PokerCo Stalking Horse Purchase 
Agreement”) pursuant to section 363 of the Bankruptcy Code for a cash purchase 
price of $13 million, subject to a court-approved marketing and sale process and 
court approval.  
The PokerCo Stalking Horse Purchase Agreement shall provide that such sale is 
subject to (i) an earnout agreement that shall be effective in the event of certain 
subsequent sales of the PokerCo assets, (ii) the assumption of certain liabilities and 
(iii) customary expense reimbursement and overbid protections.  
(2) 
LeaseCo.  The Debtors, in consultation with the Requisite Supporting Lenders, will 
negotiate in good faith for an amendment or modification to the Blue Owl Master 
Lease. 
(3) 
MainCo.  The Debtors will (i) conduct a sale and marketing process for MainCo 
pursuant to section 363 of the Bankruptcy Code, subject to a credit bid by the 
Prepetition Lenders or (ii) pursue confirmation of a chapter 11 plan that results in 
the conversion of a portion or all of the existing term loans under the Prepetition 
Credit Facility into equity of MainCo on a reorganized basis, or (iii) pursue such 
 
2  
The summary of the Transaction Support Agreement terms set forth below are qualified in all respects by the 
Transaction Support Agreement.  In the event of any inconsistency with this summary and the Transaction 
Support Agreement, the terms of the Transaction Support Agreement control.  Capitalized terms used but not 
defined in this summary have the meanings ascribed to them in the Transaction Support Agreement.  
Case 25-90191   Document 18   Filed in TXSB on 07/14/25   Page 5 of 110

=== page 6 ===
 
6 
other alternative restructuring transactions as may be appropriate under the 
cirucmstances. 
Licensing Agreement. Entry into a licensing agreement between the Requisite 
Supporting Lenders, the Debtors, and EP BidCo, where EP BidCo will (i) enter into 
a non-exclusive license of certain of the Debtors’ intellectual property (the 
“Maverick/Aces IP”) in exchange for $100,000 payment and revenue-sharing 
arrangement entitling the Debtors (or MainCo, if it acquires the respective assets) 
to 25% of the adjusted EBITDA generated by EP BidCo from current and future 
poker partnerships using the Debtors’ IP for three years from the closing date of the 
sale transaction and (ii) the transfer of Maverick/Aces IP to EPBidCo (or a designee 
thereof) on the closing date. 
12. 
Despite the progress reflected in the Transaction Support Agreement, the Debtors’ 
limited liquidity, ongoing business deterioration, and financial circumstances have made it difficult 
for the Debtors to negotiate and finalize a reorganized balance sheet and emergence capital 
structure for each of the proposed reorganized business silos before the commencement of these 
chapter 11 cases.  The Debtors are therefore expecting to continue working with its prepetition 
lenders and economic stakeholders on the implementation of a restructuring under the purview of 
this Court.  A critical component, therefore, of these chapter 11 cases is the Debtors’ proposed 
postpetition debtor-in-possession financing (the “DIP Financing”).  Certain members of the Ad 
Hoc Group (the “Backstop Parties”) have agreed to provide the DIP Financing to the Debtors (the 
“DIP Facility” and the lenders thereunder, the “DIP Lenders”) in the amount of $7.5 million of 
new money and $15 million as a roll-up of the First Out Term Loans (as defined below) on a 2:1 
basis, to be made available pursuant to the Interim Order, to fund the Debtors’ operations for a 
four-week period while the Debtors and the Prepetition Lenders determine the funding 
requirements to facilitate a value-maximizing transaction. 
13. 
I understand that the Transaction Support Agreement and the Restructuring are the 
product of extensive, arm’s-length negotiations among the Company and its key stakeholders. I 
understand further that the Debtors, with the support of their Advisors, have evaluated all potential 
Case 25-90191   Document 18   Filed in TXSB on 07/14/25   Page 6 of 110

=== page 7 ===
 
7 
strategic alternatives to address their capital structure and mounting liquidity issues. I am not aware 
of any other alternative transactions that would be possible without the existing lenders’ 
involvement and support. With these goals in mind, the Debtors have determined that the 
commencing the Chapter 11 Cases in order to effectuate the Restructuring memorialized in the 
Transaction Support Agreement is the best available path for the Company to strengthen its 
operations by addressing its funded debt, while providing their businesses with the best chance of 
success on a go-forward basis. 
II. 
Company and Operations 
A. 
Corporate Organization 
14. 
RunItOneTime HoldCo, Inc. (“RunItOneTime Parent”), is the ultimate parent of, 
and owns, directly or indirectly, all of the Debtor entities other than the Licensed Operator Affiliate 
Debtors (the “Maverick Debtors”).  The Licensed Operator Affiliate Debtors are affiliates of the 
Maverick Debtors that hold most of the gaming licenses used in the Debtors’ businesses. The 
Licensed Operator Affiliates Debtors are majority owned by the Supporting Shareholder and are 
affiliated with the Maverick Debtors by virtue of majority common ownership by the Supporting 
Shareholder.3 A capitalization table reflecting the ownership of the Licensed Operator Affiliate 
Debtors is provided in Section III.B below and an organizational chart of the Debtors is attached 
hereto as Exhibit B. 
B. 
Headquarters and Employees 
15. 
The Debtors maintain their corporate headquarters in Kirkland, Washington, and 
are led by a management team with extensive experience in the gaming and hospitality industry. 
 
3  
The “Licensed Operator Affiliates” include Debtors Wendover Resorts Operator, LLC, Elko Resorts Operator, 
LLC, Colorado Resorts Operator, LLC, Red Garter Operator, LLC, Wendover Nugget Operator, LLC, Gold 
Country Operator, LLC, Red Lion Operator, LLC, High Desert Operator LLC, Johnny Z Casino Operator LLC, 
Z Casino Black Hawk Operator LLC, and Grand Z Casino Operator LLC. 
Case 25-90191   Document 18   Filed in TXSB on 07/14/25   Page 7 of 110

=== page 8 ===
 
8 
The Debtors also maintain separate company headquarters in Las Vegas, Nevada for the EGads! 
business. As of the Petition Date, the Debtors have approximately 2,900 employees based in 
Nevada, Washington, Colorado, and Utah. 
C. 
Business Operations 
16. 
The Debtors own and operate a portfolio of casinos, card rooms, hotels, and other 
gaming- and hospitality-related assets across Washington, Nevada, and Colorado. The existing 
portfolio includes 26 operating properties, with 17 card rooms in Washington State, four hotel-
casino properties and a gas station/convenience store in Nevada, and one hotel-casino property, 
two casinos, and a gas station/convenience store in Colorado.  Collectively, the Debtors’ properties 
include a total of approximately 2,500 slot machines, 320 table games, 1,200 hotel rooms, and 30 
restaurants.  The Debtors’ portfolio also includes (a) the EGads! fabrication and installation 
business, (b) the Utah Trailways charter company that facilitates customer gaming excursions from 
Salt Lake City, Utah, to the Debtors’ operating properties in Wendover, Nevada, and (c) nine non-
operating properties.4 
1. 
Property Portfolio 
17. 
Washington. The Debtors’ Washington property portfolio includes 17 operating 
and five non-operating properties, reflecting approximately 260 table games over 297,000 square 
feet of casino space. The Debtors’ properties in Washington include the following5: 
Property Name 
Location 
Casino Sq. 
Ft. 
Table 
Games 
Property Type 
Great American 
Tukwila 
Tukwila, WA 
14,000 
15 
Card Room  
Riverside 
Tukwila, WA 
21,000 
15 
Card Room 
 
4  
The non-operating properties include one hotel property in Nevada and eight card rooms in Washington that were 
closed to consolidate gaming revenue. 
5  
Greyed-out rows in this and the following tables in this section reflect non-operating (i.e., closed or sold) 
properties.  
Case 25-90191   Document 18   Filed in TXSB on 07/14/25   Page 8 of 110

=== page 9 ===
 
9 
Property Name 
Location 
Casino Sq. 
Ft. 
Table 
Games 
Property Type 
Silver Dollar SeaTac 
SeaTac, WA 
7,506 
12 
Card Room 
Great American Casino 
Everett 
Everett, WA 
10,900 
15 
Card Room 
Silver Dollar Casino 
Mill Creek 
Bothell, WA 
18,216 
12 
Card Room 
CrazyMoose Casino 
Mountlake 
Mountlake 
Terrace, WA 
5,000 
15 
Card Room 
All Star Casino 
Silverdale, WA 
45,600 
15 
Card Room & Poker 
Goldies 
Shoreline, WA 
12,800 
15 
Card Room 
Aces Poker Mountlake 
Terrace 
Mountlake 
Terrace, WA 
7,200 
15 
Poker 
Caribbean Casino 
Kirkland, WA 
16,160 
15 
Card Room 
Caribbean Cardroom – 
Poker 
Kirkland, WA 
7,000 
15 
Poker 
Ace’s Poker Lakewood 
Lakewood, WA 
24,456 
15 
Poker 
Macau Casino 
Lakewood 
Lakewood, WA 
14,158 
14 
Card Room 
Chips Casino 
Lakewood, WA 
15,130 
15 
Card Room 
Palace Casino 
Lakewood, WA 
10,246 
0 
Arcade 
CrazyMoose Casino 
Pasco, WA 
17,500 
15 
Card Room & Poker 
Coyote Bob’s 
Roadhouse Casino 
Kennewich, 
WA 
4,820 
12 
Card Room 
Casino Caribbean 
Yakima, WA 
25,000 
15 
Card Room & Poker 
Silver Dollar Renton 
Renton, WA 
20,000 
15 
Card Room & Poker 
Roman 
Seattle, WA 
13,860 
15 
Card Room 
Macau Casino Tukwila 
Southcenter, 
WA 
7,500 
15 
Card Room 
Wizards 
Burien, WA 
14,320 
12 
Card Room 
Red Dragon Poker 
Mountlake 
Terrace, WA 
15,000 
15 
Poker 
Royal Casino Everett 
South Everett, 
WA 
13,000 
7 
Card Room 
18. 
Nevada. The Debtors’ Nevada property portfolio includes five operating and one 
non-operating property, reflecting approximately 1,400 slots and 41 table games over 118,000 
square feet of casino space, 1,000 hotel rooms, and a gas station/convenience store. The Debtors’ 
properties in Nevada include the following: 
Case 25-90191   Document 18   Filed in TXSB on 07/14/25   Page 9 of 110

=== page 10 ===
 
10 
Property 
Name 
Location 
Casino 
Sq. Ft. 
Slots 
Table 
Games 
Hotel 
Rooms 
Property 
Type 
Wendover 
Nugget Hotel & 
Casino 
West 
Wendover, NV 
73,000 
574 
23 
489 
Casino 
Red Garter 
Hotel & Casino 
West 
Wendover, NV 
21,353 
408 
10 
183 
Casino 
Maverick Hotel 
& Casino 
Elko, NV 
19,000 
289 
8 
222 
Casino 
Gold Country 
Inn & Casino 
Elko, NV 
5,076 
113 
0 
150 
Casino 
Mobil Gas 
Station 
Elko, NV 
N/A 
N/A 
N/A 
N/A 
Gas Station 
High Desert Inn Elko, NV 
N/A 
N/A 
N/A 
171 
Hotel 
19. 
EGads! The Debtors’ Nevada operations also include the EGads! business.  
Opened in 1988, EGads! designs, manufactures, installs, and services displays, themed elements, 
specialty fabrications, and architectural treatments for casinos and other gaming-related operations 
throughout the United States and abroad. The Company acquired EGads! in 2020 for 
approximately $11 million. EGads!’s headquarters is located in Las Vegas, Nevada, and 
encompasses over 200,000 square feet of in-house design space, as well as lighting design, 
electrical, sheet metal and welding, computer numerical control (CNC) routing and plasma cutting, 
sculpting, mold making, resin manufacturing, painting, and faux finishing operations.  EGads! has 
four strategically placed service and installation facilities in California, Mississippi, Oklahoma, 
and Nebraska. The company employs approximately 150 employees. The EGads! design team 
consists of nine internationally known artists, designers, and sculptors. 
20. 
EGads! has been one of the more profitable segments of the Company’s business 
in recent years due to various operational improvements implemented by the Debtors’ 
management team.  Since 2022, EGads! has, among other things, (a) gained significant market 
share with slot machine original equipment manufacturers (OEMs) due to the Company’s 
management team leveraging their long-standing relationships with OEM executives; 
Case 25-90191   Document 18   Filed in TXSB on 07/14/25   Page 10 of 110

=== page 11 ===
 
11 
(b) increased manufacturing efficiencies by shifting metal fabrication to Mexico, and (c) lowered 
its cost of goods sold (COGS) and increased liquidity by increasing bulk purchasing on key 
manufacturing goods.  Net revenue grew from $22.1 million in 2022 to $33.2 million in 2024, with 
EBITDA rising from $4.9 million to $10.6 million in the same period. 
21. 
Colorado. The Debtors’ Colorado property portfolio includes four operating 
properties, reflecting approximately 1,100 slots and 18 table games over 49,000 square feet of 
casino space, 118 hotel rooms, and a gas station/convenience store.  The Debtors’ properties in 
Colorado include the following: 
Property 
Name 
Location 
Casino 
Sq. Ft. 
Slots 
Table 
Games 
Hotel 
Rooms 
Property 
Type 
Grand Z Casino 
& Hotel 
Central City, 
CO 
28,933 
576 
8 
118 
Casino 
Dragon Tiger 
Casino 
Central City, 
CO 
8,325 
215 
10 
N/A 
Casino 
Z Casino 
Black Hawk, 
CO 
12,119 
313 
0 
N/A 
Casino 
Mobil Gas 
Station 
Golden, CO 
N/A 
N/A 
N/A 
N/A 
Gas Station 
2. 
Sale-Leasebacks 
22. 
A number of the Debtors’ properties are subject to sale-leaseback arrangements 
with (a) certain affiliates of Blue Owl Capital Inc. (collectively, including their predecessors, 
successors, and assigns, “Blue Owl”) and (b) certain affiliates of Angelo, Gordon & Co., LP 
(collectively, including their predecessors, successors, and assigns, “Angelo Gordon”), in 
connection with a series of transactions from 2021 to 2023, as described below. 
23. 
Blue Owl. Certain of the Debtors are party to that certain Second Amended and 
Restated Master Lease, dated as of July 6, 2023, with Blue Owl (as may be amended, restated, or 
supplemented from time to time, the “Blue Owl Master Lease”).  On September 1, 2022, the 
Company initially sold Coyote Bob’s Casino, Casino Caribbean (Yakima, Washington), Crazy 
Case 25-90191   Document 18   Filed in TXSB on 07/14/25   Page 11 of 110

=== page 12 ===
 
12 
Moose Casino (Pasco, Washington), Great American Casino Everett, and Macau Casino 
Lakewood (collectively, the “Original Facilities”) to Blue Owl for approximately $110.3 million, 
and contemporaneously entered into a sale-leaseback arrangement with respect to these properties 
pursuant to the Blue Owl Master Lease.  The Company subsequently entered into further sale-
leasebacks with Blue Owl pursuant to the Blue Owl Master Lease, including (a) the sale of the 
Great American Casino Tukwila (the “Tukwila Facility”), Gold Country Inn & Casino, Maverick 
Casino Hotel Elko, and Mobil Gas Station (Elko, Nevada) (collectively, the “Elko Facilities”) on 
October 6, 2022, for $47.3 million, (b) the sale of the Riverside Casino, Chips Casino, and Palace 
Casino (collectively, the “Evergreen Facilities”) on June 1, 2023, for $40.5 million, and (d) the 
sale of the All Star Casino (the “All Star Facility,” and together with the Original Facilities, the 
Tukwila Facility, the Elko Facilities, the Evergreen Facilities, and the All Star Facilities, the “Blue 
Owl Facilities”) on July 1, 2023, for $7 million. 
24. 
The initial term under the Blue Owl Master Lease the 40th anniversary of July 6, 
2023, and beginning on the date each of the Blue Owl Facilities added to the Blue Owl Master 
Lease; specifically, (i) September 2, 2022, with respect to the Original Facilities, (ii) October 6, 
2022, with respect to the Tukwila Facility and Elko Facilities, (iii) June 5, 2023, with respect to 
the Evergreen Facilities, and (iv) July 6, 2023, with respect to the All Star Facility.  The Blue Owl 
Master Lease provides that parties may agree to subsequent 20-year renewal terms prior to 
expiration of the initial term.  As of the Petition Date, total rent payments under Blue Owl Master 
Lease are approximately $17.8 million annually. 
25. 
As a result of liquidity challenges, the Debtors have not funded rent payments to 
Blue Owl since April 2025.  As of the Petition Date, the Debtors owe approximately $5.9 million 
in unpaid rent to Blue Owl under the Blue Owl Master Lease with $1.5 million coming due August 
Case 25-90191   Document 18   Filed in TXSB on 07/14/25   Page 12 of 110

=== page 13 ===
 
13 
1, 2025.  The Debtors are in discussions with Blue Owl and will look to address the treatment of 
the Blue Owl Master Lease as part of the Chapter 11 Cases. 
26. 
Angelo Gordon.  Certain of the Debtors are party to that certain Master Lease, dated 
as of September 3, 2021, with Angelo Gordon (as may be amended, restated, or supplemented 
from time to time, the “Angelo Gordon Lease”).  On September 1, 2021, the Company sold the 
land under the Wendover Nugget Hotel & Casino, Red Garter Hotel & Casino, Grand Z Casino 
Hotel, and Johnny Z’s Casino to Angelo Gordon for approximately $93 million and 
contemporaneously entered into a sale-leaseback arrangement with respect to these properties 
pursuant to the Angelo Gordon Lease. 
27. 
The initial term of the Angelo Gordon Lease is 20 years, which began on September 
3, 2021.  The Angelo Gordon Lease provides that the parties may agree to four separate renewal 
terms of seven years prior to expiration of the then-current term.  As of the Petition Date, total rent 
payments under Angelo Gordon Lease are approximately $8.5 million annually. 
28. 
The Company also incurred approximately $26 million in capital gains taxes with 
respect to tax years 2022 and 2023 related to the sale-leaseback transactions with Blue Owl and 
Angelo Gordon.  The Company has sought to address these liabilities through an offer-in-
compromise (OIC) submitted to the Internal Revenue Service in October 2024.  Although the OIC 
has yet to be accepted, the Company made eight payments in respect of the OIC prior to the Petition 
Date.  Given the Chapter 11 Cases, the Company will seek to address the outstanding tax liability 
as part of its in-court restructuring process. 
3. 
Gaming Regulations and Operating Structure 
29. 
The Debtors’ gaming enterprises and the EGads! business are subject to applicable 
gaming regulations in each of the three states in which the Debtors operate, including requiring 
that operators hold gaming licenses in the relevant jurisdictions to operate.  In general, gaming 
Case 25-90191   Document 18   Filed in TXSB on 07/14/25   Page 13 of 110

=== page 14 ===
 
14 
licenses are not freely transferable, as they are considered “revocable privileges” from the state 
licensing authority.  In certain jurisdictions, the state gaming authorities and regulatory bodies 
(collectively, with the local and federal gaming authorities and regulatory bodies to whose 
jurisdiction the Debtors are subject, the “Gaming Regulators”) require suitability reviews or other 
licensing requirements for any entity or individual who holds any amount of ownership or control 
over gaming operations. 
30. 
In Nevada and Colorado, the Debtors address the gaming regulatory regime in part 
through a structure under which the Licensed Operator Affiliate Debtors hold the required gaming 
and liquor licenses and (a) lease or sublease certain regulated properties and (b) contract with the 
PropCos (defined below) to operate such regulated properties (the “OpCos”).  The underlying 
regulated properties are owned or leased by certain of the Maverick Debtor entities in the corporate 
structure (the “PropCos”). A chart summarizing the OpCo/PropCo structure is provided below. 
OpCo Entity 
PropCo Entity 
Facility 
Red Garter Operator, LLC 
Maverick Wendover LLC 
Red Garter Hotel & Casino 
Wendover Nugget Operator, 
LLC 
Maverick Wendover LLC 
Wendover Nugget Hotel & 
Casino 
Gold Country Operator, LLC 
Maverick Elko LLC 
Gold Country Inn & Casino 
Red Lion Operator, LLC 
Maverick Elko LLC 
Maverick Casino Hotel Elko 
High Desert Inn 
Mobil Gas Station 
High Desert Operator LLC 
Maverick Elko LLC 
High Desert Inn 
Johnny Z Casino Operator 
LLC 
Maverick Z Casinos LLC 
Johnny Z’s Casino 
Grand Z Casino Operator 
Maverick Z Casinos LLC 
Grand Z Casino 
Z Casino Black Hawk 
Operator 
Maverick Z Casinos LLc 
Z Casino 
Z Stop Gas Station 
31. 
In general, the OpCos hold the gaming and liquor licenses required by the state and 
local municipalities and own the gaming assets and liquor inventories. For example, the Nevada 
properties subject to the Blue Owl Lease are leased by Debtor Maverick Elko LLC, but these 
properties are operated pursuant to lease agreements between Maverick Elko LLC and Debtors 
Case 25-90191   Document 18   Filed in TXSB on 07/14/25   Page 14 of 110

=== page 15 ===
 
15 
Gold Country Operator, LLC and Red Lion Operator, LLC. This OpCo/PropCo structure 
streamlines the applicable gaming and liquor license process since the individuals and entities 
required to be licensed are limited to the OpCo entities. 
III. 
Prepetition Capital Structure 
32. 
 Below are the Debtors’ material outstanding liabilities as of the Petition Date and 
current equity holdings. 
A. 
Prepetition Credit Facility 
33. 
The Debtors are party to that certain Credit Agreement, dated as of September 3, 
2021 (as amended by that certain Amendment No. 1, dated as of December 23, 2021, as further 
amended by that certain Amendment No. 2, dated as of February 27, 2023, as further amended by 
that certain Amendment No. 3, dated as of June 21, 2023, as further amended by that certain 
Amendment, Resignation, Waiver, and Appointment Agreement, dated as of February 20, 2024, 
and as further amended by that certain Amendment No. 4, dated as of April 3, 2024 (the “Fourth 
Amendment”), and further amended, restated, supplemented or otherwise modified from time to 
time, the “Prepetition Credit Agreement”), with the lenders party thereto (the “Prepetition 
Lenders”) and Alter Domus (US) LLC (the “Prepetition Agent”).  
34. 
The Prepetition Credit Agreement originally consisted of a syndicated credit 
facility (the “Prepetition Credit Facility”) consisting of a $310 million term loan B and a $55 
million revolving credit facility.  The facility was amended a number of times, and the Fourth 
Amendment effected a more broad-ranging restructuring. 
35. 
In sum, the Fourth Amendment (a) converted the existing $55 million revolver into 
$55 million of fully funded term loans with first priority under the Prepetition Credit Agreement 
(the “First Out Term Loans”), provided $10 million of new money additional First Out Term 
Loans and issued $12 million of additional First Out Term Loans as consideration for the lenders 
Case 25-90191   Document 18   Filed in TXSB on 07/14/25   Page 15 of 110

=== page 16 ===
 
16 
to agree to and provide the First Out Term Loans; (b) exchanged the majority of the then-$258 
million outstanding under the existing term B loan into term loans with second priority under the 
Prepetition Credit Agreement (the “Second Out Term Loans”) at a 15% discount to par and a 
small minority of the existing term B loan into term loans with third priority under the Prepetition 
Credit Agreement (the “Third Out Term Loans”, together with the First Out Term Loans and 
Second Out Term Loans, the “Priority Term Loans”) at a 10% discount to par, (c) provided the 
Company the ability to make paid-in-kind (PIK) interest on the Second Out Term Loans and Third 
Out Term Loans through and including December 31, 2024, (d) loosened the Company’s financial 
maintenance covenants; and (e) extended the maturity of the First Out Term Loans, Second Out 
Term Loans, and Third Out Term Loans to June 2028.  Holders of approximately $14 million of 
existing term B loans did not consent to the terms of the Fourth Amendment and retained their 
existing loans, which are behind the Priority Term Loans in priority (the “Term B Loans”). 
36. 
As of the Petition Date, the outstanding principal amount under the Prepetition 
Credit Facility is $305,854,469 in the aggregate, divided as follows across the following tranches: 
(a) 
$77,000,000 outstanding principal amount of First Out Term Loans; 
(b) 
$214,726,510 outstanding principal amount of Second Out Term Loans; 
(c) 
$202,257 outstanding principal amount of Third Out Term Loans; and 
(d) 
$13,925,702 outstanding principal amount of Term B Loans. 
37. 
The Prepetition Credit Facility is secured by a first priority security interest in 
substantially all of the Debtors’ assets.  The owners of the equity interests in the Leased Operator 
Affiliate Debtors have also granted pledges of such equity interests in the Leased Operator Affiliate 
Debtors as collateral under the Prepetition Credit Agreement.  Priority with respect to any 
payments or proceeds received by the Agent in respect of any part of the collateral is each of the 
Case 25-90191   Document 18   Filed in TXSB on 07/14/25   Page 16 of 110

=== page 17 ===
 
17 
Priority Term Loans in order (i.e., First Out Term Loans, followed by Second Out Term Loans, 
followed by Third Out Term Loans) followed by the Term B Loans. 
B. 
Trade Obligations 
38. 
In the ordinary course of business, the Debtors utilize certain vendors and service 
providers who supply goods and services (the “Trade Creditors”). The Trade Creditors are a vital 
part of the Company’s ongoing business. Any interruption in the flow of goods and services from 
such creditors would risk an immediate and adverse impact on the Debtors’ ability to continue 
operating. As discussed in greater detail in the critical vendor motion, certain trade claims are 
entitled to statutory priority, such as under section 503(b)(9) of the Bankruptcy Code. As of the 
Petition Date, the Debtors estimate that the aggregate amount of trade claims outstanding is 
approximately $14.7 million. 
C. 
Equity 
39. 
The Debtors are privately held. As of the Petition Date, co-founder and Chief 
Executive Officer Eric Persson holds 57.9% of RunItOneTime Parent’s outstanding common 
stock, with co-founder and Chief Operating Officer Justin Beltram holding approximately 12.8%. 
Eric Persson directly or indirectly owns 100% of the equity in the Licensed Operator Affiliated 
Debtors. 
IV. 
Events Leading to the Commencement of the Chapter 11 Cases 
A. 
Internal and External Business Challenges 
40. 
The Debtors operate their businesses by acquiring underperforming gaming assets 
and implementing operational changes to recognize improvements in revenue and profits. As a 
general matter, performance improvements take time to materialize. Set against the backdrop of 
the significant financing and capital outlays needed to consummate the initial acquisitions, the 
Company realized net losses for the first few years of its existence. 
Case 25-90191   Document 18   Filed in TXSB on 07/14/25   Page 17 of 110

=== page 18 ===
 
18 
41. 
The Company has overall been successful in driving revenue via its turnaround 
efforts with acquired gaming assets.  In Nevada, the Wendover properties used to consistently 
produce approximately $4 million in annual EBITDA prior to the Debtors’ acquisition of the 
properties. Under the Debtors’ ownership, these properties produce in excess of $17 million in 
annual EBITDA. The Company also doubled EBITDA at the Elko properties after the first year of 
ownership. The Company saw similar initial increases in Colorado.  Despite these improvements, 
the Company’s operations faced substantial challenges in 2020 through 2022 due to a variety of 
factors. Among other things, the COVID-19 epidemic forced facility closures and subsequent, 
restrictive re-opening regulations hampered the Company’s growth opportunities while it was in 
its nascent stages.  In Washington, for example, card rooms were closed for multiple months 
following the imposition of the shelter-in-place mandates.  When allowed to reopen, the Company 
was required to operate outdoors in parking lot tents and—once allowed back indoors, 25% of 
casino walls were required to remain open air for circulation, all of which took a substantial toll 
on customer traffic. 
42. 
Certain operational setbacks beginning in 2022 have also hampered projected 
growth.  In Colorado, 2022 performance suffered due to the problems with the initial roll out of 
new initiatives under the Company’s customer loyalty rewards program, losses from the 
Company’s sports betting operations, and severe slot system upgrade setbacks. Specifically, a 
botched slot system upgrade derailed the Company’s slot machines in Colorado for weeks. The 
situation was compounded by the Company inadvertently rolling out too many “free play” offers 
under its rewards program, which severely impacted profitability and devastated results for at least 
four to five months. The Company’s newly created sports betting operation also saw detrimental 
volatility in payouts, which led to almost a million dollars in losses until the program was 
Case 25-90191   Document 18   Filed in TXSB on 07/14/25   Page 18 of 110

=== page 19 ===
 
19 
terminated.  Additionally, the reopening and expansion of competitor Monarch Casino Resort Spa 
in Black Hawk, Colorado in March 2022 diverted much of the higher-end business that accounts 
for the majority of the Company’s slot and table game revenue. Although the Company has enacted 
substantial operational improvements that have positively driven net revenue in subsequent years, 
figures still remain materially below pre-2022 levels due to these operational challenges. 
B. 
Competition and Regulation in Washington 
43. 
The Company’s financial performance has been significantly affected by 
competition from nearby tribal casinos in Washington, which have benefited competitively from 
certain regulatory advantages.  Much of the regulatory impact on the Debtors’ operations in 
Washington is due to state gaming restrictions on card rooms, e.g., prohibiting slot machines, 
roulette, craps, and other casino-style gaming, sports betting and the provision of consumer credit, 
which restrictions are not applicable to tribal casinos.  These regulatory restrictions have made 
tribal casinos a more attractive option for many of the Company’s customers. In addition, many of 
the Company’s key tribal casino competitors have expanded operations into key parts of the 
Washington region where the Debtors operate since 2020. 
44. 
Significant minimum wage increases in the Tukwila market have also caused a 
substantial increase in labor costs on the Company’s Tukwila properties.  Between 2022 and 2025, 
the Tukwila minimum wage increased 46%, while the remainder of Washington State increased 
by only 15%.  Together with the significant competition described above, these factors continue 
to impact the Company’s key revenue generating assets in Washington. 
C. 
Resulting Decline in Revenue 
45. 
These operational and competitive challenges have had a significant impact on 
revenues.  To illustrate, in 2021, the Company recognized EBITDA of $52.1 million.  In just the 
following year, EBITDA fell to $18.5 million, and in 2023, to $16.5 million. 
Case 25-90191   Document 18   Filed in TXSB on 07/14/25   Page 19 of 110

=== page 20 ===
 
20 
D. 
Capital Structure and Capital Lease Overhang 
46. 
Operational and competitive challenges and resulting decline in revenue have, in 
turn, created additional challenges with respect to the Company’s funded debt load.  As noted 
above, the Company’s debt balance totals approximately $306 million, exclusive of capital lease 
obligations.  In 2025, debt service obligations will total approximately $8.6 million per quarter, 
plus approximately $400,000 per quarter for the Term B Loans, and capital lease obligations will 
total approximately $9.1 million if the capital structure and capital leases remain unchanged.  The 
substantial size of the debt-service and capital-lease expenses put significant pressure on the 
business. 
47. 
The Company’s balance sheet profile has also been the subject of focus from ratings 
agencies, with the Company experiencing downgrades including a downgrade to ‘D’ from ‘CCC’ 
by S&P Global Ratings in May 2024.  Such downgrades have, in turn, impacted the Company’s 
substantial operating challenges. 
E. 
Restructuring Negotiations  
48. 
Notwithstanding the financial restructuring undertaken pursuant to the Fourth 
Amendment to the Prepetition Credit Facility, including loosened covenants in connection 
therewith, the Debtors have struggled to comply with financial covenants under the Prepetition 
Credit Facility in recent months, leading to the Agent declaring an Event of Default in May 2025 
(as further described below). 
49. 
Due to the factors described above, the Company’s management recognized that it 
needed to evaluate strategic alternatives, including exploring whether it could raise additional 
financing or otherwise refinance its obligations to the Prepetition Lenders.   
50. 
I understand that in January 2025, the Debtors management began engaging in 
earnest in negotiations with certain of their Prepetition Lenders, and eventually, with the Ad Hoc 
Case 25-90191   Document 18   Filed in TXSB on 07/14/25   Page 20 of 110

=== page 21 ===
 
21 
Group after its formation, in an attempt to evaluate possible resolutions to the Debtors’ obligations 
under the Prepetition Credit Agreement.  Simultaneously, I understand the Debtors’ management 
was pursuing opportunities to raise new capital with third parties. 
51. 
I understand that substantive negotiations began in and initially culminated with the 
Ad Hoc Group delivering a term sheet proposal to the Company on February 23, 2025.  I 
understand that the Debtors’ management continued to evaluate third party sources of financing 
and, in parallel, engaged with the Ad Hoc Group to see if an out-of-court solution was possible.  
During this time, the Company’s financial position continued to deteriorate. On May 12, 2025, the 
Prepetition Agent delivered a default notice to the Company declaring an Event of Default under 
the Prepetition Credit Facility. The Company subsequently defaulted under its Prepetition Credit 
Facility when filing its covenant compliance certificate for the first quarter of 2025 on May 15. 
Subsequently, the Debtors were unable to fund their debt service payment on the Term B Loans 
on May 28.  The Debtors and the Ad Hoc Group ultimately agreed to a standstill of remedies under 
the Prepetition Credit Facility through June 19, 2025. The Debtors were further unable to make 
their debt service payments on its First Out Term Loans and Second Out Term Loans on July 3, 
2025. 
52. 
In June 2025, the Debtors formed a special committee of each entity’s governing 
body (the “Special Committee”) comprised of two recently appointed independent directors, 
Lawrence Perkins and Tobias Keller, each with substantial restructuring experience to properly 
evaluate all available strategic alternatives.   
53. 
I further understand that, through these continued negotiations and the Debtors’ 
evaluation of potential alternative sources of capital, it became evident that (1) no viable third-
party sources of capital were available on the timeline necessary for the Debtors to remain 
Case 25-90191   Document 18   Filed in TXSB on 07/14/25   Page 21 of 110

=== page 22 ===
 
22 
operational as a going concern and (2) the Prepetition Lenders were open to supporting and 
providing financing for a restructuring, subject to the Debtors agreeing to pursue an in-court 
process.  On June 12, 2025, the Ad Hoc Group delivered a proposed term sheet outlining a chapter 
11 restructuring proposal developed in part through the negotiations with the Company.  After 
subsequent extensions of the standstill agreement, I am advised that the parties continued to engage 
in arm’s-length negotiations to refine the proposal and reached agreement on the definitive terms 
of a restructuring transaction on June 25, which is reflected in the Transaction Support Agreement. 
I am not aware of any other viable transactions or alternatives available to the Debtors that would 
not require the support of the Prepetition Lenders. 
54. 
Among other things, the Transaction Support Agreement required the Debtors to 
(a) appoint me, Jeff Seery, as Chief Restructuring Officer of the Maverick Debtors and as an 
employee of the Licensed Operator Affiliate Debtors with authority to manage all cash receipts 
and disbursements (the “Liquidity Employee”);6 (b) appoint a lender-designated member to the 
Special Committee (the “Lender Designee”), with any approvals, actions, or recommendations by 
the Special Committee to require the affirmative consent of the Lender Designee; (c) delegate to 
the Special Committee the right to approve or manage the transactions under the Transaction 
Support Agreement, the Chapter 11 Cases, and any matters arising with respect thereto, in each 
case in a manner acceptable to the Requisite Supporting Lenders, and (d) take all reasonable steps 
to appoint an employee of an entity to replace the Licensed Operator Affiliate Debtors 
(a “Replacement Operator”) subject to such employee obtaining the requisite gaming licenses or 
 
6  
In recognition of my agreement to serve as Chief Restructuring Officer of the Maverick Debtors and Liquidity 
Employee of the Licensed Operator Affiliate Debtors in addition to my usual responsibilities as Chief Financial 
Officer of RunItOneTime LLC, on July 13, 2025, the Special Committee approved an amendment to my 
employment agreement providing (i) a permanent increase to my “Base Salary” and (ii) an additional temporary 
increase of my Base Salary for a period of one year equivalent to my “Annual Bonus.”  The Debtors do not intend 
to seek approval or authorization from the Court or any other relief with respect to such amendment. 
Case 25-90191   Document 18   Filed in TXSB on 07/14/25   Page 22 of 110

=== page 23 ===
 
23 
suitability determination. The Transaction Support Agreement also imposed certain milestones 
with respect to the proposed chapter 11 process, including requirements to reach agreement on the 
relevant milestones for the sale documentation and other bankruptcy-documents within 14 days of 
execution.  
55. 
As discussed above, the Transaction Support Agreement contemplates a 
comprehensive Restructuring that is supported by the Debtors, the Supporting Shareholder, and 
the Supporting Lenders and will holistically address the Debtors’ funded debt obligations while 
endeavoring to preserve jobs and the Company’s operations as a going concern.  The Restructuring 
further provides the Debtors with access to financing through the provision of approximately $7.5 
million in new money term loans under the DIP Facility, which will provide financing for a four-
week period in the Chapter 11 Cases while the Debtors and the Prepetition Lenders determine the 
funding needs for the remainder of the anticipated Chapter 11 process]. 
V. 
First Day Pleadings 
56. 
In furtherance of their objective of preserving value for all stakeholders, the Debtors 
have filed the following First Day Pleadings and related orders (the “Proposed Orders”) 
contemporaneously herewith and have therein requested that the Court consider entering the 
Proposed Orders granting the relief sought in First Day Pleadings. For the avoidance of doubt, as 
to those First Day Pleadings that seek authorization to pay prepetition obligations, the Debtors 
seek authority, but not direction, to pay amounts or satisfy obligations that are the subject of the 
First Day Pleadings. The facts set forth in each of the First Day Pleadings are incorporated herein 
in their entirety. The First Day Pleadings include: 
A. 
Administrative and Procedural Pleadings 
(i) 
Emergency Motion of Debtors for Entry of an Order (I) Authorizing Joint 
Administration of the Chapter 11 Cases and (II) Granting Related Relief 
Case 25-90191   Document 18   Filed in TXSB on 07/14/25   Page 23 of 110

=== page 24 ===
 
24 
(ii) 
Emergency Motion of Debtors for Entry of an Order (I) Authorizing the Debtors to 
File a Consolidated Creditor Matrix and List of the 30 Largest Unsecured 
Creditors, (II) Authorizing the Debtors to Redact Certain Personally Identifiable 
Information; (III) Approving the Form and Manner of Notice of Commencement; 
and (IV) Granting Related Relief 
(iii) 
Emergency Motion of Debtors for an Order (I) Extending the Time to File 
Schedules of Assets and Liabilities, Schedules of Executory Contracts and 
Unexpired Leases, Statements of Financial Affairs, and 2015.3 Reports; and 
(II) Granting Related Relief 
(iv) 
Debtors’ Emergency Ex Parte Application for Entry of an Order Authorizing the 
Employment and Retention of Kroll Restructuring Administration, LLC as Claims, 
Noticing, and Solicitation Agent 
(v) 
Notice of Designation as Complex Bankruptcy Case 
B. 
Business Operations and Financing Motions 
(i) 
Emergency Motion of Debtors for Entry of Interim and Final Orders (I) Authorizing 
Debtors to (A) Continue Existing Cash Management System, (B) Maintain Existing 
Business Forms and Intercompany Arrangements, and (C) Continue Intercompany 
Transactions; and (II) Granting Related Relief 
(ii) 
Emergency Motion of Debtors for Entry of an Order Interim and Final Orders 
(I) Authorizing the Debtors to Pay Certain Prepetition Claims of (A) Critical 
Vendors, (B) 503(B)(9) Claimants, (C) Lien Claimants, and (D) PACA/PASA 
Claimants, (II) Confirming Administrative Expense Priority, (III) Authorizing 
Financial Institutions to Honor and Process Related Checks and Transfers; and 
(IV) Granting Related Relief 
(iii) 
Emergency Motion of Debtors for Entry of an Order (I) Authorizing Debtors to (A) 
Honor their Prepetition Obligations to Customers and (B) Continue their Customer 
Programs; and (II) Granting Related Relief 
(iv) 
Emergency Motion of Debtors for Entry of an Order (I) Authorizing the Debtors to 
(A) Pay Prepetition Insurance Program Obligations, (B) Maintain the Insurance 
Policies Postpetition, and (II) Granting Related Relief 
(v) 
Emergency Motion of Debtors for Entry of an Order (I) Authorizing the Debtors to 
(A) Pay Certain Employee Compensation and Benefits and (B) Maintain and 
Continue Such Benefits and Other Employee-Related Programs; (II) Granting 
Relief from Automatic Stay with Respect to Workers’ Compensation Claims; and 
(III) Granting Related Relief 
(vi) 
Emergency Motion of Debtors for Entry of an Order (I) Authorizing Debtors to Pay 
Certain Prepetition Taxes and Fees and (II) Granting Related Relief 
Case 25-90191   Document 18   Filed in TXSB on 07/14/25   Page 24 of 110

=== page 25 ===
 
25 
(vii) 
Emergency Motion of Debtors for an Order (I) Prohibiting Utility Companies from 
Altering or Discontinuing Service on Account of Prepetition Invoices, 
(II) Approving 
the 
Debtors’ 
Proposed 
Form 
of 
Adequate 
Assurance, 
(III) Establishing Procedures for Resolving Requests by Utility Companies for 
Additional Assurance of Payment, (IV) Authorizing Payment of any Prepetition 
Service Fees and (V) Granting Related Relief 
(viii) Emergency Motion of Debtors for Entry of Interim and Final Orders (I) Authorizing 
Postpetition Financing and Use of Cash Collateral and (II) Granting Related Relief 
(the “DIP Motion”) 
57. 
The Transaction Support Agreement and the transactions and agreements 
contemplated under the foregoing will accomplish a fully consensual restructuring of the Debtors’ 
funded debt obligations. As a result of the diligent negotiations and hard work by the various 
constituents, including the Debtors, the Supporting Lenders, and the advisors to each, the Debtors 
have preserved the going-concern value of the business, maximized creditor and stakeholder 
recovery, and minimized disruption to the day-to-day operations. Accordingly, the expedited 
Chapter 11 Cases will best position the Debtors for future success while providing the most value 
for the Debtors’ estates and stakeholders. 
58. 
I have reviewed each of the First Day Pleadings, Proposed Orders, and exhibits 
thereto, or have otherwise had their contents explained to me, and the facts set forth therein are 
true and correct to the best of my knowledge, information, and belief. Moreover, I believe that the 
relief sought in each of the First Day Pleadings (a) is vital to enabling the Debtors to make the 
transition to, and operate in, chapter 11 with minimal employee attrition and disruption to their 
businesses, and without loss of productivity or value; (b) is necessary to preserve valuable 
relationships with customers, Trade Creditors, and other creditors; and (c) constitutes a critical 
element in the Debtors’ ability to successfully maximize value for the benefit of their estates and 
a prudent exercise of the Debtors’ business judgement. 
Case 25-90191   Document 18   Filed in TXSB on 07/14/25   Page 25 of 110

=== page 26 ===
 
26 
C. 
DIP Motion 
59. 
In parallel with the restructuring transaction negotiations, and as further detailed in 
the DIP Motion and the Declaration of Michael Sellinger in Support of the Debtors’ Motion to 
Obtain Postpetition Debtor-in-Possession Financing, filed contemporaneously herewith, the 
Debtors engaged in good faith, arm’s-length negotiations with the Backstop Parties and the Ad 
Hoc Group regarding the DIP Facility and the consensual use of Cash Collateral (as defined in the 
DIP Motion). 
60. 
Pursuant to the relief requested in the DIP Motion and proposed orders, the Debtors 
will use the proceeds of the DIP Facility and Cash Collateral to fund operating expenses associated 
with the Debtors’ businesses and the administrative expenses of the Chapter 11 Cases for a four-
week interim period in the Chapter 11 Cases while the Debtors and the Prepetition Lenders assess 
the funding needs for the remainder of the anticipated Chapter 11 process and engage in 
negotiations concerning additional new-money financing and the Debtors’ path forward more 
generally. The DIP Facility will be secured on a priming basis by all property and assets of the 
Debtors other than assets specifically identified in the DIP Documents as “Excluded Assets,” DIP 
Collateral will include, subject to entry of a Final DIP Order providing for such relief, the proceeds 
of avoidance actions. In addition, the Debtors will pay the DIP Lenders a 3% structuring fee, 4% 
upfront fee, and 3% backstop fee (all payable on the new money portion of the DIP only) on 
account of the DIP Lenders’ structuring of the DIP Facility, capital commitments, and other 
undertakings relating to the DIP Facility. In exchange for the use of the Prepetition Lenders’ Cash 
Collateral and agreement to be primed by the DIP Facility, the Debtors have agreed to provide the 
Prepetition Lenders with an adequate protection package that includes replacement liens and 
superpriority claims, payment of professional fees and expenses, and certain reporting and 
budgeting obligations. 
Case 25-90191   Document 18   Filed in TXSB on 07/14/25   Page 26 of 110

=== page 27 ===
 
27 
61. 
Based on my review of the Debtors’ actual and projected cash flows (as reflected 
on the Approved Budget annexed hereto as Exhibit C and incorporated herein by reference) and 
underlying books and records, and based on discussions with the Debtors’ advisors, I believe it is 
vital that the Debtors obtain immediate approval of the DIP Facility to ensure that the Debtors 
have immediate access to the interim new money financing and access to Cash Collateral necessary 
to continue operations.  Without immediate access to the proceeds of the proposed DIP Facility 
and use of cash collateral, the Debtors will lack sufficient liquidity to maintain their business 
operations after the Petition Date and would have no choice but to immediately cease operations. 
62. 
Indeed, as detailed in the DIP Motion, the Debtors have approximately $500,000 in 
cash as of the Petition Date and will be unable to satisfy their next payroll run (scheduled for 
Thursday, July 17, 2025) absent immediate access to the DIP Facility. Further, the Debtors 
anticipate having negative cash flow during the Chapter 11 Cases, and the liquidity provided by 
the DIP Facility is critical to provide operating liquidity across Debtor entities and to meet the 
Debtors’ working capital needs for the immediate period following commencement of the Chapter 
11 Cases. 
63. 
The DIP Facility is a critical requirement for the Debtors’ consensual Cash 
Collateral. Absent the DIP Facility, I understand that the Debtors’ lenders would be unwilling to 
agree to the Debtors’ use of their Cash Collateral and would not agree to the priming of their 
prepetition liens that would otherwise be necessary to obtain postpetition financing. The Debtors’ 
use of the funds available under the DIP Facility will be governed by the Approved Budget (subject 
to permitted variances).  The overall size of the DIP Facility was determined under the assumption 
that the Debtors would also have access to existing Cash Collateral and receipts generated 
postpetition (primarily related to continued collection of accounts receivable and proceeds from 
Case 25-90191   Document 18   Filed in TXSB on 07/14/25   Page 27 of 110

=== page 28 ===
 
28 
continued operations).  The Debtors’ use of Cash Collateral alone would be insufficient to meet 
the Debtors’ cash disbursement needs during the period of effectiveness of the proposed Interim 
DIP Order. The Debtors would be unable to meet their obligations over the next four weeks absent 
both the use of Cash Collateral and access to additional postpetition financing. 
64. 
Without access to Cash Collateral and the incremental liquidity provided by the 
DIP Facility, the Debtors would face severe, immediate, and irreparable harm.  As noted above, 
the Debtors have insufficient liquidity to manage their working capital needs and pay the various 
disbursements identified in the Approved Budget.  The disbursements set forth in the Approved 
Budget include, among other critical payments, payroll and benefits and payments contemplated 
by the Debtors’ proposed “first day” orders.  Any disruption in paying the Debtors’ employees and 
vendors will result in the attrition of the Debtors’ workforce and the destruction of key vendor 
relationships, which in turn will impact the Debtors’ ability to attract and retain their customers. 
Moreover, time is of the essence for the Debtors, given their upcoming payroll obligations and 
mounting pressure from trade and other creditors. 
65. 
Accordingly, I believe that the Debtors’ access to the DIP Facility and Cash 
Collateral is necessary to fund the Debtors’ immediate operational needs and should therefore be 
approved. 
CONCLUSION 
66. 
The above describes the Debtors’ business and capital structure, the factors that 
precipitated the commencement of the Chapter 11 Cases, and the critical need for the Debtors to 
obtain the relief set forth in the First Day Pleadings.  The Debtors enter the Chapter 11 Cases with 
an intent to undergo a financial reorganization and reestablish themselves as a healthy economic 
Case 25-90191   Document 18   Filed in TXSB on 07/14/25   Page 28 of 110

=== page 29 ===
 
29 
enterprise able to effectively compete in their industry for the benefit of their economic 
stakeholders and employees. 
[Remainder of Page Intentionally Left Blank]
Case 25-90191   Document 18   Filed in TXSB on 07/14/25   Page 29 of 110

=== page 30 ===
 
 
I declare under penalty of perjury that, to the best of my knowledge and after 
reasonable inquiry, the foregoing is true and correct. 
Dated: July 14, 2025 
Las Vegas, Nevada 
 
 
/s/ Jeff Seery  
 
 
 
Jeff Seery
Case 25-90191   Document 18   Filed in TXSB on 07/14/25   Page 30 of 110

=== page 31 ===
 
 
Exhibit A 
Transaction Support Agreement
Case 25-90191   Document 18   Filed in TXSB on 07/14/25   Page 31 of 110

=== page 32 ===
Execution Version 
154513756_28 
THIS TRANSACTION SUPPORT AGREEMENT DOES NOT CONSTITUTE, AND SHALL 
NOT BE DEEMED, AN OFFER TO SELL, OR A SOLICITATION OF AN OFFER TO BUY 
WITH RESPECT TO ANY SECURITIES. ANY SUCH OFFER OR SOLICITATION WILL 
COMPLY WITH ALL APPLICABLE SECURITIES LAWS. NOTHING CONTAINED IN THIS 
TRANSACTION SUPPORT AGREEMENT SHALL BE AN ADMISSION OF FACT OR 
LIABILITY OR, UNTIL THE OCCURRENCE OF THE SUPPORT EFFECTIVE DATE ON 
THE TERMS DESCRIBED HEREIN, DEEMED BINDING ON ANY OF THE PARTIES 
HERETO. 
THIS TRANSACTION SUPPORT AGREEMENT DOES NOT PURPORT TO SUMMARIZE 
ALL OF THE TERMS, CONDITIONS, REPRESENTATIONS, WARRANTIES, AND OTHER 
AGREEMENTS WITH RESPECT TO THE TRANSACTIONS DESCRIBED IN THIS 
TRANSACTION SUPPORT AGREEMENT, WHICH TRANSACTIONS WILL BE SUBJECT 
TO THE EXECUTION OF DEFINITIVE DOCUMENTS INCORPORATING THE TERMS 
AND CONDITIONS SET FORTH IN THIS TRANSACTION SUPPORT AGREEMENT AND 
THE CLOSING OF ANY TRANSACTION SHALL BE SUBJECT TO THE TERMS AND 
CONDITIONS SET FORTH IN SUCH DEFINITIVE DOCUMENTS. 
TRANSACTION SUPPORT AGREEMENT 
This Transaction Support Agreement (together with all annexes, exhibits, schedules, and 
attachments hereto and, as amended, restated, supplemented, or otherwise modified from time to 
time in accordance with the terms hereof, this “Agreement”) is entered into on June 25, 2025 by 
and among the below parties (each of following described in sub-clauses (a) through (c), a “Party”, 
and collectively, the “Parties”): 
(a)
RunItOneTime LLC and each of its affiliates and licensed gaming affiliates listed
on Schedule 1 to this Agreement (collectively, the “Company Parties”);
(b)
the undersigned beneficial owners, or investment advisors or managers for the
account of beneficial owners signatories hereto (including those parties that
subsequently become Parties to this Agreement by executing and delivering a
Joinder Agreement in compliance with Section 4(c)) of Existing Term Loans (as
defined herein) under the Credit Agreement dated September 3, 2021 (as amended,
restated, or otherwise modified from time to time, the “Existing Credit
Agreement”), between the Company Parties, the lenders party thereto, Alter Domus
(US) LLC as administrative agent and collateral agent (in its capacity as such, and
any successor, the “Existing Term Loan Agent”), and the lenders party thereto
(such undersigned holders, along with subsequent joinders, collectively,
the “Supporting Lenders”); and
(c)
Mr. Eric Persson in his personal capacity or through one more entities created to
effectuate the Transaction (excluding the Company Parties) and in his capacity as
(i) principal shareholder of Maverick Gaming HoldCo, Inc. (“Maverick HoldCo”)
and (ii) indirect majority holder of the Existing Interests (as defined herein) in the
other Company Parties (Mr. Persson, together with his successors and assigns,
Case 25-90191   Document 18   Filed in TXSB on 07/14/25   Page 32 of 110

=== page 33 ===
2 
154513756_28 
the “Supporting Shareholder” and together with the Supporting Lenders, 
the “Supporting Stakeholders”). 
RECITALS 
WHEREAS, the Parties (as of the date hereof) have in good faith and at arm’s length 
negotiated a series of transactions (collectively, the “Transactions”) with respect to the Company 
Parties on the terms set forth in this Agreement, including the term sheet attached hereto as 
Exhibit A (the “Transaction Term Sheet”), which constitutes a part of and is deemed fully 
incorporated into this Agreement, and the Definitive Documents (as defined below); and 
WHEREAS, as of the date of this Agreement, the Supporting Lenders and the Supporting 
Shareholder collectively beneficially own or control approximately (a) 78.1% of the aggregate 
principal amount of outstanding Existing First Out Term Loans (as defined herein), (b) 69.9% 
of the aggregate principal amount of Existing Second Out Term Loans (as defined herein), 
(c) 57.9% of the Existing Interests in Maverick HoldCo, and (d) 100.0% of the Existing 
Interests in the Company Parties; 
NOW, THEREFORE, the Parties agree as follows: 
Section 1. 
Certain Definitions; Rules of Construction.  
As used in this Agreement, the following terms have the following meanings:  
(a)
“Ad Hoc Group” means the ad hoc group composed of beneficial holders (or
investment managers or advisors to beneficial holders) of Existing Term Loans
represented by the Ad Hoc Group Advisors.
(b)
“Ad Hoc Group Advisors” means (i) Ropes & Gray LLP as lead restructuring
counsel; (ii) Orrick, Herrington & Sutcliffe LLP as Washington gaming counsel;
(iii) Brownstein Hyatt Farber Schreck, LLP as Nevada and Colorado gaming
counsel; (iv) one local counsel (for the Chapter 11 Cases) for the Ad Hoc Group;
and (v) such other attorneys, accountants, other professionals, advisors, and
consultants for the Ad Hoc Group, as may be agreed by the Ad Hoc Group and the
Company Parties, in each case, in accordance with the respective engagement
letters for such professionals.
(c)
“Affiliate” has the meaning set forth in section 101(2) of the Bankruptcy Code as
if such entity was a debtor in a case under the Bankruptcy Code; provided, that the
Company Parties and the Supporting Shareholder are not considered Affiliates
under this Agreement.
(d)
“Alternative Transaction” means (i) any inquiry, proposal, offer, bid, term sheet,
discussion, or agreement with respect to a sale, disposition, new-money investment,
restructuring, reorganization, merger, amalgamation, acquisition, consolidation,
dissolution, debt investment, equity investment, liquidation, tender offer,
recapitalization, plan of reorganization, share exchange, business combination, or
similar transaction involving any one or more Company Parties or the debt, equity,
Case 25-90191   Document 18   Filed in TXSB on 07/14/25   Page 33 of 110

=== page 34 ===
3 
154513756_28 
or other interests in any one or more Company Parties that is an alternative to one 
or more of the Restructuring Transactions or (ii) any other transaction involving 
one or more of the Company Parties that is an alternative to or materially 
inconsistent with one or more of the Transactions (taken as a whole). 
(e) 
“Bankruptcy Code” means title 11 of the United States Code, 11 U.S.C. §§ 101–
1532, as amended. 
(f) 
“Bankruptcy Court” means the United States Bankruptcy Court in which the 
Chapter 11 Cases are commenced or another United States Bankruptcy Court with 
jurisdiction over the Chapter 11 Cases. 
(g) 
“Bankruptcy Documents” means the following documents related to the Chapter 
11 Cases: 
(i) 
all petitions, first-day pleadings filed by the Debtors, second-day pleadings 
filed by the Debtors, and any orders sought in connection therewith; 
(ii) 
any motions by the Debtors seeking debtor-in-possession financing or the 
use of cash collateral, any transaction documents providing for debtor-in-
possession financing, and any order sought by the debtors approving such 
financing or use of cash collateral; 
(iii) 
any motion seeking confirmation of the Plan, the Plan, any supplement to 
the Plan, and any order seeking confirmation of the Plan; 
(iv) 
any motion seeking approval of the Disclosure Statement, the Disclosure 
Statement, all solicitation materials in respect of the Plan, and any order 
seeking approval of the Disclosure Statement;  
(v) 
any orders sought by the Debtors related to the assumption or rejection of 
the Blue Owl Master Lease; and 
(vi) 
any order sought by the Debtors related to a sale of their assets.  
(h) 
“Blue Owl Master Lease” means the Second Amended and Restated Master Lease, 
dated July 6, 2023, by and among (a) Project Evergreen WA LLC and Project 
Evergreen NV Owner LLC, as Landlord, and (b) certain Company Parties as Tenant 
(as amended, restated, amended and restated, supplemented, or otherwise modified 
from time to time in accordance with its terms). 
(i) 
“Business Day” means any day other than a Saturday, Sunday, “legal holiday” (as 
defined in Bankruptcy Rule 9006(a)) or another day on which commercial banks in 
New York are required or permitted under applicable Laws or regulations to close.  
(j) 
“Cause of Action” means any and all claims, interests, damages, remedies, causes 
of action, demands, rights, actions, controversies, proceedings, agreements, suits, 
obligations, reimbursement claims, contribution claims, recoupment rights, debts, 
Case 25-90191   Document 18   Filed in TXSB on 07/14/25   Page 34 of 110

=== page 35 ===
4 
154513756_28 
third-party claims, liabilities, accounts, defenses, offsets, powers, privileges, 
licenses, liens, indemnities, guaranties, and franchises, avoidance actions, 
counterclaims and cross claims, of any kind or character whatsoever, whether 
known or unknown, foreseen or unforeseen, existing or hereinafter arising, 
contingent or non-contingent, liquidated or unliquidated, secured or unsecured, 
asserted, assertable, or unasserted, directly or derivatively, choate or inchoate, 
reduced to judgment or otherwise, matured or unmatured, suspected or 
unsuspected, disputed or undisputed, in contract, tort, law, equity, or otherwise. 
(k) 
“Claim” has the meaning set forth in section 101(5) of the Bankruptcy Code. 
(l) 
“Closing Date” means the date of satisfaction or waiver of all of the conditions set 
forth in the Definitive Documents and this Agreement, and the occurrence of the 
Plan Effective Date if the Chapter 11 Cases are commenced. 
(m) 
“Control” (including the terms “controlling,” “controlled by” and “under common 
control with”), with respect to the relationship between or among two or more 
Entities, means the possession, directly or indirectly, of the power to direct or cause 
the direction of the affairs or management of an Entity, whether through the 
ownership of voting securities, as trustee or executor, by contract or otherwise. 
(n) 
“Debtors” means the Company Parties that commence Chapter 11 Cases. 
(o) 
“Definitive Documents” means all documents, agreements, and instruments 
(including all exhibits, schedules, supplements, appendices, annexes, and 
attachments thereto) that are utilized to implement or effectuate, or that otherwise 
relate to, the Transactions, including:  
(i) 
the Transaction Term Sheet, including any annexes thereto; 
(ii) 
the Bankruptcy Documents; 
(iii) 
the Maverick/Aces IP Documents; 
(iv) 
the Sale Documents, including the PokerCo Stalking Horse Documents; 
(v) 
the Transition Services Agreement; 
(vi) 
any amendment to the Operator Leases, or a comparable lease agreement 
between the Company Parties and a Replacement Operator; 
(vii) 
any other documents or agreements relating to any of the foregoing and 
the Transactions 
(including 
all 
exhibits, 
schedules, 
supplements, 
appendices, annexes, instructions and attachments to any of the foregoing); 
in each case, containing terms and conditions consistent with this Agreement, 
including the Transaction Term Sheet and otherwise in form and substance 
(1) reasonably satisfactory to the Company Parties; and (2) as to the foregoing items 
Case 25-90191   Document 18   Filed in TXSB on 07/14/25   Page 35 of 110

=== page 36 ===
5 
154513756_28 
(ii) and (iv) and those documents set forth in (vi) that are related to the foregoing 
items (ii) and (iv), acceptable to the Requisite Supporting Lenders in their sole 
discretion, and otherwise reasonably acceptable to the Requisite Supporting 
Lenders; provided, that the PokerCo Stalking Horse Documents, Maverick/Aces IP 
Documents, and the Transition Services Agreement must also be in form and 
substance reasonably satisfactory to the Supporting Shareholder.  
 
(p) 
“Disclosure Statement” means the disclosure statement with respect to the Plan. 
(q) 
“Entity” has the meaning set forth in section 101(15) of the Bankruptcy Code. 
(r) 
“Existing Credit Agreement” means the Credit Agreement, dated September 3, 
2021, by and among certain of the Company Parties, the Existing Term Lenders, 
and the Existing Term Loan Agent (as amended, restated, amended and restated, 
supplemented, or otherwise modified from time to time in accordance with 
its terms). 
(s) 
“Existing Debt Documents” means collectively, the Existing Credit Agreement and 
all “Loan Documents” as defined therein. 
(t) 
“Existing First Out Term Loans” means the outstanding First Out Term Loans 
under the Existing Credit Agreement. 
(u) 
“Existing Interests” means with respect to any Entity, the shares (or any class 
thereof) of capital stock (including common stock and preferred stock), limited 
liability company interests, partnership interests and any other equity, ownership, 
beneficial or profits interests of such Entity, and options, warrants, rights, stock 
appreciation rights, phantom stock or units, incentives, commitments, calls, 
redemption rights, repurchase rights or other securities, arrangements or 
agreements to acquire or subscribe for, or which are convertible into, or exercisable 
or exchangeable for, the shares (or any class thereof) of capital stock (including 
common stock and preferred stock), limited liability company interests, partnership 
interest or any other equity, ownership, beneficial, or profits interests of such Entity 
(in each case whether or not arising under or in connection with any employment 
agreement). 
(v) 
“Existing Lenders” means the holders of Existing Term Loans under the Existing 
Credit Agreement. 
(w) 
“Existing Second Out Term Loans” means the outstanding Second Out Term Loans 
under the Existing Credit Agreement. 
(x) 
“Existing Term Loans” means the outstanding Term Loans under the Existing 
Credit Agreement, including the Existing First Out Term Loans and the Existing 
Second Out Term Loans. 
(y) 
“Gaming Decisions” means a decision by a Supporting Shareholder or 
governing body of a Company Party that, under Gaming Laws, can only be made 
Case 25-90191   Document 18   Filed in TXSB on 07/14/25   Page 36 of 110

=== page 37 ===
6 
154513756_28 
by individuals holding the relevant and necessary gaming license or having been 
found suitable under the states of Colorado and Nevada relating to any alterations 
to the licensed facilities, including a reduction or enlargement in (i) the total 
number of gaming devices on the gaming floor, or a reduction in the hours in which 
the gaming devices or gaming floor are operational, inclusive of slots, table games 
or other gaming devices that are permitted within the applicable jurisdiction; (ii) the 
operation of non-gaming amenities, including but not limited to food and beverage, 
lodging, retail, wellness (spa, gym, pool or similar amenities), (iii) any contracts 
related to the use, acquisition, or disposition of gaming equipment that exceed 
$100,000 per contract, (iv) any key employees under Gaming Laws in which the 
total compensation is more than $100,000 per person or (v) other categories of 
amenity that have previously been offered by the Company Parties or the Licensed 
Operating Affiliates to customers at any of the licensed locations throughout the 
jurisdictions where the Company Parties or the Licensed Operating Affiliates  
operate. 
(z) 
“Gaming Laws” means the Nevada Gaming Control Act, the Regulations of the 
Nevada Gaming Commission and Nevada Gaming Control Board, the Colorado 
Limited Gaming Act, and the Rules of the Colorado Limited Gaming Control 
Commission. 
(aa) 
“Governmental Body” means any applicable federal, state, local, or foreign 
government or any agency, bureau, board, commission, court or arbitral body, 
department, political subdivision, regulatory or administrative authority, tribunal or 
other instrumentality thereof, or any self-regulatory organization.  
(bb) 
“Joinder Agreement” has the meaning set forth in Section 4(c)(i). 
(cc) 
“Law” means any federal, state, local, or foreign law (including, in each case, any 
common law), statute, code, ordinance, rule, regulation, decree, injunction, order, 
ruling, assessment, writ or other legal requirement, or judgment, in each case, that 
is validly adopted, promulgated, issued, or entered by a Governmental Body. 
(dd) 
“Licensed Operator Affiliates” means collectively, Colorado Resorts Operator 
LLC; Grand Z Casino Operator LLC; Johnny Z Casino Operator LLC; Z Casino 
Black Hawk Operator LLC; Elko Resorts Operator, LLC; Gold Country Operator, 
LLC; High Desert Operator LLC; Red Lion Operator, LLC; Wendover Resorts 
Operator, LLC; Red Garter Operator, LLC; and Wendover Nugget Operator, LLC. 
(ee) 
“Maverick/Aces IP” the “Maverick” and “Aces” brands and associated trademarks, 
along with any intellectual property developed using those brands and trademarks 
in connection with current and future poker partnerships. 
(ff) 
“Maverick/Aces IP Documents” means those licenses, sub-licenses, instruments, 
agreements, or other documents or arrangements governing the use or ownership 
of the Maverick/Aces IP in accordance with the Transaction Term Sheet. 
Case 25-90191   Document 18   Filed in TXSB on 07/14/25   Page 37 of 110

=== page 38 ===
7 
154513756_28 
(gg) 
“Operator Leases” means, collectively, the (i) Lease, dated March 28, 2019, by and 
between Maverick Wendover LLC and Red Garter Operator, LLC, (ii) Lease, dated 
March 28, 2019, by and between Maverick Wendover LLC and Wendover Nugget 
Operator, LLC, (iii) Lease, dated May 31, 2019, by and between Maverick Elko 
LLC and Gold Country Operator LLC, (iv) Lease, dated May 31, 2019, by and 
between Maverick Elko LLC and Red Lion Operator LLC, (v) Lease, dated 
December 11, 2019, by and between Maverick Z Casinos LLC and Grand Z Casino 
Operator LLC, (vi) Lease, dated December 11, 2019, by and between Maverick Z 
Casinos LLC and Z Casino Black Hawk Operator LLC, and (vii) Lease, dated 
December 11, 2019, by and between Maverick Z Casinos LLC and Johnny Z 
Casino Operator, LLC. 
(hh) 
“Outside Date” means 11:59 p.m. (Eastern Time) on December 31, 2025; provided, 
that if the only remaining condition to consummation of the Transactions is 
obtaining regulatory approvals then the Outside Date will be extended to December 
31, 2026 and the Outside Date may otherwise be extended upon written consent 
(not to be unreasonably withheld, conditioned, or delayed) between the Company 
Parties and the Requisite Supporting Lenders (e-mail via counsel being sufficient). 
(ii) 
“Parties” has the meaning set forth in the preamble to this Agreement. 
(jj) 
“Plan” means a chapter 11 plan encompassing the terms and conditions set forth in 
the Transaction Term Sheet. 
(kk) 
“Plan Effective Date” means the occurrence of the effective date of the Plan in 
accordance with its terms. 
(ll) 
“PokerCo Stalking Horse Documents” means: 
(i) 
the stalking horse purchase agreement between the Debtors and the 
Supporting Shareholder (or a designee thereof) providing for the initial bid 
for the purchase of the PokerCo (as defined in the Transaction Term Sheet), 
consistent with the Transaction Term Sheet; and 
(ii) 
the earnout and contingent sharing agreement between the Existing Lenders 
(or an entity to be formed by the Existing Lenders (“EarnoutCo”)) and the 
Supporting Shareholder (or a designee thereof) providing for an earnout to 
be paid to the Existing Lenders (or EarnoutCo) upon the signing of 
definitive documentation related to a change of control of any facility within 
PokerCo occurring within five years of the Closing Date, and entitling 
the Existing Lenders (or EarnoutCo) to receive 50% of the proceeds 
distributable to the Supporting Shareholder (or a designee thereof) after 
deducting (x) the cash price the Supporting Shareholder (or a designee 
thereof) paid for PokerCo (the “PokerCo Cash Price”), and (y) transaction 
expenses.   If less than all of PokerCo is sold, then the PokerCo Cash Price 
for the sold facility will be deemed to be the pro rata share of the final 
purchase price, with the numerator being the adjusted EBITDA of the 
Case 25-90191   Document 18   Filed in TXSB on 07/14/25   Page 38 of 110

=== page 39 ===
8 
154513756_28 
facility for the trailing 12 months and the denominator being total PokerCo 
adjusted EBITDA for the trailing 12 months. 
(mm) “Proceeding” means any action, claim, complaint, petition, suit, arbitration, 
mediation, alternative dispute resolution procedure, hearing, audit, examination, 
investigation or other proceeding by or before any Governmental Body. 
(nn) 
“Qualified Marketmaker” means an entity that (i) holds itself out to the public, the 
syndicated loan market, the high yield bond market, or the applicable private 
markets as standing ready in the ordinary course of business to purchase from 
customers and sell to customers Claims against the Company Parties, or enter with 
customers into long and short positions in Claims against the Company Parties, in 
its capacity as a dealer or market maker in such Claims and (ii) is, in fact, regularly 
in the business of making a market in Claims against issuers or borrowers 
(including term loans, or debt or equity securities). 
(oo) 
“Regulatory Entities” means any Governmental Body in any jurisdiction with 
regulatory, licensing, enforcement or administrative authority or jurisdiction over 
any gambling activity or similar gaming business, enterprise or establishment 
(including physical property or assets ancillary thereto and used in connection 
therewith, as well as online gambling, betting, lottery, sweepstakes, bingo, fantasy 
contests, skill games, social games or similar contests), or with regulatory, licensing 
or permitting authority or jurisdiction over any gaming, or non-gaming operation 
such as the service of alcoholic beverages, (or proposed gaming or non-gaming 
operation) owned, managed, leased or operated by the Company Parties. 
(pp) 
“Replacement Operator” means one or more third-party gaming operating 
companies or their affiliates that will replace the Licensed Operating Affiliates, 
which (i) before entry of an order of the Bankruptcy Court approving a sale of any 
facility of the Company Parties, will be determined by the Company Parties and 
acceptable to the Requisite Supporting Lenders and (ii) after entry of an order of 
the Bankruptcy Court approving a sale of any facility of the Company Parties, by 
the winning bidder as it relates to the affected locations.   
(qq) 
“Requisite Supporting Lenders” means, as of any date of determination, (i) at least 
two Supporting Lenders that are unaffiliated and (ii) that hold, own, or control as 
of such date more than 50% of the Existing First Out Term Loans and the Existing 
Second Out Term Loans (taken as a whole) held by all of the Supporting Lenders.  
(rr) 
“Sale Documents” means, collectively, the documents governing the sale of 
PokerCo and, if applicable, MainCo and LeaseCo (as defined in the Transaction 
Term Sheet), including: 
(i) 
the bidding procedures governing the bidding, auction, stalking horse 
protections, and sale of the Company Parties’ assets, and the order 
approving the same; 
(ii) 
the PokerCo Stalking Horse Documents; 
Case 25-90191   Document 18   Filed in TXSB on 07/14/25   Page 39 of 110

=== page 40 ===
9 
154513756_28 
(iii) 
if applicable, the stalking horse purchase agreement related to the Existing 
Lenders’ credit bid for MainCo; 
(iv) 
any definitive documents effectuating a sale of the Debtors’ assets as 
approved by the Bankruptcy Code, including a sale of PokerCo or MainCo;  
(v) 
all orders of the Bankruptcy Court related to the sale of the Debtors’ assets, 
including PokerCo or MainCo; and 
(vi) 
all agreements, documents, and instruments related thereto. 
(ss) 
“Special Committee” means a special committee of the board or other governing 
body of each Company Party with the authority set forth in Section 2(a), which will 
be composed of three directors or managers of which (i) two members will be 
Tobias Keller and Lawrence Perkins (or, in each case, their duly appointed 
successor) and (ii) one member will be designated by the Requisite Supporting 
Lenders; provided that any approvals, action, or recommendation by the Special 
Committee will require the affirmative consent of the member designated by the 
Requisite Supporting Lenders referenced in (ii). 
(tt) 
“Support Effective Date” means the date when each of the following conditions 
have been satisfied or waived by the appropriate Party or Parties in accordance with 
this Agreement:  (i) the delivery of duly authorized and executed signature pages 
to this Agreement by (A) the Company Parties, (B) the Supporting Lenders party 
hereto, and (C) the Supporting Shareholder; and (ii) the Company Parties shall have 
paid or caused to be paid, all Transaction Expenses for which an invoice has been 
received by the Company Parties. 
(uu) 
“Support Period” means the period commencing on the Support Effective Date and 
ending on the earlier of (i) the Closing Date and (ii) the date on which this 
Agreement is terminated in accordance with Section 6 hereof. 
(vv) 
“Transactions” has the meaning set forth in the recitals to this Agreement. 
(ww) “Transaction Expenses” means all reasonable and documented fees, costs and 
expenses of the Ad Hoc Group Advisors, whether incurred before, on, or after the 
Agreement Effective Date, in each case (i) in connection with the negotiation, 
formulation, preparation, execution, delivery, implementation, consummation, or 
enforcement of this Agreement or any of the other Definitive Documents, the 
transactions contemplated hereby or thereby, including any amendments, waivers, 
consents, supplements, or other modifications to any of the foregoing and 
(ii) consistent with any engagement letters or fee reimbursement letters entered into 
between the applicable Company Parties and the Ad Hoc Group. 
(xx) 
“Transition Services Agreement” means the transition services agreement between 
the Supporting Shareholder and the Company Parties, that set forth the terms on 
which the Supporting Shareholder will continue providing services to the Company 
Parties through the Closing Date. 
Case 25-90191   Document 18   Filed in TXSB on 07/14/25   Page 40 of 110

=== page 41 ===
10 
154513756_28 
Unless otherwise specified, references in this Agreement to any Section or clause refer to 
such Section or clause as contained in this Agreement.  The words “herein”, “hereof”, and 
“hereunder” and other words of similar import in this Agreement refer to this Agreement as a 
whole, and not to any particular Section or clause contained in this Agreement.  Wherever from 
the context it appears appropriate, each term stated in either the singular or plural shall include the 
singular and the plural, and pronouns stated in the masculine, feminine, or neuter gender shall 
include the masculine, feminine, and neuter genders.  Capitalized terms defined only in the plural 
or singular form shall nonetheless have their defined meanings when used in the opposite form.  
Unless otherwise specified, all references herein to “Sections” are references to Sections of this 
Agreement.  References to “shareholders,” “directors,” or “officers” shall also include “members” 
or “managers,” as applicable, as such terms are defined under the applicable limited liability 
company Laws.  The words “including”, “includes”, and “include” shall each be deemed to be 
followed by the words “without limitation”.  The phrase “hold, own, or control” shall be deemed 
to be followed by the words “(including through beneficial ownership or as investment advisors 
or managers for the account of a beneficial owner)”.  Unless otherwise specified, any reference in 
this Agreement to an existing document, schedule, or exhibit shall mean such document, schedule, 
or exhibit, as it may have been or may be amended, restated, amended and restated, supplemented, 
or otherwise modified or replaced from time to time; provided, that notwithstanding the foregoing, 
any capitalized terms in this Agreement which are defined with reference to another agreement 
(other than the Transaction Term Sheet), are defined with reference to such other agreement as of 
the date of this Agreement, without giving effect to any termination of such other agreement or 
amendments to or modifications of such capitalized terms in any such other agreement following 
the date of this Agreement. 
Section 2. 
Implementation of Transaction; Milestones.  Upon the Support Effective Date, 
the Company Parties and the Supporting Stakeholders will promptly work to effectuate the 
transactions in accordance with the below milestones: 
(a) 
Governance.  Within three calendar days of the Support Effective Date and at all 
times thereafter, the Company Parties will:  
(i) 
appoint a Chief Restructuring Officer (the “CRO”) or otherwise delegate to 
an officer the authority to manage the cash receipts and disbursements, and 
such other managerial controls not constituting Gaming Decisions (unless 
such CRO has obtained the requisite approvals to make the Gaming 
Decisions, in which case those controls will be vested in the CRO) of the 
Company Parties, which CRO will report to and can be terminated only with 
the consent of the Special Committee; provided, that the appointment of Jeff 
Seery, in the first instance, as the initial CRO, subject to replacement by a 
successor CRO with the consent of the Requisite Supporting Lenders, is 
acceptable to the Requisite Supporting Lenders and satisfies the 
requirements of this clause (i); provided further, that with respect to the 
Licensed Operator Affiliates, Jeff Seery (or another individual acceptable 
to the Requisite Supporting Lenders) will be appointed as an employee with 
authority to manage all cash receipts and disbursements; 
Case 25-90191   Document 18   Filed in TXSB on 07/14/25   Page 41 of 110

=== page 42 ===
11 
154513756_28 
(ii) 
delegate to the Special Committee the right to approve, manage, or decline 
to approve or manage, the Transactions, the Chapter 11 Cases, and any 
matters that may arise related to this Agreement, the Transactions, and the 
Chapter 11 Cases, in each case in a manner acceptable to the Requisite 
Supporting Lenders; and 
(iii) 
commence and promptly take all steps reasonably to appoint an employee 
of a Replacement Operator, subject to such employee obtaining the requisite 
gaming licensing or suitability determination, as an officer or key employee 
of the Licensed Operator Affiliates, on terms acceptable to the Requisite 
Supporting Lenders; 
provided, that if applicable Gaming Laws prohibit or limit the scope of any of the 
foregoing, then any alternative arrangement or modifications must be acceptable to 
the Requisite Supporting Lenders in their sole discretion. 
(b) 
Regulatory Approvals.  Within 21 days of the Support Effective Date, the Company 
Parties and Supporting Shareholder will commence discussions with, and at all 
times take all steps required by, the Regulatory Entities in relation to the operation 
of the Company Parties in the States of Nevada, Washington, and Colorado 
regarding (i) in addition to the requirements in Section 2(a)(iii), the appointment of 
a Replacement Operator to manage the gaming and relevant non-gaming operations 
of the Company Parties, (ii) to the extent practicable, the transition or assignment 
of all applicable gaming licenses and assets, as well as all other licenses required 
for the operation of the Company Parties, including but not limited to relevant 
liquor, food service and hotel occupancy licenses, by the Supporting Shareholder 
to the Replacement Operator, and where not practicable, having an Entity 
acceptable to the Requisite Supporting Lenders apply for and receive relevant 
licenses and approvals by the Regulatory Entities, and (iii) the potential change of 
control resulting from the Transactions, and will at all times (to the extent 
practicable) consult with and include in the discussions the Ad Hoc Group Advisors 
on all material discussions with such gaming regulators.  
(c) 
Shareholder Cooperation.  Upon request of the Requisite Supporting Lenders, 
the Supporting Shareholder will promptly: 
(i) 
negotiate and execute the Transition Services Agreement before 
commencement of the Chapter 11 Cases and in any event within 14 days of 
the Support Effective Date; 
(ii) 
negotiate and execute a non-compete agreement lasting three years from the 
Closing Date with respect to the business of e.gads LLC, if not covered by 
the Transition Services Agreement; and 
(iii) 
execute all documents or consents (and provide all information) necessary 
for the Company Parties and the Licensed Operator Affiliates to accomplish 
their obligations under this Agreement. 
Case 25-90191   Document 18   Filed in TXSB on 07/14/25   Page 42 of 110

=== page 43 ===
12 
154513756_28 
(d) 
Sale and Marketing Process:  At the request of the Requisite Supporting Lenders, 
the Company Parties will undertake the following steps related to a sale and 
marketing process: 
(i) 
within seven days of such request, deliver or cause to be delivered to the Ad 
Hoc Group Advisors a proposed confidential information memorandum 
(the “CIM”) for the sale of PokerCo, LeaseCo, and MainCo, along with a 
list of prospective buyers for each; 
(ii) 
the CIM shall be in form and substance reasonably acceptable to the 
Requisite Supporting Lenders and within two days of approval of the CIM 
by the Requisite Supporting Lenders, the Company parties shall deliver or 
cause to be delivered the CIM to prospective bidders and purchasers of 
PokerCo, LeaseCo, and MainCo with a request for initial indications of 
interest within a time mutually agreed by the Company Parties and the 
Requisite Supporting Lenders; provided, that such prospective bidders and 
purchasers shall only be entitled to receive a CIM to the extent they are 
subject to a confidentiality agreement with the Company Parties and, to the 
extent they are not, shall instead receive a teaser;  
(iii) 
promptly update the Requisite Supporting Lenders and the Ad Hoc Group 
Advisors of all indications of interest, bids, material developments, or offers 
made by third-parties with respect to the acquisition of PokerCo, LeaseCo, 
or MainCo; and 
(iv) 
take all such other steps reasonably necessary to market the assets of the 
Company Parties to comply with section 363 of the Bankruptcy Code. 
(e) 
Chapter 11 Preparation Milestones:  Within 14 days of the Support Effective Date, 
the Company Parties will: 
(i) 
deliver to Ropes & Gray LLP (x) an analysis of the projected cost and 
claims arising from assumption or rejection of the Blue Owl Master Lease, 
(y) an analysis of the administrative and unsecured claims of the Company 
Parties remaining after a pro-forma sale of PokerCo, and (z)  a proposed 
budget with respect to the use of cash collateral or any debtor-in-possession 
financing necessary to consummate the Chapter 11 Cases; and 
(ii) 
reach agreement with the Requisite Supporting Lenders on the relevant 
milestones for the delivery and filing of Sale Documents and Bankruptcy 
Documents by the Company Parties and approval thereof by the Bankruptcy 
Court, the deadline for commencement of Chapter 11 Cases, and the 
deadline for confirmation and consummation of the Plan (such milestones, 
the “Additional Agreed Milestones”). 
Case 25-90191   Document 18   Filed in TXSB on 07/14/25   Page 43 of 110

=== page 44 ===
13 
154513756_28 
Section 3. 
Agreements of the Company Parties.   
(a) 
Support of Transaction.  In addition to the other obligations set forth in this 
Agreement and subject to Section 6 hereof, each of the Company Parties, jointly 
and severally, agrees that for the duration of the Support Period it shall (and shall 
cause each of its direct and indirect subsidiaries to): 
(i) 
(A) conduct its business and operations in the ordinary course in a manner 
that is consistent with past practices and in compliance with Law; and 
(B) use reasonable efforts to preserve intact its business organizations and 
relationships with trade creditors, lessors, licensors, vendors, customers, 
suppliers, distributors, Governmental Bodies, and employees; 
(ii) 
support, pursue, and take in good faith all reasonably necessary and 
appropriate actions to facilitate and cause the implementation and 
consummation of the Transactions in a timely manner and within the time 
frames contemplated by this Agreement, including (A) taking all actions 
necessary and appropriate to support and complete the Transactions and all 
other reasonable actions contemplated in connection therewith in this 
Agreement and under the Definitive Documents, (B) taking all necessary 
actions to obtain any and all required licenses, determinations, approvals or 
consents from the relevant Regulatory Entity for the implementation and 
consummation of the Transactions, and (C) refraining from taking any 
actions inconsistent with, and not failing or omitting to take an action that 
is required by, this Agreement or the Definitive Documents; 
(iii) 
on a timely basis, negotiate in good faith, enter into, implement, and 
effectuate the Definitive Documents within the timeframes contemplated 
herein; provided, that no Company Party shall be obligated to (A) waive (to 
the extent it has the power or right to waive) any condition to the 
consummation of any part of the Transactions set forth in any Definitive 
Document or (B) approve any Definitive Document that is not in form and 
substance consistent with this Agreement (including the Transaction Term 
Sheet and the consent rights set forth herein and therein); 
(iv) 
to the extent any legal, regulatory, or structural impediment arises that 
would prevent, hinder, or delay the consummation of the Plan or 
Transactions, negotiate in good faith and use commercially reasonable 
efforts to execute and deliver any appropriate additional or alternative 
provisions or agreements to address any such impediment; 
(v) 
negotiate in good faith concerning financing arrangements for the 
prepetition period and the Chapter 11 Cases, including consensual use of 
cash collateral and, if necessary, debtor-in-possession financing for the 
Company Parties; 
Case 25-90191   Document 18   Filed in TXSB on 07/14/25   Page 44 of 110

=== page 45 ===
14 
154513756_28 
(vi) 
support and not object to approval of and entry of orders regarding the 
Definitive Documents and confirmation and consummation of the Plan and 
the Transactions, in each case consistent with the terms and conditions, and 
within the timeframes contemplated by, this Agreement (including the 
Transaction Term Sheet); 
(vii) 
subject to any confidentiality restrictions of the Company Parties, promptly 
provide the Ad Hoc Group with any documentation or information that is 
reasonably requested by the Ad Hoc Group, or that is reasonably necessary 
to consummate the Transactions; 
(viii) promptly notify the Supporting Lenders and the Supporting Shareholders 
of: (A) any breach of any obligations, representations, warranties, or 
covenants set forth in this Agreement; (B) any occurrence, or failure to 
occur, of any event of which the Company Parties are aware which 
occurrence or failure to occur would be likely to cause any condition 
precedent in the Definitive Documents not to occur or become impossible 
to satisfy; (C) receipt of any written notice from any third party alleging that 
the consent of such party is or may be required in connection with the 
Transactions; and (D) any action commenced, or, to the knowledge of such 
party, threatened, relating to or involving or otherwise affecting the 
transactions contemplated by the Transactions (including any action 
challenging the validity of the transactions contemplated by this Agreement 
or any Definitive Document or seeking to enjoin, restrain or prohibit this 
Agreement or any Definitive Document or the consummation of the 
transactions contemplated hereby or thereby); 
(ix) 
cooperate in good faith to structure the Transactions in a manner that 
(A) eliminates or minimizes to the maximum extent possible any cash taxes 
payable by the Company Parties, the Supporting Shareholder, and the 
Supporting Lenders as a result of the consummation of the Transactions and 
(B) optimizes the tax efficiency (including by way of the preservation or 
enhancement of favorable tax attributes) of the Transactions to the 
Company Parties, the Supporting Shareholder, and the Supporting Lenders 
as a result of the consummation of the Transactions, in each case as 
reasonably determined by the Company Parties and the Requisite 
Supporting Lenders; 
(x) 
use reasonable efforts to oppose and object to the efforts of any Entity 
seeking in any manner to object to, delay, impede, or take any other action 
to interfere with the acceptance, implementation, or consummation of the 
Transactions to the extent such opposition or objection is reasonably 
necessary to facilitate implementation of the Transactions after consultation 
with the Requisite Supporting Lenders;  
Case 25-90191   Document 18   Filed in TXSB on 07/14/25   Page 45 of 110

=== page 46 ===
15 
154513756_28 
(xi) 
to the extent this Agreement remains in effect, promptly pay when due all 
Transaction Expenses that are properly incurred and invoiced in accordance 
with the relevant engagement letters or fee arrangements; 
(xii) 
if any Company Party receives an Alternative Transaction proposal, 
provide, on a professional eyes only basis, written notice to Ropes & Gray 
LLP within two Business Days after the receipt of such Alternative 
Transaction proposal in accordance with Section 20, with such notice to 
include the material terms thereof;  
(xiii) to promptly provide the Ad Hoc Group Advisors: (A) timely responses to 
all diligence requests and any documentation or information that is 
requested by the Ad Hoc Group Advisors, and (B) upon reasonable request 
from the Requisite Supporting Lenders, reasonable access to the Chief 
Restructuring Officer;  
(xiv) with respect to any Gaming Decisions, which will be undertaken in 
accordance with Gaming Laws, consult with the CRO (who shall in turn 
consult with the Special Committee) and obtain their favorable written 
recommendation regarding any Gaming Decisions before any such 
decisions are undertaken by the applicable entity and promptly inform the 
Ad Hoc Group Advisors if a Company Party or Supporting Shareholder 
approves of or undertakes a Gaming Decision that is contrary to the 
recommendation of the CRO or Special Committee; and 
(xv) 
except as expressly permitted by this Agreement or with the prior written 
consent of the Requisite Supporting Lenders, the Company Parties will not: 
(1) 
declare, set aside or pay any dividend or other distribution (whether 
in cash, stock or property or any combination thereof) in respect of 
the capital stock of the Company or another Company Party, or 
redeem, repurchase or otherwise acquire or offer to redeem, 
repurchase, or otherwise acquire any shares of the Company’s or a 
Company Party’s capital stock (other than to another Company 
Party in the ordinary course or pursuant to the Company Parties’ 
executive compensation plans, long-term incentive plans, or tax 
distributions as permitted under the Existing Debt Documents); 
(2) 
enter into or amend, establish, adopt, restate, supplement, or 
otherwise modify or accelerate any deferred compensation, 
incentive, success, retention, bonus, indemnification, or other 
compensation or benefit plans or arrangements, policies, programs, 
practices, plans or agreements, including, without limitation, offer 
letters, employment agreements, consulting agreements, severance 
arrangements, indemnification arrangements, change in control 
agreements or any other similar arrangement or arrangements with 
Case 25-90191   Document 18   Filed in TXSB on 07/14/25   Page 46 of 110

=== page 47 ===
16 
154513756_28 
or for the benefit of any current or former director, manager, officer, 
insider or executive level employee of any Company Party; 
(3) 
adopt, terminate the employment of, or otherwise amend or 
terminate any existing compensation or benefit plans or 
arrangements (including employment agreements) with or for the 
benefit of any current officer of any Company Party without the 
prior authorization of or in contravention of the favorable written 
recommendation of the Special Committee; 
(4) 
make any loan, advance, payment, capital contribution to, or 
investment in or any other similar arrangement or arrangements with 
or for the benefit of any current or former director, manager, officer, 
insider or executive level employee of any Company Party without 
the prior authorization of or in contravention of the favorable written 
recommendation of the Special Committee; 
(5) 
make any loans, advances or capital contributions to, or investments 
in, any other Person that is not a Company Party and is material to 
the Company Parties;  
(6) 
make any material payment in satisfaction of any existing debt; 
(7) 
commence, support or join any litigation or adversary proceeding 
against the Supporting Lenders;  
(8) 
amend, renew, or otherwise modify the Blue Owl Master Lease; or 
(9) 
create, incur, assume or otherwise be liable with respect to any 
indebtedness for borrowed money or guarantees thereof (other than 
with respect to the existing debt). 
(b) 
Additional 
Provisions 
Regarding 
Company 
Parties’ 
Commitments.  
Notwithstanding anything to the contrary in this Agreement, nothing in this 
Agreement shall: (1) affect the ability of any Company Party to consult with any 
Supporting Lender, the Supporting Shareholder, or any other holder of Claims 
against or Existing Interests in the Company Parties, or any party-in-interest in the 
Chapter 11 Cases; (2) impair or waive the rights of any Company Party to assert or 
raise any objection permitted under this Agreement or any Definitive Document in 
connection with the Transactions; (3) prevent any Company Party from enforcing 
this Agreement or any Definitive Document or asserting or contesting whether any 
matter, fact, or thing is a breach of, or is inconsistent with, this Agreement or any 
Definitive Document; or (4) prevent any Company Party, or the board of directors, 
board of managers, or similar governing body of a Company Party (or any member 
thereof), from taking any action or refraining to take any action to the extent that it 
determines (after consultation with outside counsel) that taking or failing to take 
such action would be inconsistent with applicable Law or its fiduciary obligations 
under applicable Law; provided, that if any Company Party proposes to take any 
Case 25-90191   Document 18   Filed in TXSB on 07/14/25   Page 47 of 110

=== page 48 ===
17 
154513756_28 
action or refrain from taking any action, in each case, that is otherwise inconsistent 
with this Agreement or the Transactions, to comply with applicable Law or its 
fiduciary obligations, such Company Party shall provide, to the extent possible 
without violating applicable Law or its fiduciary obligations, at least three Business 
Days’ advance written notice to the Parties. 
Section 4. 
Agreements of the Supporting Lenders.  
(a) 
Support of Transactions Generally.  In addition to the other obligations set forth in 
this Agreement and subject to Section 6 hereof, each Supporting Lender, severally 
and not jointly, agrees that for the duration of the Support Period such Supporting 
Lender shall to the extent applicable to such Supporting Lender: 
(i) 
support and take all commercially reasonable actions reasonably necessary 
to facilitate the implementation of the Transactions within the timeframes 
outlined herein and in the Definitive Documents and vote and exercise any 
powers or rights available to it, in each case in favor of any matter requiring 
approval to the extent necessary to implement the Transactions; 
(ii) 
not seek, solicit, encourage, propose, file, support, consent to, or vote for, 
or enter into or participate in any discussions, agreements, understandings 
or other arrangements with any Entity regarding, or pursue or consummate, 
any Alternative Transaction; 
(iii) 
negotiate in good faith, enter into, implement and effectuate the Definitive 
Documents to which it is required to be a party; provided, that no 
Supporting Lender shall be obligated to (A) waive (to the extent such 
Supporting Lender has the power or right to waive) any condition to the 
consummation of any part of the Transactions set forth in any Definitive 
Document or (B) approve any Definitive Document that is not in form and 
substance consistent with this Agreement (including the Transaction Term 
Sheet) and the consent rights set forth herein;  
(iv) 
not initiate or have initiated on its behalf, or permit to exist, any Proceeding 
of any kind with respect to this Agreement, the Definitive Documents, the 
Transactions, or the other Parties other than to enforce this Agreement or 
any Definitive Document or as otherwise permitted under this Agreement; 
(v) 
not exercise, or direct any other Entity to exercise, any right or remedy for 
the enforcement, collection, or recovery of any claims against the Company 
Parties, including any Existing Term Loans; provided, that nothing in this 
Agreement shall prevent any Supporting Lender from enforcing this 
Agreement or any other Definitive Document or claims as otherwise 
expressly permitted under this Agreement; 
(vi) 
subject to the Company Parties’ compliance with Section 2(e)(i)(z), 
negotiate in good faith concerning financing arrangements for the 
prepetition period and the Chapter 11 Cases, including consensual use of 
Case 25-90191   Document 18   Filed in TXSB on 07/14/25   Page 48 of 110

=== page 49 ===
18 
154513756_28 
cash collateral and, if necessary, debtor-in-possession financing for the 
Company Parties; provided, that the foregoing shall not constitute any 
commitment or undertaking to extend financing to any Company Party;  
(vii) 
promptly notify the Company Parties, as soon as reasonably practicable 
(and in no event more than three Business Days after the occurrence thereof) 
as to: (A) the occurrence, or failure to occur, of any event of which the 
Supporting Lender is aware that would be likely to cause such Supporting 
Lender to be unable to satisfy any condition precedent in the Definitive 
Documents; and (B) any breach of any obligations, representations, 
warranties, or covenants set forth in this Agreement by such Supporting 
Lender to the extent such information is not otherwise publicly known or 
already known by the Company Parties; and 
(viii) refrain from directly or indirectly taking any action that would be 
inconsistent with this Agreement and the Transactions unless otherwise 
required by Law. 
(b) 
Additional Existing Term Loans.  Each Supporting Lender agrees to be bound by 
this Agreement in respect of all Existing Term Loans set forth on its signature page 
to this Agreement (including any Joinder Agreement signature page).  If any 
Supporting Lender acquires or has executed an agreement to acquire additional 
Existing Term Loans (whether directly or indirectly and including by way of 
assignment or participation), such Supporting Lender agrees that all such additional 
Existing Term Loans shall automatically and immediately be deemed to be subject 
to the provisions of this Agreement and such Supporting Lender shall notify the 
Company Advisors within three Business Days of acquiring such additional 
Existing Term Loans.   
(c) 
Transfers.  Each Supporting Lender agrees that, for the duration of the Support 
Period, and in addition to any transfer restrictions in the Existing Credit 
Agreements, it shall not sell, transfer, loan, issue, hypothecate, assign, grant, 
encumber, or otherwise dispose of (including by way of participation), directly or 
indirectly, in whole or in part, any Existing Term Loans or other Claims against 
any Company Party now or hereafter directly or beneficially owned or controlled 
by such Supporting Lender (and any investment funds, accounts, and other 
investment vehicles managed by such Party) or for which it now or hereafter serves 
as the nominee, investment manager, or advisor for beneficial holders, as 
applicable, or any option thereon or any right or interest therein (including granting 
any proxies, depositing any such Existing Term Loans or Claims into a voting trust, 
or entering into a voting agreement with respect to any such Existing Term Loans) 
(collectively, a “Transfer”), unless the Transfer complies with the below 
requirements:  
(i) 
the Transfer must be made either (A) to another Supporting Lender or (B) if 
the transferee of Existing Term Loans (the “Transferee”) is not a Supporting 
Lender, then before the effectiveness of such Transfer, after such proposed 
Case 25-90191   Document 18   Filed in TXSB on 07/14/25   Page 49 of 110

=== page 50 ===
19 
154513756_28 
Transferee agrees in writing to become a Supporting Lender and to be 
bound by all of the terms of this Agreement applicable to a Supporting 
Lender (including with respect to all Existing Term Loans and other Claims 
against any Company Party the Transferee already may then or 
subsequently own or control) by executing a joinder agreement, in form and 
substance substantially similar to the form attached to this Agreement as 
Exhibit B (each, a “Joinder Agreement”); 
(ii) 
the Transferee delivers an executed copy of the Joinder Agreement to the 
Company Advisors (in accordance with the notice provisions set forth in 
Section 20 hereof and before the effectiveness of such Transfer), (x) the 
Transferee (and any investment funds, accounts, and other investment 
vehicles managed by such Transferee) shall be deemed to be a Supporting 
Lender hereunder with respect to all of its directly or beneficially owned or 
controlled Existing Term Loans and other Claims against any Company 
Party and (y) the transferor Supporting Lender shall be deemed to relinquish 
its rights, and be released from its obligations, under this Agreement other 
than any liability for its breach or non-performance of its obligations 
hereunder before the effectiveness of such Joinder Agreement and other 
than on account of any Existing Term Loans or other Claims against any 
Company Party that such Supporting Lender continues to own; and 
(iii) 
if at the time of a proposed Transfer to a Qualified Marketmaker, such 
Existing Term Loans may be tendered or consent solicited with respect to 
the Transaction, then the proposed transferor must first tender or consent 
with respect to such Existing Term Loans in accordance with Section 4(a). 
A Qualified Marketmaker that acquires any Existing Term Loans or other Claims against 
any Company Party with the purpose and intent of acting as a Qualified Marketmaker for such 
Existing Term Loans shall not be required to execute and deliver a Joinder Agreement or otherwise 
become a Supporting Lender in respect of such Existing Term Loans if (i) such Qualified 
Marketmaker subsequently transfers such Existing Term Loans or other Claims against any 
Company Party (by purchase, sale assignment, participation, or otherwise) within ten Business 
Days of its acquisition, to a transferee that is an Entity that is not an Affiliate, affiliated fund, or 
affiliated Entity with a common investment advisor; and (ii) the Transfer otherwise is a permitted 
Transfer under this Section 4(c). To the extent that a Supporting Lender is acting in its capacity as 
a Qualified Marketmaker, it may Transfer any right, title or interests in Existing Term Loans and 
other Claims against any Company Party that the Qualified Marketmaker acquires from a holder 
of the Existing Term Loans that is not a Supporting Lender without the requirement that the 
transferee be a Transferee under this Section 4(c). 
 
Each Supporting Lender agrees that any Transfer of any Existing Term Loans that does not 
comply with the terms and procedures set forth in this Section 4(c) shall be deemed void ab initio, 
and the Company Parties and each other Party shall have the right to enforce the voiding of such 
Transfer and the terms hereof.   
 
Case 25-90191   Document 18   Filed in TXSB on 07/14/25   Page 50 of 110

=== page 51 ===
20 
154513756_28 
(d) 
Additional Provisions Regarding the Supporting Lenders’ Commitments.  
Notwithstanding anything to the contrary in this Agreement, nothing in this 
Agreement shall: (i) affect the ability of any Supporting Lender to consult with any 
other Term Lender or the Supporting Shareholder or the Company Parties; (ii) 
impair or waive the rights of any Supporting Lender to assert or raise any objection 
permitted under this Agreement or any Definitive Document in connection with the 
Transactions; (iii) prevent any Supporting Lender from enforcing this Agreement 
or any Definitive Document or asserting or contesting whether any matter, fact, or 
thing is a breach of, or is inconsistent with, this Agreement or any Definitive 
Document; (iv) limit the ability of a Supporting Lender to purchase, sell, or enter 
into any transactions regarding any claims against any Company Party, including 
the Existing Term Loans, or the Company Parties’ Existing Interests, subject to the 
terms of this Agreement; (v) except as and to the extent explicitly set forth in this 
Agreement, constitute a waiver or amendment of any term or provision of, or alter 
or diminish any right or obligation in, any Debt Document; (vi) except as and to the 
extent explicitly set forth in this Agreement, constitute a termination or release of 
any liens on, or security interests in, any of the assets or properties of the Company 
Parties that secure the obligations under any Debt Document; (vii) except as and to 
the extent explicitly set forth in this Agreement, require any Supporting Lender to 
incur, assume, become liable in respect of or suffer to exist any expenses, liabilities, 
or other obligations, or agree to or become bound by any commitments, 
undertakings, concessions, indemnities, or other arrangements that could result in 
expenses, liabilities, or other obligations to such Supporting Lender; (viii) prevent 
a Supporting Lender from taking any action that is required in order to comply with 
applicable Law or failing to take any action that may conflict or is inconsistent with 
such Supporting Lenders’ governing documents, internal policies, or applicable 
Law; provided, that if any Supporting Lender proposes to take any action that is 
otherwise inconsistent with this Agreement or the Transactions to comply with 
applicable Law, such Supporting Lender shall provide, to the extent possible 
without violating applicable Law, at least three Business Days’ advance, written 
notice to the Parties; or (ix) require any Supporting Lender to fund or commit to 
fund any additional amounts (other than as agreed herein) without such Supporting 
Lender’s express written consent. 
Section 5. 
Agreements of the Supporting Shareholder.   
(a) 
Support of Transactions.  In addition to the other obligations set forth in this 
Agreement and subject to Section 6 hereof, the Supporting Shareholder agrees that 
for the duration of the Support Period it shall: 
(i) 
support, pursue, and take in good faith all reasonably necessary and 
appropriate actions to maintain all licenses necessary for the Company 
Parties to operate in the ordinary course of business and otherwise promptly 
take all steps necessary to obtain approval by the Regulatory Entities of the 
Transactions or such other related actions necessary to effectuate the 
Transactions, as may be requested by the Company Parties or the Requisite 
Supporting Lenders; 
Case 25-90191   Document 18   Filed in TXSB on 07/14/25   Page 51 of 110

=== page 52 ===
21 
154513756_28 
(ii) 
support, pursue, and promptly take in good faith all actions reasonably 
requested by the Company Parties to facilitate the appointment of personnel 
from the Replacement Operator as an officer or key employee at each of the 
Licensed Operator Affiliates, consistent with Section 2(a); 
(iii) 
subject to compliance with Gaming Laws, with respect to any Gaming 
Decisions of the Licensed Operator Affiliates and subject to the terms of the 
Transition Services Agreement when executed, consult with the CRO (who 
shall in turn consult with the Special Committee) and obtain their 
recommendation regarding any Gaming Decisions before any such decision 
is approved or undertaken by the applicable entity; 
(iv) 
support, pursue, and take in good faith all reasonably necessary and 
appropriate actions to cause each Licensed Operator Affiliate to 
(A) conduct its business and operations in the ordinary course in a manner 
that is consistent with past practices and in compliance with Law; and (B) 
to preserve intact its business organizations and relationships with trade 
creditors, lessors, licensors, vendors, customers, suppliers, distributors, 
Governmental Bodies, and employees; 
(v) 
support and take all commercially reasonable actions reasonably necessary 
to facilitate the implementation of the Transactions, including any required 
transfer of assets in connection therewith, within the timeframes outlined 
herein and in the Definitive Documents and vote and exercise any powers 
or rights available to it, in each case in favor of any matter requiring 
approval to the extent necessary to implement the Transactions; 
(vi) 
not seek, solicit, encourage, propose, file, support, consent to, or vote for, 
or enter into or participate in any discussions, agreements, understandings 
or other arrangements with any Entity regarding, or pursue or consummate, 
any Alternative Transaction; 
(vii) 
negotiate in good faith, enter into, implement and effectuate the Definitive 
Documents to which it is required to be a party within the timeframes 
contemplated herein; provided, that the Supporting Shareholder shall not be 
obligated to (A) waive (to the extent such Supporting Shareholder has the 
power or right to waive) any condition to the consummation of any part of 
the Transactions set forth in any Definitive Document or (B) approve any 
Definitive Document that is not that is not in form and substance consistent 
with this Agreement (including the Transaction Term Sheet) and the 
consent rights set forth herein; 
(viii) promptly notify the Supporting Lenders and the Company Parties, as soon 
as reasonably practicable (and in no event more than three Business Days 
after the occurrence thereof) as to: (A) the occurrence, or failure to occur, 
of any event of which the Supporting Shareholder is or would be aware 
upon reasonable inquiry that would be likely to cause such Supporting 
Case 25-90191   Document 18   Filed in TXSB on 07/14/25   Page 52 of 110

=== page 53 ===
22 
154513756_28 
Shareholder to be unable to satisfy any condition precedent in the Definitive 
Documents; and (B) any breach of any obligations, representations, 
warranties, or covenants set forth in this Agreement to the extent such 
information is not otherwise publicly known or already known by the 
Supporting Lenders Company Parties, in each case, subject to compliance 
with Gaming Laws; 
(ix) 
cooperate in good faith to structure the Transactions in a manner that 
(a) eliminates or minimizes to the maximum extent possible any cash taxes 
payable by the Company Parties, the Supporting Shareholder, and the 
Supporting Lenders as a result of the consummation of the Transactions and 
(b) optimizes the tax efficiency (including, but not limited to, by way of the 
preservation or enhancement of favorable tax attributes) of the Transactions 
to the Company Parties, the Supporting Shareholder, and the Supporting 
Lenders as a result of the consummation of the Transactions, in each case 
as reasonably determined by the Company Parties and the Requisite 
Supporting Lenders; 
(x) 
to the extent any legal or structural impediment arises that would prevent, 
hinder, or delay the consummation of the Transactions, take all steps 
reasonably necessary and desirable to address any such impediment; and 
(xi) 
refrain from directly or indirectly taking any action that would be 
inconsistent with this Agreement and the Transactions unless otherwise 
required by Law. 
(b) 
No Transfer.  The Supporting Shareholder agrees that, for the duration of the 
Support Period, it shall not sell, transfer, loan, issue, hypothecate, assign, grant, 
encumber, or otherwise dispose of (including by way of participation), directly or 
indirectly, in whole or in part, any Existing Interests now or hereafter directly or 
beneficially owned or controlled by the Supporting Shareholder. 
(c) 
Additional Provisions Regarding the Supporting Shareholder’s Commitments.  
Notwithstanding anything to the contrary in this Agreement, nothing in this 
Agreement shall: (i) affect the ability of the Supporting Shareholder to consult with 
any Supporting Lender or the Company Parties; (ii) impair or waive the rights of 
the Supporting Shareholder to assert or raise any objection permitted under this 
Agreement or any Definitive Document in connection with the Transactions; 
(iii) prevent any Supporting Shareholder from enforcing this Agreement or any 
Definitive Document or asserting or contesting whether any matter, fact, or thing is 
a breach of, or is inconsistent with, this Agreement or any Definitive Document; or 
(iv) prevent the Supporting Shareholder from taking any action that is required in 
order to comply with applicable Law; provided, that if the Supporting Shareholder 
proposes to take any action that is otherwise inconsistent with this Agreement or 
the Transactions to comply with applicable Law, such Supporting Shareholder shall 
provide, to the extent possible without violating applicable Law, at least three 
Business Days’ advance written notice to the Parties. 
Case 25-90191   Document 18   Filed in TXSB on 07/14/25   Page 53 of 110

=== page 54 ===
23 
154513756_28 
Section 6. 
Termination of Agreement.   
(a) 
Generally.  No Party may terminate this Agreement if (i) the basis for such 
termination is principally the result of the action or omission of the Party seeking 
to terminate this Agreement or (ii) such Party fails to perform or comply in all 
material respects with the terms and conditions of this Agreement (unless such 
failure to perform or comply arises as a result of another Party’s actions or inactions 
in breach of such other Party’s obligations under this Agreement).  
(b) 
Company Parties Termination Events. Upon written notice from the Company 
Parties to the other Parties delivered in accordance with Section 20, the Company 
Parties may terminate this Agreement at any time as to all Parties after the 
occurrence, and during the continuation, of any of the following events: 
(i) 
the breach in any material respect by one or more of the Supporting Lenders 
of any of the representations, warranties, covenants, or other obligations of 
such Supporting Lender set forth in this Agreement, in each case, that 
remains uncured for a period of the earlier of three Business Days after 
written notice from any Company Party and the Outside Date; provided,  
that if the non-breaching Supporting Lenders still own, control, or 
constitute, (A) before the commencement of Chapter 11 Cases, the 
“Required Lenders” as defined in the Existing Credit Agreement as of such 
date, or (B) after the commencement of Chapter 11 Cases, at least 66-2/3% 
of the aggregate outstanding principal amount of Existing Term Loans, such 
termination shall only be effective as to the breaching Supporting Lender; 
(ii) 
the entry of a final, non-appealable judgment or order by any Governmental 
Body, including any regulatory authority or court of competent jurisdiction, 
of any ruling, judgment, or order enjoining the consummation of a material 
portion of the Transactions such that it would be impossible to consummate 
the Transactions, unless, in each case, such ruling, judgment, or order has 
been issued at the request of the Company Parties, or, in all other 
circumstances, such ruling, judgment or order has been stayed, reversed, or 
vacated within five Business Days after such issuance; 
(iii) 
the Requisite Supporting Lenders collectively publicly announce or state in 
writing their intention to pursue, consummate, or enter into a binding 
agreement to consummate, in each case, an Alternative Transaction; 
(iv) 
the Special Committee determines, after consulting with outside counsel, 
that proceeding with the Transactions (or taking or refraining from taking 
any action with respect to the Transactions that is required to be so taken or 
not taken in accordance with the terms hereof) would be inconsistent with 
the exercise of applicable fiduciary duties or applicable Law;  
Case 25-90191   Document 18   Filed in TXSB on 07/14/25   Page 54 of 110

=== page 55 ===
24 
154513756_28 
(v) 
Bankruptcy Termination Events:  Upon commencement of the Chapter 11 
Cases, the occurrence of the below events will also constitute Termination 
Events: 
(1) 
the Bankruptcy Court enters an order granting relief from the 
automatic stay imposed by section 362 of the Bankruptcy Code that 
would materially and adversely affect the Company Parties’ and 
their subsidiaries’ ability to operate their businesses in the ordinary 
course, unless such order has been issued at the request of the 
Debtors or the Supporting Shareholder or supported by the Debtors; 
(2) 
the Bankruptcy Court enters an order in the Chapter 11 Cases 
terminating any Company Party’s exclusive right to file a plan or 
plans of reorganization or to solicit acceptances thereof pursuant to 
section 1121 of the Bankruptcy Code, unless such order has been 
issued at the request of the Debtors or the Supporting Shareholder 
or supported by the Debtors; 
(3) 
the Bankruptcy Court enters an order denying confirmation of 
the Plan;  
(4) 
any order approving the Plan, the Disclosure Statement, or the  
related solicitation procedures is reversed, dismissed, vacated, 
modified or amended in a manner that is inconsistent in any material 
respect with this Agreement; 
(5) 
the Bankruptcy Court or a court of competent jurisdiction enters an 
order (A) converting the Chapter 11 Cases to cases under chapter 7 
of the Bankruptcy Code, (B) dismissing the Chapter 11 Cases, or 
(C) appointing a trustee for the Chapter 11 Cases, which order in 
each case has not been reversed, stayed, or vacated by the later of 
(I) the date on which the Bankruptcy Court confirms the Plan and 
(II) ten (10) Business Days after the Company Parties provide 
written notice to the other Parties that such order is materially 
inconsistent with this Agreement; 
(6) 
the Supporting Lenders file any motion or pleading with the 
Bankruptcy Court that is materially inconsistent with this 
Agreement, and such motion has not been withdrawn or amended 
within three Business Days of receipt by the filing Supporting 
Lenders, of written notice from the terminating Company Parties 
that such motion or pleading is inconsistent with this Agreement; or 
(vi) 
the Closing Date has not occurred by the Outside Date; 
(c) 
Requisite Supporting Lenders Termination Events.  Upon written notice from the 
Requisite Supporting Lenders to the other Parties delivered in accordance with 
Section 20 hereof, the Requisite Supporting Lenders may terminate this Agreement 
Case 25-90191   Document 18   Filed in TXSB on 07/14/25   Page 55 of 110

=== page 56 ===
25 
154513756_28 
at any time as to all Parties after the occurrence, and during the continuation, of any 
of the following events: 
(i) 
the breach in any material respect by any Company Party or by the 
Supporting 
Shareholder 
of 
any 
of 
its 
covenants, 
obligations, 
representations, or warranties contained in this Agreement, in each case, 
that remains uncured for a period of the earlier of three Business Days after 
written notice from the Requisite Supporting Lenders and the Outside Date; 
(ii) 
the failure of the Company Parties or the Supporting Shareholder to comply 
with any obligation in Section 2 or any Additional Agreed Milestone; 
(iii) 
the entry of a judgment or order by any Governmental Body, including any 
regulatory authority or court of competent jurisdiction, of any ruling, 
judgment, or order enjoining the consummation of a material portion of the 
Transactions such that it would be impossible to consummate the 
Transactions, unless, in each case, such ruling, judgment, or order has been 
issued at the request of the Supporting Lenders, or, in all other 
circumstances, such ruling, judgment or order has been stayed, reversed, or 
vacated within five Business Days after such issuance;  
(iv) 
any Definitive Document is entered into, amended, supplemented, or 
otherwise modified in a manner that is inconsistent with the terms of this 
Agreement without the consent of the Requisite Supporting Lenders; 
(v) 
subject to any confidentiality restrictions, failure by any Company Party to 
promptly provide the Ad Hoc Group Advisors, timely responses to all 
reasonable diligence requests and any documentation or information that is 
reasonably requested by the Ad Hoc Group Advisors and such failure 
remains uncured for a period of five Business Days after notice from the 
Requisite Supporting Lenders; 
(vi) 
any Company Party or the Supporting Shareholder (A)(I) publicly 
announces or states in writing its intention to pursue, (II) consummates, or 
(III) enters into a binding agreement to consummate, in each case, an 
Alternative Transaction or (B) publicly announces, or states in writing its 
intention to not pursue the Transactions, subject to Section 3(b) of this 
Agreement; 
(vii) 
except as otherwise expressly set forth in this Agreement, failure of any 
Company Party to (A) conduct its businesses and operations in the ordinary 
course in a manner that is consistent with past practices and in compliance 
with applicable Law, (B) maintain its books and records in the ordinary 
course in a manner that is consistent with past practices, and in compliance 
with applicable Law, (C) maintain all insurance policies, or suitable 
replacements therefor, in full force and effect, in a manner that is consistent 
with past practices, and in compliance with applicable Law, (D) preserve 
Case 25-90191   Document 18   Filed in TXSB on 07/14/25   Page 56 of 110

=== page 57 ===
26 
154513756_28 
intact its business organizations and relationships with third parties 
(including creditors, lessors, licensors, and contract counterparties) and 
employees in the ordinary course in a manner that is consistent with past 
practices, and in compliance with appliable law; or (E) maintain all gaming 
and other licenses required to operate in the ordinary course of business; 
(viii) during the Support Period, the Company Parties or Supporting Shareholder 
(A) amend the authority, constitution, or scope of the CRO or the Special 
Committee, (B) fail to seek the favorable recommendation of the CRO  
(who shall in turn seek the favorable recommendation of the Special 
Committee) before approving or undertaking any Gaming Decisions, or 
(C) at any Licensed Operator Affiliate, terminate the employment or limit 
the scope of duties of, or otherwise amend or terminate any existing 
compensation or benefit plans or arrangements (including employment 
agreements) with or for the benefit of Mr. Seery (or a successor), in 
contravention of the favorable recommendation of the Special Committee. 
(ix) 
the occurrence during the Support Period of a default of any operating 
covenant contained in Article IX or Article X of the Existing Credit 
Agreement, and such default has not been cured within five Business Days 
of notice by the Requisite Supporting Lenders; 
(x) 
failure of any Company Party to maintain its good standing under the laws 
of the state or other jurisdiction in which it is incorporated or organized, 
except to the extent that any failure to maintain such Company Party’s good 
standing arises (A) solely from the filing of the Chapter 11 Cases or 
(B) pursuant to the Plan; 
(xi) 
the Company Parties (including any Licensed Operator Affiliate) pay or 
cause to be paid to or for the benefit of the Supporting Shareholder fees, 
expenses, reimbursements, benefits, compensation, or consideration 
(exclusive of payment of any License-Related Rent Payments (as defined 
in the Transaction Term Sheet)) in the aggregate in excess of $550,000; 
(xii) 
failure of the Company Parties to pay all Transaction Expenses, as and when 
required under this Agreement, if such failure is not cured within five 
Business Days of notice by the Requisite Supporting Lenders, as applicable; 
and 
(xiii) Bankruptcy Termination Events:  Upon commencement of the Chapter 11 
Cases, the occurrence of the below events will also constitute Termination 
Events: 
(1) 
any Company Party withdraws the Plan or its support therefor;  
(2) 
any Company Party seeks or obtains an order of the Bankruptcy 
Court authorizing the rejection of this Agreement; 
Case 25-90191   Document 18   Filed in TXSB on 07/14/25   Page 57 of 110

=== page 58 ===
27 
154513756_28 
(3) 
the Bankruptcy Court enters an order granting relief from the 
automatic stay imposed by section 362 of the Bankruptcy Code that 
would materially and adversely affect the Company Parties’ and 
their subsidiaries’ ability to operate their businesses in the ordinary 
course; 
(4) 
the Bankruptcy Court enters an order invalidating, disallowing, 
subordinating, recharacterizing, or limiting, as applicable, any of the 
Supporting Lenders’ Existing Term Loans or Claims arising from 
Existing Debt Documents; 
(5) 
the Bankruptcy Court enters an order in the Chapter 11 Cases 
terminating any Company Party’s exclusive right to file a plan or 
plans of reorganization or to solicit acceptances thereof pursuant to 
section 1121 of the Bankruptcy Code;  
(6) 
the Bankruptcy Court enters an order denying confirmation of 
the Plan;  
(7) 
(A) any order approving the Plan, the Disclosure Statement, or the  
related solicitation procedures is reversed, dismissed, vacated, 
modified or amended in a manner that is inconsistent in any material 
respect with this Agreement, or (B) a motion for reconsideration, 
reargument, or rehearing with respect to any such order has been 
filed in the Bankruptcy Court and the Company Parties have failed 
to timely object to such motion; 
(8) 
the failure of the Debtors to timely file a formal objection to any 
motion filed with the Bankruptcy Court seeking the entry of an order 
(A) directing the appointment of a trustee or examiner, (B) 
converting the Chapter 11 Cases to cases under chapter 7 of the 
Bankruptcy Code, or (C) dismissing the Chapter 11 Cases; 
(9) 
the Bankruptcy Court or a court of competent jurisdiction enters an 
order (A) converting the Chapter 11 Cases to cases under chapter 7 
of the Bankruptcy Code, (B) dismissing the Chapter 11 Cases, or 
(C) appointing a trustee for the Chapter 11 Cases; 
(10) 
any Company Party or the Supporting Shareholder files any motion 
or pleading with the Bankruptcy Court that is materially inconsistent 
with this Agreement, and such motion has not been withdrawn or 
amended within three Business Days of receipt by the filing 
Company Party or the Supporting Shareholder, as applicable, of 
written notice from the terminating Supporting Lenders that such 
motion or pleading is inconsistent with this Agreement; 
(xiv) the Closing Date has not occurred by the Outside Date. 
Case 25-90191   Document 18   Filed in TXSB on 07/14/25   Page 58 of 110

=== page 59 ===
28 
154513756_28 
(d) 
Supporting Shareholder Termination Events.  Upon written notice from the 
Supporting Shareholder to the other Parties delivered in accordance with Section 20 
hereof, the Supporting Shareholder may terminate this Agreement at any time as to 
all Parties after the occurrence, and during the continuation, of any of the following 
events: 
(i) 
the breach in any material respect by one or more of the Supporting Lenders 
of any of the representations, warranties, covenants, or other obligations of 
such Supporting Lender set forth in this Agreement, in each case, that 
remains uncured for three Business Days after written notice from the 
Supporting Shareholder; provided, that if the non-breaching Supporting 
Lenders still own, control, or constitute, (A) before the commencement of 
Chapter 11 Cases, the “Required Lenders” as defined in the Existing Credit 
Agreement as of such date, or (B) after the commencement of Chapter 11 
Cases, at least 66-2/3% of the aggregate outstanding principal amount of 
Existing Term Loans, such termination shall only be effective as to the 
breaching Supporting Lender; 
(ii) 
the entry of a final, non-appealable judgment or order by any Governmental 
Body, including any regulatory authority or court of competent jurisdiction, 
of any ruling, judgment, or order enjoining the consummation of a material 
portion of the Transactions such that it would be impossible to consummate 
the Transactions, unless, in each case, such ruling, judgment, or order has 
been issued at the request of the Supporting Shareholder, or, in all other 
circumstances, such ruling, judgment or order has been stayed, reversed, or 
vacated within five Business Days after such issuance; 
(iii) 
the Bankruptcy Court or a court of competent jurisdiction enters an order 
(A) converting the Chapter 11 Cases to cases under chapter 7 of the 
Bankruptcy Code, (B) dismissing the Chapter 11 Cases, or (C) appointing a 
trustee for the Chapter 11 Cases, which order in each case has not been 
reversed, stayed, or vacated by the later of (I) the date on which the 
Bankruptcy Court confirms the Plan and (II) ten (10) Business Days after 
the Company Parties provide written notice to the other Parties that such 
order is materially inconsistent with this Agreement; or 
(iv) 
the Closing Date has not occurred by the Outside Date.  
(e) 
Mutual Termination. This Agreement may be terminated by mutual written 
agreement among the Company Parties, the Supporting Shareholder, and the 
Requisite Supporting Lenders. 
(f) 
Automatic Termination. This Agreement shall automatically terminate (i) upon the 
Closing Date or (ii) other than with the consent of the Requisite Supporting 
Lenders, upon the commencement of a voluntary or involuntary proceeding seeking 
bankruptcy, winding up, dissolution, liquidation, administration, moratorium, 
reorganization, assignment for the benefit of creditors or other relief in respect of 
Case 25-90191   Document 18   Filed in TXSB on 07/14/25   Page 59 of 110

=== page 60 ===
29 
154513756_28 
any Company Party, or its debts, or a substantial part of their assets, under any 
federal, state or foreign bankruptcy, insolvency, administrative, receivership or 
similar Law now or hereinafter in effect; provided, that with respect to an 
involuntary proceeding, such involuntary proceeding is not dismissed within a 
period of seven days after the filing thereof or any court order grants the relief 
sought in petitions for such involuntary proceeding. 
(g) 
Effect of Termination. If this Agreement is terminated pursuant to Section 6 hereof 
before closing the Transactions, then (i) the obligations of the terminating Parties 
under this Agreement shall terminate and each such Party shall be immediately 
released from its obligations, commitments, undertakings and agreements 
hereunder and will have all the rights and remedies that it would have had and will 
be entitled to take all actions that it would have been entitled to take had it not 
entered into this Agreement, including all rights under the Existing Debt 
Documents; provided, however, that in no event shall any such termination relieve 
any Party from (x) liability for its breach or non-performance of its obligations 
under this Agreement before termination with respect to such Party or 
(y) obligations under this Agreement which by their terms expressly survive 
termination of this Agreement.  Nothing in this Agreement shall be construed as 
prohibiting a Company Party or any of the Supporting Stakeholders from contesting 
whether any such termination is in accordance with its terms or to seek enforcement 
of any rights under this Agreement that arose or existed before the applicable 
terminate date.  Except as expressly provided in this Agreement, nothing herein is 
intended to, or does, in any manner waive, limit, impair, or restrict any right or 
ability of any Company Party or Supporting Stakeholders to protect and preserve 
its rights (including rights under this Agreement), remedies, and interests, including 
its claims against any other Party.  
Section 7. 
Good Faith Cooperation; Further Assurances; Acknowledgement.  
Each Party shall cooperate with one another in good faith and shall coordinate their 
activities with one another (to the extent practicable and subject to the terms hereof) in respect of: 
(a) all matters concerning the negotiation and implementation of the Transactions; (b) the pursuit 
and support of the Transactions; and (c) the negotiation, drafting and execution and delivery of the 
Definitive Documents.  Furthermore, subject to the terms hereof, each of the Parties shall take such 
actions as may be reasonably necessary to carry out the purposes and intent of this Agreement and 
the Transactions and shall refrain from taking any action that would frustrate the purposes and 
intent of this Agreement and the Transactions.   
Section 8. 
Representations and Warranties. 
(a) 
Each of the Parties, as applicable, severally and not jointly, represents and warrants 
to the other Parties that the following statements are true, correct and complete as 
of the date hereof (or as of the date a Transferee becomes a party hereto): 
(i) 
such Party is validly existing and in good standing under the Laws of its 
jurisdiction of incorporation or organization, has all requisite corporate, 
Case 25-90191   Document 18   Filed in TXSB on 07/14/25   Page 60 of 110

=== page 61 ===
30 
154513756_28 
partnership, limited liability company, or similar power and authority to 
enter into this Agreement, perform its obligations hereunder, and carry out 
the Transactions, and the execution and delivery of this Agreement by such 
Party and the performance of such Party’s obligations under this Agreement 
have been duly authorized by all necessary corporate, limited liability 
company, partnership, or other similar action on its part; 
(ii) 
this Agreement is the legally valid and binding obligation of such Party, 
enforceable in accordance with its terms, except as the enforcement thereof 
may be limited by bankruptcy, insolvency, reorganization, moratorium or 
other similar laws relating to or affecting the rights and remedies of 
creditors or by general equitable principles; and 
(iii) 
the entry into and performance by it of, and the transaction contemplated 
by, this Agreement do not, and will not (assuming consummation of the 
Transactions), conflict in any material respect with any Law applicable to 
such Party. 
(b) 
Each Company Party severally and not jointly represents and warrants that as of 
the date hereof:  
(i) 
the Company Parties listed on Schedule 1 hereto collectively own all of the 
gaming facilities and related assets comprising and used in the business of 
the Company Parties; and 
(ii) 
the Licensed Operator Affiliates set forth in Section 1(dd) comprise all of 
the gaming operator entities involved in the business of the Company 
Parties. 
(c) 
Each Supporting Stakeholder severally and not jointly represents and warrants that, 
as of the date hereof (or as of the date such Supporting Stakeholder becomes a party 
hereto): 
(i) 
it is the sole beneficial owner or investment advisor or manager for the 
account of beneficial owners of the Existing Term Loans, other Claims 
against the Company Parties and Existing Interests set forth below its name 
on the signature page hereof (or below its name on the signature page of a 
Joinder Agreement for any Supporting Stakeholder that becomes a party 
hereto after the date hereof), or has, with respect to the beneficial owners of 
such Existing Term Loans, other Claims against the Company Parties and 
Existing Interests, (1) full power and authority to consent to matters 
concerning such Existing Term Loans, other Claims against the Company 
Parties and Existing Interests or to exchange, assign, and Transfer such 
Existing Term Loans and Existing Interests; or (2) full power and authority 
to bind, or act on behalf of, such beneficial owners with respect to such 
Existing Term Loans, other Claims against the Company Parties and 
Existing Interests; 
Case 25-90191   Document 18   Filed in TXSB on 07/14/25   Page 61 of 110

=== page 62 ===
31 
154513756_28 
(ii) 
it has made no prior assignment, sale, participation, grant, encumbrance, 
conveyance, or other Transfer of, and has not entered into any other 
agreement to assign, sell, participate, grant, encumber, convey, or otherwise 
Transfer, in whole or in part, any portion of its right, title, or interests in any 
Existing Term Loans, other Claims against the Company Parties or Existing 
Interests that is inconsistent with the representations and warranties of such 
Supporting Stakeholder herein or would render such Supporting 
Stakeholder otherwise unable to comply with this Agreement and perform 
its obligations hereunder; 
(iii) 
the Existing Term Loans, other Claims against the Company Parties and 
Existing Interests set forth below its signature hereto (or below its name on 
the signature page of a Joinder Agreement for any Supporting Stakeholder 
that becomes a party hereto after the date hereof) are free and clear of any 
pledge, lien, security interest, charge, encumbrance, claim, equity, option, 
proxy, voting restriction, right of first refusal, or other limitation on 
disposition or encumbrance of any kind, that would adversely affect in any 
way its performance of its obligations contained in this Agreement at the 
time such obligations are required to be performed; and 
(iv) 
it (and any investment funds, accounts, and other investment vehicles 
managed by such Party) directly or beneficially owns or controls or 
investment advisor or manager for the account of beneficial owners no 
Existing Term Loans, other Claims against the Company Parties or Existing 
Interests that have not been set forth on the signature page hereof (or below 
its name on the signature page of a Joinder Agreement for any Supporting 
Stakeholder that becomes a party hereto after the date hereof). 
Section 9. 
Amendments and Waivers.  This Agreement may not be modified, amended, or 
supplemented except in a writing signed by the Company Parties and the Requisite Supporting 
Lenders; provided, that any modification, amendment, waiver or supplement (a) to this Section 9 
requires the consent of each Party; (b) to the definition of “Requisite Supporting Lenders” requires 
the consent of each Supporting Lender; (c) that adversely affects the economic treatment of the 
Existing Term Loans held by any Party in a manner that is disproportionate to the Existing Term 
Loans held by similarly situated parties shall require the written consent of such Party; and (d) to 
Section 5, Section 6(d), the PokerCo Stalking Horse Agreements, or the Definitive Documents 
solely as they relate to the “Other Shareholder Provisions” in the Transaction Term Sheet, require 
the consent of the Supporting Shareholder.  Any modification, amendment, waiver, or supplement 
to a Definitive Document that is in effect in accordance with the terms thereof will be governed as 
set forth in such Definitive Document.  In determining whether any consent or approval has been 
given or obtained by the Requisite Supporting Lenders or the Supporting Shareholder, any party 
that is in breach of its covenants, obligations, or representations under this Agreement shall be 
excluded from such determination.  
Section 10. 
Effectiveness. This Agreement shall become effective and binding upon each Party 
upon the Support Effective Date or, if such Party joins this Agreement via a Joinder Agreement, 
upon the date of such Joinder Agreement.  
Case 25-90191   Document 18   Filed in TXSB on 07/14/25   Page 62 of 110

=== page 63 ===
32 
154513756_28 
Section 11. 
GOVERNING LAW; JURISDICTION; WAIVER OF JURY TRIAL. THIS 
AGREEMENT AND ANY DISPUTE, CLAIM, COUNTERCLAIM OR CAUSE OF ACTION 
(WHETHER IN CONTRACT, TORT OR OTHERWISE AND WHETHER IN EQUITY OR AT 
LAW) ARISING UNDER, OUT OF OR IN CONNECTION WITH THIS AGREEMENT SHALL 
BE GOVERNED BY AND CONSTRUED IN ACCORDANCE WITH THE INTERNAL LAWS 
OF THE STATE OF NEW YORK, WITHOUT REGARD TO ANY CONFLICTS OF LAW 
PROVISIONS WHICH WOULD REQUIRE THE APPLICATION OF THE LAW OF ANY 
OTHER JURISDICTION. BY EXECUTION AND DELIVERY OF THIS AGREEMENT, EACH 
OF THE PARTIES HEREBY IRREVOCABLY AND UNCONDITIONALLY AGREES THAT 
ANY LEGAL ACTION, SUIT, DISPUTE, OR PROCEEDING (WHETHER IN CONTRACT, 
TORT OR OTHERWISE AND WHETHER IN EQUITY OR AT LAW) ARISING UNDER, OUT 
OF OR IN CONNECTION WITH THIS AGREEMENT SHALL BE BROUGHT IN THE 
FEDERAL OR STATE COURTS LOCATED IN THE STATE OF NEW YORK, COUNTY OF 
NEW YORK, AND THE PARTIES HERETO IRREVOCABLY CONSENT TO THE 
JURISDICTION OF SUCH COURTS AND WAIVE ANY OBJECTIONS AS TO VENUE OR 
INCONVENIENT FORUM. EACH PARTY IRREVOCABLY WAIVES ANY AND ALL 
RIGHT TO TRIAL BY JURY IN ANY LEGAL PROCEEDING (WHETHER IN CONTRACT, 
TORT OR OTHERWISE AND WHETHER IN EQUITY OR AT LAW) ARISING OUT OF OR 
RELATING TO THIS AGREEMENT OR THE TRANSACTIONS CONTEMPLATED 
HEREBY. 
Section 12. 
Specific Performance/Remedies. Each Party hereto recognizes and acknowledges 
that a breach by it of any covenants or agreements contained in this Agreement will cause other 
Parties to sustain damages for which such Parties would not have an adequate remedy at law for 
money damages, and therefore each Party agrees that in the event of any such breach, in addition 
to any other remedy to which such non-breaching Party may be entitled, including but not limited 
to monetary damages, at Law or in equity, such non-breaching Party shall be entitled, to the extent 
available, to the remedy of specific performance of such covenants and agreements including 
without limitation, to seek the order of any court of competent jurisdiction requiring any Party to 
comply promptly with any of its obligations hereunder.  Each Party agrees to waive any 
requirement for the securing or posting of a bond in connection with such remedy. 
Section 13. 
Disclosure; Publicity; Non-Disparagement. The Company Parties shall submit 
drafts to the Ad Hoc Group Advisors of any press releases and public documents that constitute 
disclosure of the existence or terms of this Agreement or any amendment to the terms of this 
Agreement at least two Business Days before making any such disclosure, and shall afford them a 
reasonable opportunity under the circumstances to comment on such documents and disclosures 
and shall incorporate any such reasonable comments in good faith; provided, that nothing 
contained in this Section 13 shall apply to disclosures made by the Company Parties to any 
Supporting Stakeholder in furtherance of the Transactions.  No Party or its advisors shall use the 
name of any Supporting Lender in any public manner (including in any press release or public 
filing) with respect to this Agreement, the Transactions, or any of the Definitive Documents 
without such Supporting Lender’s consent.  During the Support Period, no Party shall make 
directly or indirectly, any public statement, written or oral, that materially disparages and adversely 
affects the business, products, services, or reputation of the Company Parties, the Supporting 
Shareholder, the Supporting Lenders, or their affiliates, or any of their respective officers, 
managers, directors, or employees; provided, that nothing in this Section 13 shall prevent such 
Case 25-90191   Document 18   Filed in TXSB on 07/14/25   Page 63 of 110

=== page 64 ===
33 
154513756_28 
Entity from (a) giving truthful testimony or making truthful statements in the course of any legal 
proceeding compelled through subpoena, (b) providing truthful information pursuant to 
investigation by any Governmental Body, (c) engaging in the conduct described in Section 26 
below, or (d) otherwise complying with applicable Law. 
Section 14. 
Survival. Notwithstanding the termination of this Agreement pursuant to Section 6 
hereof, the agreements and obligations of the Parties in Section 12, Section 13, this Section 14, 
Section 16, Section 17, Section 18,  Section 19, Section 20, Section 21, Section 22, Section 24, 
Section 25, Section 26, and Section 27 (solely with respect to accrued Transaction Expenses as of 
the date of termination) hereof shall survive such termination and shall continue in full force and 
effect in accordance with the terms hereof. 
Section 15. 
Headings. The headings of the sections, paragraphs, and subsections of this 
Agreement are inserted for convenience only and shall not affect the interpretation hereof or, for 
any purpose, be deemed a part of this Agreement. 
Section 16. 
Successors and Assigns; Severability; Several Obligations. This Agreement is 
intended to bind and inure to the benefit of the Parties and their respective successors, permitted 
assigns, heirs, executors, administrators, and representatives; provided, however, that nothing 
contained in this Section 16 shall be deemed to permit sales, assignments, or other Transfers of the 
Existing Loans or the Existing Interests other than in accordance with Section 2 of this Agreement.  
If any provision of this Agreement, or the application of any such provision to any Entity or 
circumstance, shall be held invalid or unenforceable in whole or in part, such invalidity or 
unenforceability shall attach only to such provision or part thereof and the remaining part of such 
provision hereof and this Agreement shall continue in full force and effect; provided, however, 
that nothing in this Section 16 shall be deemed to amend, supplement, or otherwise modify, or 
constitute a waiver of any default under this Agreement.  In the event of any inconsistencies 
between the provisions of this Agreement and the provisions of the Transaction Term Sheet, the 
provisions of the Transaction Term Sheet shall govern and prevail.  
Section 17. 
No Third-Party Beneficiaries. Unless expressly stated herein, this Agreement shall 
be solely for the benefit of the Parties and no other Entity shall be a third-party beneficiary hereof. 
Section 18. 
Prior Negotiations; Entire Agreement. This Agreement, including any Exhibits 
and schedules hereto, constitutes the entire agreement of the Parties, and supersedes all other prior 
negotiations and agreements, with respect to the subject matter hereof, except that the Parties 
acknowledge that any confidentiality agreements heretofore executed between the Company 
Parties and the Supporting Stakeholders shall continue in full force and effect.  
Section 19. 
Counterparts. This Agreement may be executed in several counterparts, each of 
which shall be deemed to be an original, and all of which together shall be deemed to be one and 
the same agreement.  Execution copies of this Agreement may be delivered by e-mail, which shall 
be deemed to be an original for the purposes of this Section 19.  Without in any way limiting the 
provisions hereof, additional Supporting Stakeholders may elect to become Parties by executing 
and delivering to the Company Parties a Joinder Agreement in accordance with the terms hereof.  
Such additional holder shall become a Party to this Agreement in accordance with the terms of this 
Agreement.  Delivery of an executed signature page of this Agreement by facsimile, “.pdf” or 
Case 25-90191   Document 18   Filed in TXSB on 07/14/25   Page 64 of 110

=== page 65 ===
34 
154513756_28 
other electronic transmission will be effective as delivery of a manually executed counterpart of 
this Agreement.  The words “execution,” “signed,” “signature,” “delivery,” and words of like 
import in this Agreement shall be deemed to include electronic signatures or electronic records, 
each of which shall be of the same legal effect, validity or enforceability as a manually executed 
signature or the use of a paper-based recordkeeping system, as the case may be, to the extent and 
as provided for in any applicable Law, including the Federal Electronic Signatures in Global and 
National Commerce Act, the New York State Electronic Signatures and Records Act, or any other 
similar state law based on the Uniform Electronic Transactions Act. 
Section 20. 
Notices. All notices, requests, demands, document deliveries, and other 
communications under this Agreement shall be in writing and shall be deemed to have been duly 
given, provided or made (a) when delivered personally; (b) when sent by electronic mail; or (c) two 
Business Days after deposit with an overnight courier service, with postage prepaid to the Parties 
at the following addresses (or at such other addresses for a Party as shall be specified by like 
notice): 
If to the Company Parties: 
 
 
 
RunItOneTime LLC 
2026 Montessori Street 
Las Vegas, Nevada 89117 
 
with a copy to (which shall not constitute notice): 
 
 
Latham & Watkins LLP 
1271 Avenue of the Americas  
New York, New York 10020 
Attn:  
Jeff Bjork, Andrew Sorkin, Helena Tseregounis 
Email:  
jeff.bjork@lw.com 
 
andrew.sorkin@lw.com 
 
helena.tseregounis@lw.com 
 
If to the Supporting Lenders: 
 
To each Supporting Lender at the addresses or e-mail addresses set forth below the Supporting 
Lender’s signature page to this Agreement (or to the signature page to a Joinder Agreement)  
 
with a copy to (which shall not constitute notice): 
 
Ropes & Gray LLP 
1211 Avenue of the Americas  
New York, New York 10036 
Attn: 
Ryan Preston Dahl, Leonard Klingbaum, and Daniel Gwen 
Email:  
ryan.dahl@ropesgray.com  
 
 
leonard.klingbaum@ropesgray.com 
 
 
daniel.gwen@ropesgray.com 
 
Case 25-90191   Document 18   Filed in TXSB on 07/14/25   Page 65 of 110

=== page 66 ===
35 
154513756_28 
If to the Supporting Shareholder:  
 
Eric Persson 
Email:  
Eric@maverickgaming.com 
 
with a copy to (which shall not constitute notice): 
 
Womble Bond Dickinson LLP 
3993 Howard Hughes Parkway 
Suite 600 
Las Vegas, NV US 89169 
Attn: 
Glenn Light 
Email:  
Glenn.Light@wbd-us.com 
 
Section 21. 
Reservation of Rights; No Admission. Subject to and except as expressly provided 
in this Agreement or in any amendment thereof agreed upon by the Parties pursuant to the terms 
hereof, nothing herein is intended to, or does, in any manner waive, limit, impair, or restrict the 
ability of each of the Parties to protect and preserve its rights, remedies, and interests, including 
its claims against any of the other Parties (or their respective Affiliates or subsidiaries).  Without 
limiting the foregoing sentence in any way, if the Transactions are not consummated, or if this 
Agreement is terminated for any reason, nothing in this Agreement shall be construed as a waiver 
by any Party of any or all of such Party’s rights, remedies, claims, and defenses, and the Parties 
expressly reserve any and all of their respective rights, remedies, claims, and defenses.   
Section 22. 
Representation by Counsel. Each Party acknowledges that it has been represented 
by counsel with respect to this Agreement and the Transactions.  Accordingly, any applicable Law 
that would provide any Party with a defense to the enforcement of the terms of this Agreement 
against such Party based upon lack of legal counsel shall have no application and is expressly 
waived.  No Party shall be considered to be the drafter of this Agreement or any of its provisions 
for the purpose of any applicable Law would, or might cause, any provision to be construed against 
such Party. 
Section 23. 
E-mail Consents.  If a written consent, acceptance, approval, or waiver is required 
pursuant to or contemplated by this Agreement, including a written approval by the Company 
Parties or the applicable Supporting Stakeholders, then such written consent, acceptance, approval, 
or waiver shall be deemed to have occurred if, by agreement between counsel to the applicable 
Parties submitting and receiving such consent, acceptance, approval, or waiver, it is conveyed in 
writing (including e-mail) between each such counsel without representations or warranties of any 
kind on behalf of such counsel.  
Section 24. 
No Recourse. This Agreement may only be enforced against the named parties 
hereto (and then only to the extent of the specific obligations undertaken by such parties in this 
Agreement).  All causes of action (whether in contract, tort, equity or any other theory) that may 
be based upon, arise out of or relate to this Agreement, or the negotiation, execution or 
performance of this Agreement, may be made only against the Entity that are expressly identified 
as parties hereto (and then only to the extent of the specific obligations undertaken by such parties 
herein); provided, however, that the foregoing shall not apply to any Definitive Documents 
Case 25-90191   Document 18   Filed in TXSB on 07/14/25   Page 66 of 110

=== page 67 ===
36 
154513756_28 
executed in connection with this Agreement.  No past, present or future direct or indirect director, 
manager, officer, employee, incorporator, member, partner, stockholder, equity holder, trustee, 
Affiliate, controlling Entity, agent, attorney or other representative of any Party (including any 
Entity negotiating or executing this Agreement on behalf of a Party), nor any past, present or future 
direct or indirect director, manager, officer, employee, incorporator, member, partner, stockholder, 
equity holder, trustee, Affiliate, controlling Entity, agent, attorney or other representative of any 
of the foregoing and in their capacities as such (other than any of the foregoing that is a Party), 
shall have any liability with respect to this Agreement or with respect to any Proceeding (whether 
in contract, tort, equity or any other theory that seeks to “pierce the corporate veil” or impose 
liability of an Entity against its owners or Affiliates or otherwise) that may arise out of or relate to 
this Agreement, or the negotiation, execution or performance of this Agreement, except for claims 
related to any act or omission constituting actual fraud, gross negligence, or willful misconduct. 
Section 25. 
Relationship among Parties. Notwithstanding anything herein to the contrary, the 
duties and obligations of the Supporting Stakeholders under this Agreement shall be several, not 
joint.  It is understood and agreed that no Supporting Stakeholder has any duty of trust or 
confidence of any kind or form with respect to any other Supporting Stakeholder or the Company 
Parties and, except as expressly provided in this Agreement, there are no commitments between 
or among them.  In this regard, it is understood and agreed that any Supporting Stakeholder may 
trade in the Existing Loans or Existing Interests without the consent of the Company Parties or 
any other Supporting Stakeholder, subject to applicable Laws and the terms of this Agreement.  
No prior history, pattern, or practice of sharing confidences between or among the Supporting 
Stakeholders or the Company Parties shall in any way affect or negate this Agreement.  No 
Supporting Stakeholder shall, as a result of its entering into and performing its obligations under 
this Agreement, be deemed to be part of a “group” (as that term is used in Section 14(d) of the 
Exchange Act and the rules and regulations promulgated thereunder) with any of the other 
Supporting Stakeholders.   
Section 26. 
Confidentiality and Redactions. No Party shall disclose to any Entity (including 
for the avoidance of doubt, any other Supporting Stakeholder) the principal amount or percentage 
of the Existing Term Loans or Existing Interests held by any Supporting Stakeholder; provided, 
however, that (a) a Party may disclose the foregoing information as may be required by applicable 
Law, (b) the Parties shall be permitted to disclose the foregoing information at any time to legal, 
accounting, financial and other advisors to the Company Parties and the Ad Hoc Group Advisors, 
and (c) the Company Parties shall be permitted to disclose at any time (i) the foregoing information 
on a confidential basis to its Affiliates and (ii) the aggregate principal amount of, and aggregate 
percentage of, any class of the Existing Term Loans or Existing Interests held by the Supporting 
Stakeholders collectively.  The Supporting Stakeholders hereby consent to the disclosure of the 
execution, terms and contents of this Agreement by the Company Parties in the Definitive 
Documents or as otherwise required by Law; provided, further, that (a) if any of the Company 
Parties determines that they are required to attach a copy of this Agreement, any Joinder 
Agreement to any Definitive Documents or any other filing or similar document relating to the 
transactions contemplated hereby, they will redact any reference to or concerning a specific 
Supporting Lender or such Supporting Lender’s holdings of Existing Loans or Existing Interests 
and (b) if disclosure of additional identifying information of any Supporting Lender is required by 
applicable Law, advance notice of the intent to disclose, if permitted by applicable Law, shall be 
given by the disclosing Party to each affected Supporting Lender (who shall have the right to seek 
Case 25-90191   Document 18   Filed in TXSB on 07/14/25   Page 67 of 110

=== page 68 ===
37 
154513756_28 
a protective order before disclosure).  The Company Parties further agree that such information 
shall be redacted from “closing sets” or other representations of the fully executed Agreement or 
any Joinder Agreement, which redacted closing sets may be shared with the Supporting 
Stakeholders.  
Section 27. 
Transaction Expenses. Subject to the terms of the applicable engagement letter or 
fee reimbursement letter, the Company Parties hereby agree, on a joint and several basis, to pay in 
cash, the Transaction Expenses as follows: 
(a) 
all Transaction Expenses shall be paid in full in cash on the Support Effective Date; 
(b) 
on the day before commencement of the Chapter 11 Cases, all accrued and unpaid 
Transaction Expenses through that time; and 
(c) 
during the pendency of the Chapter 11 Cases, in accordance with an order of the 
Bankruptcy Court. 
Section 28. 
Identified Business Units or Trading Desks.  If a Supporting Lender enters into or 
accedes to this Agreement through an identified business unit or trading desk in respect of any 
debt (as specified in the signature page to this Agreement or a Joinder to this Agreement), then the 
terms of this Agreement shall apply only to that identified business unit or trading desks and not 
any other business units or trading desks within the legal entity which has not signed or acceded 
to this Agreement (in accordance with the terms of this Agreement) separately in respect of any 
debt or other instrument which it legally or beneficially owns and, therefore, that Supporting 
Lender shall not be required to procure compliance with this Agreement on behalf of such other 
business units or trading desks within that legal entity.   
 
[Signature Pages Follow] 
 
Case 25-90191   Document 18   Filed in TXSB on 07/14/25   Page 68 of 110

=== page 69 ===
Case 25-90191   Document 18   Filed in TXSB on 07/14/25   Page 69 of 110

=== page 70 ===
Case 25-90191   Document 18   Filed in TXSB on 07/14/25   Page 70 of 110

=== page 71 ===
Case 25-90191   Document 18   Filed in TXSB on 07/14/25   Page 71 of 110

=== page 72 ===
Case 25-90191   Document 18   Filed in TXSB on 07/14/25   Page 72 of 110

=== page 73 ===
Case 25-90191   Document 18   Filed in TXSB on 07/14/25   Page 73 of 110

=== page 74 ===
Case 25-90191   Document 18   Filed in TXSB on 07/14/25   Page 74 of 110

=== page 75 ===
Case 25-90191   Document 18   Filed in TXSB on 07/14/25   Page 75 of 110

=== page 76 ===
Case 25-90191   Document 18   Filed in TXSB on 07/14/25   Page 76 of 110

=== page 77 ===
Case 25-90191   Document 18   Filed in TXSB on 07/14/25   Page 77 of 110

=== page 78 ===
Case 25-90191   Document 18   Filed in TXSB on 07/14/25   Page 78 of 110

=== page 79 ===
Case 25-90191   Document 18   Filed in TXSB on 07/14/25   Page 79 of 110

=== page 80 ===
CASINO CARAVANS, INC., 
a Utah corporation
By:
Eric Persson, Secretary
COLORADO MG 1031 LLC, 
a Colorado limited liability company
By:
Eric Persson, Manager
GOLD COUNTRY OPERATOR, LLC, 
a Nevada limited liability company
By:
Eric Persson, Manager
GRAND Z CASINO OPERATOR LLC, 
a Nevada limited liability company
By:
Eric Persson, Manager
JOHNNY Z CASINO OPERATOR LLC, 
a Nevada limited liability company
By:
Eric Persson, Manager
[Signature Page to Transaction Support Agreement]
Case 25-90191   Document 18   Filed in TXSB on 07/14/25   Page 80 of 110

=== page 81 ===
RED GARTER OPERATOR, LLC, 
a Nevada limited liability company
By:
Eric Persson, Manager
RED LION OPERATOR, LLC, 
a Nevada limited liability company
By:
Eric Persson, Manager
WENDOVER NUGGET OPERATOR, LLC, 
a Nevada limited liability company
By:
Eric Persson, Manager
Z CASINO BLACK HAWK OPERATOR LLC, 
a Nevada limited liability company
By:
Eric Persson, Manager
HIGH DESERT OPERATOR LLC, 
a Nevada limited liability company
By:
Eric Persson, Manager
[Signature Page to Transaction Support Agreement]
Case 25-90191   Document 18   Filed in TXSB on 07/14/25   Page 81 of 110

=== page 82 ===
Case 25-90191   Document 18   Filed in TXSB on 07/14/25   Page 82 of 110

=== page 83 ===
PUGET SOUND GAMING, LLC,
a Washington limited liability company
By: its Manager
Washington Gaming, Inc.
a Washington Corporation
By: 
Eric Persson, President
EPSTEIN GAMING, LLC,
a Washington limited liability company
By: its Manager 
Puget Sound Gaming, LLC
a Washington limited liability company
By: its Manager
Washington Gaming, Inc.
a Washington Corporation
By: 
Eric Persson, President
LA CENTER GAMING, LLC,
a Washington limited liability company
By: its Manager 
Puget Sound Gaming, LLC
a Washington limited liability company
By: its Manager
Washington Gaming, Inc.
a Washington Corporation
By: 
Eric Persson, President
[Signature Page to Transaction Support Agreement]
Case 25-90191   Document 18   Filed in TXSB on 07/14/25   Page 83 of 110

=== page 84 ===
Case 25-90191   Document 18   Filed in TXSB on 07/14/25   Page 84 of 110

=== page 85 ===
Case 25-90191   Document 18   Filed in TXSB on 07/14/25   Page 85 of 110

=== page 86 ===
Case 25-90191   Document 18   Filed in TXSB on 07/14/25   Page 86 of 110

=== page 87 ===
Case 25-90191   Document 18   Filed in TXSB on 07/14/25   Page 87 of 110

=== page 88 ===
Case 25-90191   Document 18   Filed in TXSB on 07/14/25   Page 88 of 110

=== page 89 ===
Execution Version 
154513756_28 
Schedule 1 
Company Parties 
 
1. Maverick Gaming HoldCo, Inc. 
2. RunItOneTime LLC (f/k/a Maverick Gaming LLC) 
3. Maverick Colorado LLC 
4. Maverick Z Casinos LLC 
5. Colorado MG 1031 LLC 
6. Maverick Washington LLC 
7. Maverick Gold LLC 
8. Nevada Gold & Casinos, Inc. 
9. NG Washington III, LLC 
10. NG Washington, LLC 
11. NG Washington II Holdings, LLC 
12. NG Washington II, LLC 
13. Maverick Wizards LLC 
14. 15743 Ambaum LLC 
15. Maverick Roman LLC 
16. The Royal Club Limited Liability Company 
17. Skyway Center LLC 
18. Maverick Indianola LLC 
19. Maverick All Star LLC 
20. Myers LLC 
21. Maverick Evergreen LLC 
22. Maverick Acquisition Canada ULC 
23. Washington Gaming, Inc. 
24. 14040 Gaming, LLC 
25. Riverside Casino, Inc. 
26. Gaming Consultants, Inc. 
27. Gaming Management, Inc. 
28. Puget Sound Gaming, LLC 
29. Epstein Gaming LLC 
30. LA Center Gaming, LLC 
31. Pete’s Flying Aces, Inc. 
32. Tacoma Casino, L.L.C. 
33. Maverick American LLC 
34. Great American Gaming Corporation 
35. Evergreen Entertainment Corporation 
36. Grant Central Properties Everett LLC 
37. Pair O’Dice Investments LLC 
38. Grand Central Properties Tukwila LLC 
39. Grand Central Properties Tacoma LLC 
40. Grand Central Casino, Inc. 
41. Maverick Caribbean LLC 
42. Maverick Tukwila LLC 
43. Maverick Yakima LLC 
Case 25-90191   Document 18   Filed in TXSB on 07/14/25   Page 89 of 110

=== page 90 ===
154513756_28 
44. Maverick Kirkland II LLC 
45. Maverick Kirkland LLC 
46. Maverick Lakewood LLC 
47. Maverick NV LLC 
48. Maverick Elko LLC 
49. Maverick Wendover LLC 
50. CCI Leasing, LLC 
51. Wendover Transportation, LLC 
52. Utah Trailways Charter Bus Company, LLC 
53. Casino Caravans, Inc. 
54. Maverick Design LLC 
55. e.gads, LLC 
56. Maverick Poker Operator LLC 
 
Licenssed Operator Affiliates  
57. Colorado Resorts Operator LLC 
58. Grand Z Casino Operator LLC 
59. Johnny Z Casino Operator LLC 
60. Z Casino Black Hawk Operator LLC 
61. Elko Resorts Operator, LLC 
62. Gold Country Operator, LLC 
63. High Desert Operator LLC 
64. Red Lion Operator, LLC 
65. Wendover Resorts Operator, LLC 
66. Red Garter Operator, LLC 
67. Wendover Nugget Operator, LLC 
 
 
Case 25-90191   Document 18   Filed in TXSB on 07/14/25   Page 90 of 110

=== page 91 ===
 
154513756_28 
EXHIBIT A 
Transaction Term Sheet 
Case 25-90191   Document 18   Filed in TXSB on 07/14/25   Page 91 of 110

=== page 92 ===
Case 25-90191   Document 18   Filed in TXSB on 07/14/25   Page 92 of 110

=== page 93 ===
Case 25-90191   Document 18   Filed in TXSB on 07/14/25   Page 93 of 110

=== page 94 ===
3 
154514031_30 
will make offers of employment to all employees of PokerCo, 
and assume all liabilities related to the same.   
• Cash Purchase Price.  The cash purchase price provided for in 
the PokerCo Stalking Horse Purchase Agreement will be 
$13 million. 
• Earnout Agreement.  If EP BidCo is the successful bidder for 
PokerCo, as part of EP BidCo’s bid (including EP BidCo’s 
stalking horse bid), then EP BidCo shall enter into an agreement 
granting the Existing Lenders (or an entity to be formed for the 
benefit of the Existing Lenders (“EarnoutCo”)) an earnout 
payable upon the signing of definitive documentation related to 
a change of control of all or any facility within PokerCo 
occurring within five years from the closing of the Transactions, 
entitling the Existing Lenders (or EarnoutCo) to receive 50% of 
the proceeds distributable to EP BidCo after deducting (x) the 
cash price EP BidCo paid for PokerCo1 and (y) transaction 
expenses.  
• Expense Reimbursement.  The PokerCo Stalking Horse 
Purchase Agreement shall include terms and conditions 
customarily found in stalking horse purchase agreements of this 
type, including an expense reimbursement of up to $150,000 in 
reasonable costs and expenses incurred by EP BidCo in 
connection with its bid. 
• Other Bid Protections.  To be negotiated between the parties but 
to include in any event that the non-cash components (including 
the Earnout Agreement and Post-Closing Income Arrangement) 
of any EP BidCo bid (including EP BidCo’s stalking horse bid) 
to be valued at $3 million and initial minimum third-party 
overbid shall be $16 million, with each subsequent bid at 
$500,000 increments.  
MainCo Credit Bid 
or Chapter 11 Plan 
At the election of the Requisite Supporting Lenders, the Company 
Parties will (1) conduct a sale and marketing of MainCo pursuant to 
section 363 of the Bankruptcy Code, subject to a credit bid by the 
Existing Lenders (the “MainCo Sale Process”), (2) pursue confirmation 
of a chapter 11 plan that results in the conversion of a portion or all of 
the Existing Term Loans into equity of MainCo on a reorganized basis 
(the “MainCo Plan Process”), or (3) such alternative transaction 
structure acceptable to the Requisite Supporting Lenders.  
 
 
1  
If less than all of PokerCo is sold, then the cash price for the sold facility will be deemed to be the pro rata share of the final 
purchase price, with the numerator being the adjusted EBITDA of the facility for the trailing 12 months and the denominator 
being total PokerCo adjusted EBITDA for the trailing 12 months. 
Case 25-90191   Document 18   Filed in TXSB on 07/14/25   Page 94 of 110

=== page 95 ===
Case 25-90191   Document 18   Filed in TXSB on 07/14/25   Page 95 of 110

=== page 96 ===
5 
154514031_30 
to the Licensed Operator Affiliates to assist with the operations 
of the Licensed Operator Affiliates on an interim basis pending 
the Closing Date;  
• the transfer or sale of the equity interests or gaming assets of the 
Licensed Operator Affiliates to a replacement operator identified 
by the stalking horse or winning bidders for the Company 
Parties’ assets;  
• the post-Closing Date assistance of the Supporting Shareholder 
and Mr. Beltram with regulatory and licensing clearance, access 
to licenses, or transition of licenses for continued operation of 
the business of the Company Parties (including any Debtors 
reorganized pursuant to any chapter 11 plan in the Chapter 11 
Cases); 
• the Supporting Shareholder and EP BidCo’s noncompetition and 
non-solicitation agreement with respect to e.gads, LLC or any 
successor thereto, and agreement not to establish an entity that 
would compete with e.gads, LLC or any successor thereto, for a 
term of three years from the Closing Date;  
• the payment of license-related rent payments to the Supporting 
Shareholder until the licenses are transferred, pursuant to the 
Operator Leases; provided that the total license-related rent 
payments payable to the Supporting Shareholder will be reduced 
by one-third per state upon the completion of the transition of 
the gaming operations to an operator designated by the Requisite 
Supporting Lenders (such payments, as adjusted pursuant to the 
terms of this paragraph, the “License-Related Rent Payments”); 
and 
• that each of the Company Parties and the Supporting 
Stakeholders shall refrain from making, causing to be made, 
publishing, ratifying or endorsing any materially disparaging 
remarks or derogatory statements to any party in respect of and 
adversely affecting any of the Company Parties and the 
Supporting Stakeholders. 
During such time as the Supporting Shareholder is continuing to assist 
with the foregoing services and until such time as the all regulatory 
approvals have been obtained with respect to the Transaction, the 
Supporting Shareholder shall be entitled to receive, in addition to the 
License-Related Rent Payments set forth above, fees of: (a) $90,000 for 
the month of July 2025, (b) $90,000 for the month of August 2025, 
(c) $60,000 for the month of September 2025, and (b) $50,000 per 
month thereafter; provided that the foregoing fee arrangement will be 
the only consideration available to the Supporting Shareholder, and the 
total fees, expenses, reimbursements, benefits, compensation, or 
Case 25-90191   Document 18   Filed in TXSB on 07/14/25   Page 96 of 110

=== page 97 ===
6 
154514031_30 
consideration paid to or for the benefit of the Supporting Shareholder by 
the Company Parties (including through the Licensed Operator 
Affiliates) under all agreements or arrangements will not exceed the sum 
of (a) $550,000 in the aggregate, regardless of the source and (b) the 
License-Related Rent Payments.  The Supporting Shareholder will 
execute such documents or amendments necessary to the Amended & 
Restated Executive Employment Agreement dated November 23, 2020 
and the Operating Leases, and any other documents under which he 
receives payments or benefits, to conform to this Term Sheet. 
Maverick/Aces IP 
The Requisite Supporting Lenders, the Company Parties, and EP BidCo 
will execute such licenses, sub-licenses, instruments, agreements, or 
other documents or arrangements providing for (i) a non-exclusive 
license of the Maverick/Aces IP by the Company Parties to EP BidCo 
substantially contemporaneously with the execution of the Transition 
Services Agreement in exchange for $100,000 and a revenue-sharing 
arrangement whereby EP BidCo pays the Company Parties (or MainCo, 
if it acquires the respective assets) 25% of the adjusted EBITDA 
generated by EP BidCo from current and future poker partnerships using 
the Maverick/Aces IP for a period of three years from the Closing Date 
and (ii) the transfer of the Maverick/Aces IP to EP BidCo (or a designee 
thereof) on the Closing Date; provided that EP BidCo’s right to use and 
acquire the Maverick/Aces IP will be conditioned on, among other 
things, (1) no breach of the Transition Services Agreement and (2) the 
Company Parties’ (or MainCo’s) permission to continue to use the 
Maverick/Aces IP on a post-closing basis and limited basis, without 
expansion, to the extent necessary, for a period of three years after the 
Closing Date or until MainCo is sold (whichever is sooner) without 
license, royalty, or other fees to EP BidCo. 
Mutual Releases 
Upon the Closing Date, each of the Company Parties, Supporting 
Lenders and the Supporting Shareholder shall provide mutual and 
customary releases to each other, pursuant to a standalone release 
agreement or pursuant to a chapter 11 plan, which releases shall be in 
form and substance substantially consistent with those set forth in 
Exhibit A attached hereto and effective as of the Closing Date. 
Tax Matters 
The Transactions shall be implemented in a tax-efficient and cost-
effective manner, as agreed among the Company Parties, the Requisite 
Supporting Lenders, and the Supporting Shareholder. 
Conditions 
Precedent to 
Closing Date 
The occurrence of the Closing Date shall be subject to the satisfaction 
or waiver of the following conditions precedent:  
(a) The TSA shall continue to be in full force and effect; 
Case 25-90191   Document 18   Filed in TXSB on 07/14/25   Page 97 of 110

=== page 98 ===
7 
154514031_30 
(b) The applicable gaming authorities for the States of Nevada, 
Colorado, and Washington will have provided all prior approvals 
necessary to consummate the Transaction; 
(c) All Definitive Documents for the Transactions shall have been 
executed, delivered, and remain in full force and effect (as 
applicable), which Definitive Documents shall satisfy the 
requirements set forth in the TSA and this Term Sheet;  
(d) All Transaction Expenses invoiced at least one (1) Business Day 
before the Closing Date shall have been paid as set forth in the 
TSA; and 
(e) The conditions to the effectiveness of the Definitive Documents 
(other than the occurrence of the Closing Date) shall have been 
satisfied or waived in accordance with their terms, which 
conditions shall be conditions with the conditions set forth in this 
Term Sheet.   
 
Case 25-90191   Document 18   Filed in TXSB on 07/14/25   Page 98 of 110

=== page 99 ===
8 
154514031_30 
EXHIBIT A 
Form of Plan Release and Exculpation Language2 
“Exculpated Parties” means, collectively, and in each case in its capacity as such:  (a) the 
Debtors; (b) the directors or managers and officers of any Debtor, for conduct within the scope of 
their duties; and (c) any statutory committees appointed in the Chapter 11 Cases and each of their 
respective members, solely in their respective capacities as such. 
“Final Order” means an order or judgment of the Bankruptcy Court, or court of competent 
jurisdiction with respect to the subject matter that has not been reversed, stayed, modified, 
dismissed, vacated, or reconsidered, as entered on the docket in any Chapter 11 Case or the docket 
of any court of competent jurisdiction, and as to which the time to appeal, or seek certiorari or 
move for a new trial, reargument, or rehearing has expired and no appeal or petition for certiorari 
or other proceedings for a new trial, reargument, or rehearing has been timely taken, or as to which 
any appeal that has been taken or any petition for certiorari that has been or may be timely Filed 
has been withdrawn or resolved by the highest court to which the order or judgment was appealed 
or from which certiorari was sought or the new trial, reargument, or rehearing will have been 
denied, resulted in no stay pending appeal of such order, or has otherwise been dismissed with 
prejudice; provided that the possibility that a motion under Rule 60 of the Federal Rules of Civil 
Procedure, or any analogous rule under the Bankruptcy Rules, may be Filed with respect to such 
order will not preclude such order from being a Final Order. 
“Related Party” means, collectively, with respect to any Person or Entity, each of, and in 
each case in its capacity as such, such Person’s or Entity’s current and former directors, managers, 
officers, committee members, members of any governing body, equityholders (regardless of 
whether such interests are held directly or indirectly), affiliated investment funds or investment 
vehicles, managed accounts or funds, predecessors, participants, successors, assigns, subsidiaries, 
Affiliates, partners, limited partners, general partners, principals, members, management 
companies, fund advisors or managers, employees, agents, trustees, advisory board members, 
financial advisors, attorneys (including any other attorneys or professionals retained by any current 
or former director or manager in his or her capacity as director or manager of an Entity), 
accountants, investment bankers, consultants, representatives, and other professionals and advisors 
and any such Person’s or Entity’s respective heirs, executors, estates, and nominees. 
“Released Parties” means, collectively, and in each case in its capacity as such:  (a) the 
Debtors; (b) the Reorganized Debtors; (c) the DIP Lenders; (d) the Agents; (e) the Supporting 
Stakeholders; (f) all holders of Claims; (g) all holders of Interests; (h) each current and former 
Affiliate of each Entity in clause (a) through (g); and (i) each Related Party of each Entity in clause 
(a) through (h); provided, however, that, in each case, an Entity shall not be a Released Party if it:  
 
2  
Capitalized terms used but not defined in this section shall have meanings consistent with their common usage in the context 
of a chapter 11 plan.  To the extent the releases are provided pursuant to a standalone agreement, appropriate conforming 
changes shall be made.  Scope and beneficiaries of release to be adjusted subject to chapter 11 process and ongoing diligence.   
Scope of Releasing Parties, Released Parties, and Related Parties as they related to an individual Supporting Lender or such 
Supporting Lender’s Affiliates or Related Parties may be limited in accordance with such Supporting Lender’s applicable 
signature page or joinder to the TSA. 
Case 25-90191   Document 18   Filed in TXSB on 07/14/25   Page 99 of 110

=== page 100 ===
9 
154514031_30 
(x) elects to opt out of the Third-Party Release; or (y) timely objects to the Third-Party Release, 
and such objection is not resolved before Confirmation. 
“Releasing Parties” means, collectively, and in each case in its capacity as such:  (a) the 
Debtors; (b) the Reorganized Debtors; (c) the DIP Lenders; (d) the Agents; (e) the Supporting 
Stakeholders; (f) all holders of Claims; (g) all holders of Interests; (h) each current and former 
Affiliate of each Entity in clause (a) through the following clause (i); and (i) each Related Party of 
each Entity in clause (a) through this clause (i); provided, however, that, in each case, an Entity 
shall not be a Releasing Party if it:  (x) elects to opt out of the Third-Party Release; or (y) timely 
objects to the Third-Party Release and such objection is not resolved before Confirmation. 
Releases by the Debtors. 
Notwithstanding anything contained in this Plan to the contrary, pursuant to section 
1123(b) of the Bankruptcy Code, in exchange for good and valuable consideration, the adequacy 
of which is hereby confirmed, on and after the Plan Effective Date, in each case except for Claims 
arising under, or preserved by, the Plan, to the fullest extent permitted under applicable Law, each 
Released Party is, and is deemed to be, hereby conclusively, absolutely, unconditionally, 
irrevocably, and forever released and discharged by the Debtors, the Reorganized Debtors, and 
their Estates, in each case on behalf of themselves and their respective successors, assigns, and 
representatives, and any and all Entities who may purport to assert any Claim or Cause of Action, 
directly or derivatively, by, through, for, or because of the foregoing Entities, from any and all 
Claims and Causes of Action whatsoever (including any Avoidance Actions and any derivative 
claims, asserted or assertable on behalf of any of the Debtors, the Reorganized Debtors, and their 
Estates), whether liquidated or unliquidated, fixed or contingent, known or unknown, foreseen or 
unforeseen, matured or unmatured, asserted or unasserted, accrued or unaccrued, existing or 
hereafter arising, in Law, equity, contract, tort, or otherwise, whether arising under federal or state 
statutory or common Law, or any other applicable international, foreign, or domestic Law, rule, 
statute, regulation, treaty, right, duty, requirement, or otherwise, that such holders or their Estates, 
Affiliates, heirs, executory, administrators, successors, assigns, and managers would have been 
legally entitled to assert in their own right (whether individually or collectively) or on behalf of 
the holder of any Claim against, or Interest in, the Debtors, the Reorganized Debtors, and their 
Estates, based on or relating to, or in any manner arising from, in whole or in part, the Debtors, the 
Reorganized Debtors and their Estates (including the capital structure, management, ownership, 
or operation thereof), the purchase, sale, or rescission of any security of the Debtors, the 
Reorganized Debtors, or the subject matter of, or the transactions or events giving rise to, any 
Claim or Interest that is treated in this Plan, the Existing Credit Facility, the business or contractual 
arrangements between or among any Debtor and any Released Party, the ownership and/or 
operation of the Debtors by any Released Party or the distribution of any Cash or other property 
of the Debtors to any Released Party, the assertion or enforcement of rights and remedies against 
the Debtors, the Debtors’ in- or out-of-court restructuring efforts, any Avoidance Actions (but 
excluding Avoidance Actions brought as counterclaims or defenses to Claims asserted against the 
Debtors), intercompany transactions between or among a Debtor or an Affiliate of a Debtor and 
another Debtor or Affiliate of a Debtor, the Chapter 11 Cases, any adversary proceedings, the 
formulation, preparation, dissemination, negotiation, entry into, or filing of the TSA and related 
prepetition transactions, the Definitive Documents, the Disclosure Statement, the Plan (including, 
for the avoidance of doubt, the Plan Supplement), before or during the Chapter 11 Cases, or any 
Case 25-90191   Document 18   Filed in TXSB on 07/14/25   Page 100 of 110

=== page 101 ===
10 
154514031_30 
other Definitive Document, or any Restructuring Transactions, any contract, instrument, release, 
or other agreement or document (including any legal opinion requested by any Entity regarding 
any transaction, contract, instrument, document or other agreement contemplated by the Plan or 
the reliance by any Released Party on the Plan or the Confirmation Order in lieu of such legal 
opinion) relating to any of the foregoing, created or entered into in connection with the TSA, the 
Definitive Documents, the Disclosure Statement, the Plan (including, for the avoidance of doubt, 
the Plan Supplement), before or during the Chapter 11 Cases, or any Restructuring Transactions, 
the filing of the Chapter 11 Cases, the pursuit of Confirmation, the pursuit of consummation of the 
Plan, the administration and implementation of the Plan and the Restructuring Transactions, 
including the issuance or distribution of securities pursuant to the Restructuring Transactions 
and/or Plan, or the distribution of property pursuant to the Restructuring Transactions and/or the 
Plan or any other related agreement, or upon any other act or omission, transaction, agreement, 
event, or other occurrence related or relating to any of the foregoing taking place on or before the 
Plan Effective Date.   
Notwithstanding anything to the contrary in the foregoing, the releases set forth above do 
not release (a) any post-Plan Effective Date obligations of any party or Entity under the Plan, the 
Confirmation Order, any Restructuring Transaction, or any document, instrument, or agreement 
(including those set forth in the Plan Supplement) executed to implement the Plan, or any Claim 
or obligation arising under the Plan, and (c) any Released Party from any Claim or Cause of Action 
arising from an act or omission that is determined by a Final Order to have constituted actual fraud, 
willful misconduct, or gross negligence.   
Entry of the Confirmation Order shall constitute the Bankruptcy Court’s approval, pursuant 
to Bankruptcy Rule 9019, of the Debtor Release, which includes by reference each of the related 
provisions and definitions contained in the Plan, and further, shall constitute the Bankruptcy 
Court’s finding that the Debtor Release is:  (a) in exchange for the good and valuable consideration 
provided by each of the Released Parties, including, without limitation, the Released Parties’ 
substantial contributions to facilitating the Restructuring Transactions and implementing the Plan; 
(b) a good faith settlement and compromise of the Claims released by the Debtor Release; (c) in 
the best interests of the Debtors and all holders of Claims and Interests; (d) fair, equitable, and 
reasonable; (e) given and made after due notice and opportunity for hearing; and (f) a bar to any 
of the Debtors, the Reorganized Debtors, or their Estates asserting any Claim or Cause of Action 
released pursuant to the Debtor Release. 
Releases by the Releasing Parties.  
Notwithstanding anything contained in this Plan to the contrary, pursuant to section 
1123(b) of the Bankruptcy Code, in exchange for good and valuable consideration, the adequacy 
of which is hereby confirmed, on and after the Plan Effective Date, in each case except for Claims 
arising under, or preserved by, the Plan, to the fullest extent permitted under applicable Law, each 
Released Party is, and is deemed to be, hereby conclusively, absolutely, unconditionally, 
irrevocably, and forever released and discharged by each and all of the Releasing Parties (other 
than the Debtors and the Reorganized Debtors), in each case on behalf of themselves and their 
respective successors, assigns, and representatives, and any and all Entities who may purport to 
assert any Claim or Cause of Action, directly or derivatively, by, through, for, or because of the 
foregoing Entities, from any and all Claims and Causes of Action whatsoever (including any 
Case 25-90191   Document 18   Filed in TXSB on 07/14/25   Page 101 of 110

=== page 102 ===
11 
154514031_30 
Avoidance Actions and any derivative claims asserted or assertable on behalf of any of the Debtors, 
the Reorganized Debtors, and their Estates), whether liquidated or unliquidated, fixed or 
contingent, known or unknown, foreseen or unforeseen, matured or unmatured, asserted or 
unasserted, accrued or unaccrued, existing or hereafter arising, in Law, equity, contract, tort, or 
otherwise, whether arising under federal or state statutory or common Law, or any other applicable 
international, foreign, or domestic Law, rule, statute, regulation, treaty, right, duty, requirement, 
or otherwise, that such holders or their Estates, Affiliates, heirs, executory, administrators, 
successors, assigns, and managers would have been legally entitled to assert in their own right 
(whether individually or collectively) or on behalf of the holder of any Claim against, or Interest 
in, the Debtors, the Reorganized Debtors, and their Estates, based on or relating to, or in any 
manner arising from, in whole or in part, the Debtors, the Reorganized Debtors, and their Estates 
(including the capital structure, management, ownership, or operation thereof), the purchase, sale, 
or rescission of any security of the Debtors or the Reorganized Debtors the subject matter of, or 
the transactions or events giving rise to, any Claim or Interest that is treated in this Plan, the 
Existing Credit Facility, the business or contractual arrangements between or among any Debtor 
and any Released Party, the ownership and/or operation of the Debtors by any Released Party or 
the distribution of any Cash or other property of the Debtors to any Released Party, the assertion 
or enforcement of rights and remedies against the Debtors, the Debtors’ in- or out-of-court 
restructuring efforts, any Avoidance Actions (but excluding Avoidance Actions brought as 
counterclaims or defenses to Claims asserted against the Debtors), intercompany transactions 
between or among a Debtor or an Affiliate of a Debtor and another Debtor or Affiliate of a Debtor, 
the Chapter 11 Cases, any adversary proceedings, the formulation, preparation, dissemination, 
negotiation, entry into, or filing of the TSA and related prepetition transactions, the Definitive 
Documents, the Plan (including, for the avoidance of doubt, the Plan Supplement), before or during 
the Chapter 11 Cases, or any Restructuring Transactions, contract, instrument, release, or other 
agreement or document (including any legal opinion requested by any Entity regarding any 
transaction, any contract, instrument, document or other agreement contemplated by the Plan or 
the reliance by any Released Party on the Plan or the Confirmation Order in lieu of such legal 
opinion) relating to any of the foregoing, created or entered into in connection with the TSA, the 
Definitive Documents, the Plan (including, for the avoidance of doubt, the Plan Supplement), 
before or during the Chapter 11 Cases, or any Restructuring Transactions, any preference, 
fraudulent transfer, or other avoidance claim arising pursuant to chapter 5 of the Bankruptcy Code 
or other applicable Law, the filing of the Chapter 11 Cases, the pursuit of Confirmation, the pursuit 
of consummation of the Plan, the administration and implementation of the Plan and the 
Restructuring Transactions, including the issuance or distribution of securities pursuant to the 
Restructuring Transactions and/or Plan, or the distribution of property pursuant to the 
Restructuring Transactions and/or the Plan or any other related agreement, or upon any other act 
or omission, transaction, agreement, event, or other occurrence related or relating to any of the 
foregoing taking place on or before the Plan Effective Date.   
Notwithstanding anything to the contrary in the foregoing, the releases set forth above do 
not release (a) any post-Plan Effective Date obligations of any party or Entity under the Plan, the 
Confirmation Order, any Restructuring Transaction, or any document, instrument, or agreement 
(including those set forth in the Plan Supplement) executed to implement the Plan or any Claim or 
obligation arising under the Plan, or (b) any Released Party from any Claim or Cause of Action 
arising from an act or omission that is determined by a Final Order to have constituted actual fraud, 
willful misconduct, or gross negligence. 
Case 25-90191   Document 18   Filed in TXSB on 07/14/25   Page 102 of 110

=== page 103 ===
12 
154514031_30 
Entry of the Confirmation Order shall constitute the Bankruptcy Court’s approval, pursuant 
to Bankruptcy Rule 9019, of the Third-Party Release, which includes by reference each of the 
related provisions and definitions contained herein, and, further, shall constitute the Bankruptcy 
Court’s finding that the Third-Party Release is:  (a) consensual; (b) essential to the Confirmation 
of the Plan; (c) given in exchange for the good and valuable consideration provided by each of the 
Released Parties, including, without limitation, the Released Parties’ substantial contributions to 
facilitating the Restructuring Transactions and implementing the Plan; (d) a good faith settlement 
and compromise of the Claims released by the Third-Party Release; (e) in the best interests of the 
Debtors and their Estates; (f) fair, equitable, and reasonable; (g) given and made after due notice 
and opportunity for hearing; and (h) a bar to any of the Releasing Parties asserting any Claim or 
Cause of Action released pursuant to the Third-Party Release 
Exculpation. 
Notwithstanding anything contained in this Plan to the contrary, to the fullest extent 
permissible under applicable Law and without affecting or limiting either the Debtor Release or 
Third-Party Release, effective as of the Plan Effective Date, no Exculpated Party shall have or 
incur liability or obligation for, and each Exculpated Party is hereby released and exculpated from 
any Cause of Action for any claim arising from the Petition Date through the Plan Effective Date 
related to any act or omission in connection with, relating to, or arising out of, the Chapter 11 
Cases, the formulation, preparation, dissemination, negotiation, filing, or termination of the TSA 
and related prepetition transactions, the Definitive Documents, the Disclosure Statement, the Plan 
(including, for the avoidance of doubt, the Plan Supplement), any other Definitive Documents, or 
any Restructuring Transactions, contract, instrument, release or other agreement or document 
(including any legal opinion requested by any Entity regarding any transaction, contract, 
instrument, document or other agreement contemplated by the Plan or the reliance by any Released 
Party on the Plan or the Confirmation Order in lieu of such legal opinion) relating to any of the 
foregoing, created or entered into in connection with the TSA, the Definitive Documents, the 
Disclosure Statement, the Plan (including, for the avoidance of doubt, the Plan Supplement), or 
any Restructuring Transactions, any preference, fraudulent transfer, or other avoidance claim 
arising pursuant to chapter 5 of the Bankruptcy Code or other applicable Law, the filing of the 
Chapter 11 Cases, the pursuit of Confirmation, the pursuit of consummation of the Plan, the 
administration and implementation of the Plan, including the issuance or distribution of securities 
pursuant to the Plan, or the distribution of property under the Plan or any other related agreement, 
or upon any other related act or omission, transaction, agreement, event, or other occurrence taking 
place on or before the Plan Effective Date, except for Claims related to any act or omission that is 
determined in a Final Order by a court of competent jurisdiction to have constituted actual fraud, 
willful misconduct, or gross negligence, but in all respects such Entities shall be entitled to 
reasonably rely upon the advice of counsel with respect to their duties and responsibilities pursuant 
to the Plan. 
The Exculpated Parties have, and upon confirmation of the Plan shall be deemed to have, 
participated in good faith and in compliance with the applicable Laws with regard to the 
solicitation of votes and distribution of consideration pursuant to the Plan and, therefore, are not, 
and on account of such distributions shall not be, liable at any time for the violation of any 
applicable Law, rule, or regulation governing the solicitation of acceptances or rejections of the 
Plan or such distributions made pursuant to the Plan. 
Case 25-90191   Document 18   Filed in TXSB on 07/14/25   Page 103 of 110

=== page 104 ===
 
154513756_28 
EXHIBIT B 
Joinder Agreement 
Case 25-90191   Document 18   Filed in TXSB on 07/14/25   Page 104 of 110

=== page 105 ===
 
154513756_28 
Joinder to Transaction Support Agreement 
The undersigned (“Joinder Party”) hereby acknowledges that it has read and understands 
the Transaction Support Agreement, dated June 25, 2025 (the “Agreement”),1 between 
the “Company Parties” (as defined in the Agreement) and the Supporting Stakeholders, and upon 
execution and delivery of this joinder agrees to be bound by the terms and conditions thereof, and 
shall be deemed a “Supporting Stakeholder” under the terms of the Agreement. 
 
The Joinder Party specifically agrees to be bound by the terms and conditions of the 
Agreement and makes all representations and warranties contained in the Agreement applicable to 
a Supporting Stakeholder as of the date hereof and any further date specified in the Agreement, in 
each case, applicable to a Supporting Stakeholder. 
 
Date Executed: __, 2025 
 
[SUPPORTING STAKEHOLDER] 
 
 
By:______________________________________ 
Name:  
Title:  
Address:  
Email address(es):  
 
 
1 Capitalized terms used but not otherwise defined herein shall having the meanings ascribed to such terms in 
the Agreement. 
Case 25-90191   Document 18   Filed in TXSB on 07/14/25   Page 105 of 110

=== page 106 ===
Case 25-90191   Document 18   Filed in TXSB on 07/14/25   Page 106 of 110

=== page 107 ===
 
 
Exhibit B 
Organizational Chart 
Case 25-90191   Document 18   Filed in TXSB on 07/14/25   Page 107 of 110

=== page 108 ===
RunItOneTime LLC 
a Washington LLC
EIN: 83-3358619
Maverick 
Colorado LLC
a Nevada LLC 
EIN: 83-3187651
Maverick 
Washington LLC
a Nevada LLC
EIN: 83-3016436
Maverick Design LLC
(f/k/a Maverick 
Louisiana LLC)
a Nevada LLC
EIN: 84-4038091
E.GADS, LLC
a Nevada LLC
EIN: 88-0386811
Colorado MG 
1031 LLC
a Colorado LLC
EIN: N/A
Maverick 
American LLC
a Nevada LLC
EIN: 83-3056514
Maverick 
Indianola LLC
a Nevada LLC
EIN: N/A
Maverick 
Caribbean LLC
a Nevada LLC
EIN: 83-3112229
Maverick Wizards LLC
a Nevada LLC
EIN: 84-2542856
Maverick 
Evergreen LLC
a Nevada LLC
EIN: 88-3756541
Maverick All 
Star LLC
a Nevada LLC
EIN: 84-4103098
Maverick Roman LLC
a Nevada LLC
EIN: 83-3032272
Skyway Center LLC
a Washington LLC
EIN: 84-4680124
The Royal Club Limited 
Liability Company
a Washington LLC
EIN: 91-2022535
Grand Central 
Casino, Inc 
a Washington 
Corporation
EIN: 20-1185770
Evergreen 
Entertainment 
Corporation 
a Washington 
Corporation
EIN: 91-1494511
Grand Central 
Properties Tukwila LLC 
a Washington LLC
EIN: 91-2131516
Pair O’Dice
Investments, LLC 
a Washington LLC
EIN: 75-2998125
Grand Central 
Properties Tacoma LLC 
a Washington LLC
EIN: 47-0860942
Grand Central 
Properties Everett LLC 
a Washington LLC
EIN: 82-0539310
Great American 
Gaming Corporation 
a Washington 
Corporation
EIN: 98-0219105
Maverick 
Kirkland LLC
a Nevada LLC
EIN: 84-2563815
Maverick
Yakima LLC
a Nevada LLC
EIN: 84-2611372
Maverick 
Lakewood LLC
a Nevada LLC
EIN: 84-2595886
Maverick
Kirkland II LLC
a Nevada LLC
EIN: 84-2568874
Maverick 
Tukwila LLC
a Nevada LLC
EIN: 84-2585842
15743 Ambaum LLC 
a Washington LLC
EIN: 27-0758995
Tacoma 
Casino, LLC
a Washington LLC
EIN: 91-1933585
Riverside Casino, Inc
a Washington 
Corporation
EIN: 68-0508209
Pete’s Flying 
Aces, Inc.
a Washington LLC
EIN: 91-2137136
Epstein Gaming, LLC
a Washington LLC
EIN: 91-1926419
La Center Gaming, LLC
a Washington LLC
EIN: 30-0843028
14040 Gaming, LLC
a Washington LLC
EIN: 80-0789091
Gaming 
Consultants, Inc
a Washington 
Corporation
EIN: 91-19785223
Gaming Management, 
Inc
a Washington 
Corporation
EIN: 84-1688364
Puget Sound 
Gaming, LLC
a Washington LLC
EIN: 27-3306701
Maverick Acquisitions 
Canada ULC
a British Columbia 
unlimited LC
f/k/a Evergreen 
Gaming Corporation
EIN: 98-1718671
Washington 
Gaming, Inc
a Washington 
Corporation
EIN: 27-0005860 
Myers LLC
a Washington LLC
EIN: 93-2004498
Maverick Gold LLC
(f/k/a Maverick 
Casinos LLC)
a Nevada LLC
EIN: 83-0985409
Nevada Gold & 
Casinos, Inc
a Nevada Corporation
EIN: 88-0142032
NG Washington II 
Holdings, LLC
a Delaware LLC
EIN: 27-2667916
NG Washington 
III, LLC
a Washington LLC
EIN: 45-2343811
NG Washington, LLC
a Washington LLC
EIN: 26-4298788
NG Washington 
II, LLC
a Washington LLC
EIN: 27-2282337
RunItOneTime HoldCo, Inc. 
(f/k/a Maverick Gaming HoldCo, Inc.)
a Washington Corporation
EIN: 33-2604154
Maverick NV LLC
(f/k/a Maverick 
Gaming LLC & 
888Gaming LLC)
a Nevada Series LLC
EIN: 82-1309315
Maverick 
Wendover LLC 
(f/k/a Wendover 
Gaming LLC)
a Nevada LLC 
EIN: 82-1841921
Maverick Elko LLC
a Nevada LLC 
EIN: 83-3205482
Utah Trailways Charter 
Bus Company, LLC 
a Utah LLC
EIN: 45-3705893
Casino 
Caravans, Inc.
a Utah corporation
EIN: 87-0429310
CCI Leasing LLC 
a Utah LLC
EIN: 84-1412112
Wendover 
Transportation LLC 
a Nevada LLC
EIN: 83-0422308
RunItOneTime
Texas LLC 
a Texas LLC
EIN: 39-3167995
Maverick Poker 
Operator LLC
a Washington LLC
EIN: 99-1183603
Maverick Z 
Casinos LLC 
a Nevada LLC
EIN: 83-3169224
Borrower under Credit Agreement
Parties to Angelo Gordon Master Lease
Legend:
Parties to Blue Owl Master Lease
Licensed Operator Guarantor Equity Pledgor
Leases
Prepetition Credit Agreement
Guarantor under Credit Agreement
Not directly obligated under Credit Agreement
Red Garter 
Operator, LLC
a Nevada LLC
EIN: 82-1154028
Wendover Nugget 
Operator, LLC
a Nevada LLC
EIN: 82-1140830
Wendover Resorts 
Operator, LLC 
a Nevada LLC
EIN: 82-1184532
Red Lion Operator, LLC
a Nevada LLC
EIN: 83-2409419
High Desert 
Operator LLC
a Nevada LLC
EIN: 85-2788033
Gold Country 
Operator, LLC
a Nevada LLC
EIN: 83-2395657
Elko Resorts Operator, 
LLC
a Nevada LLC
EIN: 83-2386721
Nevada Licensed Operators
Johnny Z Casino 
Operator LLC
a Nevada LLC
EIN:83-3094880
Grand Z Casino 
Operator LLC
a Nevada LLC
EIN: 83-3151280
Z Casino Black Hawk 
Operator LLC
a Nevada LLC
EIN: 83-3129123
10
0
%
Colorado Resorts 
Operator, LLC 
a Nevada LLC
EIN: 83-3073197
Colorado Licensed Operators
Case 25-90191   Document 18   Filed in TXSB on 07/14/25   Page 108 of 110

=== page 109 ===
 
 
Exhibit C 
Approved Budget 
 
Case 25-90191   Document 18   Filed in TXSB on 07/14/25   Page 109 of 110

=== page 110 ===
Maverick Gaming 
Inteirm DIP Budget
Post-Petition
Post-Petition
Post-Petition
Post-Petition
Post-Petition
Week Ending
7/20/25
7/27/25
8/3/25
8/10/25
4-Week Total
Receipts
Washington
2,301,212
$                         
2,301,212
$                         
2,488,504
$                         
2,316,724
$                         
9,407,651
$                         
Colorado
805,339
                              
805,339
                              
818,150
                              
826,236
                              
3,255,064
                           
Wendover
817,577
                              
817,577
                              
869,476
                              
899,719
                              
3,404,350
                           
Elko
440,062
                              
440,062
                              
450,526
                              
456,624
                              
1,787,274
                           
Egads
285,796
                              
314,875
                              
421,056
                              
198,657
                              
1,220,384
                           
Total Operating Receipts
4,649,986
$                         
4,679,065
$                         
5,047,712
$                         
4,697,960
$                         
19,074,723
$                       
Other
-
                                         
-
                                         
-
                                         
-
                                         
-
                                         
Total Receipts
4,649,986
$                         
4,679,065
$                         
5,047,712
$                         
4,697,960
$                         
19,074,723
$                       
Methodology Disbursements
Payroll & Benefits
3,545,010
$                         
1,849,334
$                         
3,545,010
$                         
1,849,334
$                         
10,788,688
$                       
Rent
-
                                         
-
                                         
-
                                         
2,618,087
                           
2,618,087
                           
Insurance
-
                                         
-
                                         
-
                                         
-
                                         
-
                                         
Information Technology
24,286
                                
24,286
                                
24,286
                                
24,286
                                
97,143
                                
Utilities
100,478
                              
100,478
                              
100,478
                              
100,478
                              
401,911
                              
Other
20,000
                                
20,000
                                
20,000
                                
20,000
                                
80,000
                                
Total Methodology Disbursements
3,689,773
$                         
1,994,098
$                         
3,689,773
$                         
4,612,185
$                         
13,985,829
$                       
Non-Methodology Disbursements
Gaming Participation & Equipment Fees
68,342
$                              
68,342
$                              
68,342
$                              
68,342
$                              
273,367
$                            
Food & Beverage
113,528
                              
113,528
                              
113,528
                              
113,528
                              
454,112
                              
Repairs & Maintenance
18,169
                                
18,169
                                
18,169
                                
18,169
                                
72,675
                                
Professional Services
13,833
                                
13,833
                                
13,833
                                
13,833
                                
55,332
                                
Tax
350,000
                              
-
                                         
-
                                         
2,748,176
                           
3,098,176
                           
Supplies
13,282
                                
13,282
                                
13,282
                                
13,282
                                
53,129
                                
Advertising & Marketing
18,060
                                
18,060
                                
18,060
                                
18,060
                                
72,240
                                
General Corporate
146,945
                              
146,945
                              
146,945
                              
146,945
                              
587,782
                              
Corporate Allocations
44,764
                                
44,764
                                
44,764
                                
44,764
                                
179,057
                              
Egads Material Costs
350,395
                              
48,073
                                
112,745
                              
319,828
                              
831,040
                              
Egads Other
20,000
                                
20,000
                                
20,000
                                
20,000
                                
80,000
                                
Total Non-Methodology Disbursements
1,157,318
$                         
504,996
$                            
569,668
$                            
3,524,927
$                         
5,756,909
$                         
Operating Cash Flow
(197,105)
$                          
2,179,971
$                         
788,271
$                            
(3,439,153)
$                       
(668,015)
$                          
Cumulative Operating Cash Flow
(197,105)
                            
1,982,867
                           
2,771,137
                           
(668,015)
                            
(668,015)
                            
Critical Vendors & 503(b)(9)
Critical Vendors
350,974
$                            
350,974
$                            
350,974
$                            
350,974
$                            
1,403,895
$                         
503(b)(9)
110,205
                              
110,205
                              
110,205
                              
110,205
                              
440,820
                              
Total Critical Vendors & 503(b)(9)
461,179
$                            
461,179
$                            
461,179
$                            
461,179
$                            
1,844,715
$                         
Non-Operating
DIP Loan and 1L Rollup Interest
-
$                                       
-
$                                       
85,968
$                              
-
$                                       
85,968
$                              
Capital Expenditures
25,000
                                
25,000
                                
25,000
                                
25,000
                                
100,000
                              
Total Non-Operating Disbursements
25,000
$                              
25,000
$                              
110,968
$                            
25,000
$                              
185,968
$                            
Restructuring Disbursements
Restructuring Professionals 
1,255,000
$                         
912,500
$                            
1,075,000
$                         
985,000
$                            
4,227,500
$                         
Other
-
                                         
-
                                         
-
                                         
-
                                         
-
                                         
Total Restructuring Disbursements
1,255,000
$                         
912,500
$                            
1,075,000
$                         
985,000
$                            
4,227,500
$                         
Total Disbursements
6,588,270
$                         
3,897,773
$                         
5,906,587
$                         
9,608,291
$                         
26,000,921
$                       
Liquidity
Beginning Bank Cash Balance
16,809,496
$                       
22,371,212
$                       
23,152,505
$                       
22,293,629
$                       
16,809,496
$                       
(-) Restricted Cash - Regulatory Cash (as of 7/11/25)
(7,753,329)
                         
(7,753,329)
                         
(7,753,329)
                         
(7,753,329)
                         
(7,753,329)
                         
(-) Restricted Cash - Progressive Funds (as of 7/11/25)
(5,982,391)
                         
(5,982,391)
                         
(5,982,391)
                         
(5,982,391)
                         
(5,982,391)
                         
(-) Deposits in ATM & in Transit (as of 7/11/25)
(2,164,871)
                         
(2,164,871)
                         
(2,164,871)
                         
(2,164,871)
                         
(2,164,871)
                         
(-) O/S Checks (as of 7/11/25)
(403,898)
                            
(403,898)
                            
(403,898)
                            
(403,898)
                            
(403,898)
                            
Beginning "Usable" Book Cash Balance
505,007
$                            
6,066,723
$                         
6,848,016
$                         
5,989,140
$                         
505,007
$                            
Net Cash Flow
(1,938,284)
                         
781,293
                              
(858,876)
                            
(4,910,332)
                         
(6,926,198)
                         
DIP Funding
7,500,000
                           
-
                                         
-
                                         
-
                                         
7,500,000
                           
Ending "Usable" Book Cash Balance
6,066,723
$                         
6,848,016
$                         
5,989,140
$                         
1,078,809
$                         
1,078,809
$                         
Debt Rollforward
Beginning DIP Balance
-
$                                       
8,250,000
$                         
8,250,000
$                         
8,250,000
$                         
-
$                                       
DIP Funding
7,500,000
                           
-
                                         
-
                                         
-
                                         
7,500,000
                           
PIK Upfront Fees (10%)
750,000
                              
-
                                         
-
                                         
-
                                         
750,000
                              
Ending DIP Balance
8,250,000
$                         
8,250,000
$                         
8,250,000
$                         
8,250,000
$                         
8,250,000
$                         
DIP Cash Interest (SOFR + 12.5%)
-
$                                       
-
$                                       
53,625
$                              
-
$                                       
53,625
$                              
Beginning 1L Balance
-
$                                       
15,572,358
$                       
15,572,358
$                       
15,667,589
$                       
-
$                                       
1L Roll-up
15,572,358
                         
-
                                         
-
                                         
-
                                         
15,572,358
                         
1L PIK Interest (SOFR + 11.5%)
-
                                         
-
                                         
95,231
                                
-
                                         
95,231
                                
Ending 1L Balance
15,572,358
$                       
15,572,358
$                       
15,667,589
$                       
15,667,589
$                       
15,667,589
$                       
1L Roll-up Interest (SOFR + 1.0%)
-
$                                       
-
$                                       
32,343
$                              
-
$                                       
32,343
$                              
Case 25-90191   Document 18   Filed in TXSB on 07/14/25   Page 110 of 110

