=== page 1 ===
Case 25-11853-KBO    Doc 396-2    Filed 03/31/26    Page 1 of 551

EXHIBIT B

=== page 2 ===
Case 25-11853-KBO    Doc 396-2    Filed 03/31/26    Page 2 of 551

CLOSING AGREEMENT

THIS CLOSING AGREEMENT (this “Agreement”) is dated as of the 3rd day of May, 2022 
(the “Effective Date”), by and among CSC HUDSON, LLC, a Delaware limited liability company (“CSC 
Purchaser”), HUDSON 1702, LLC, a Delaware limited liability company (“CSC Unit 2 Tenant”), 
HUDSON 1701/1706, LLC, a Delaware limited liability company (“CSC Unit 1 Tenant”; and together 
with CSC Unit 2 Tenant, collectively, “Ground Tenant”) and 356W58 GROUND LESSOR LLC, a 
Delaware limited liability company (“MSP”). CSC Purchaser and Ground Tenant are referred to herein, 
collectively, as “CSC”.

WITNESSETH:

WHEREAS, CSC Purchaser is a party to that certain Purchase and Sale Agreement by and between 
EC 58th Street LLC, a Delaware limited liability company (“Seller”), as seller, and CSC Purchaser, as 
purchaser, dated February 3, 2022, as amended by that First Amendment to Agreement of Purchase and 
Sale dated April 19, 2022 (the “Original PSA”), a true, correct and complete copy of which is attached 
hereto as Exhibit A-1, with respect to the real property known as the Hudson Hotel, having the street address 
of 353-361 West 57th Street a/k/a 356 West 58th Street, New York, New York, Borough of Manhattan, 
City, County and State of New York, as more particularly described in the PSA (the “Building”);

WHEREAS, on the Effective Date, CSC Purchaser assigned all of its right, title and interest in and 
to the Original PSA to MSP (excluding the Store Unit), and further amended the Original PSA pursuant to 
that certain Assignment, Assumption and Modification to Purchase and Sale Agreement (the “PSA 
Assumption and Amendment”; and together with the Original PSA, collectively, the “PSA”), dated as of 
the Effective Date, by and among Seller, CSC Purchaser, 353W57 1704, LLC, a Delaware limited liability 
company (“CSC Store Purchaser”) and MSP, a true, correct and complete copy of which is attached hereto 
as Exhibit A-2;

WHEREAS, capitalized terms used herein but not otherwise defined herein shall have the 
meanings set forth in the PSA;

WHEREAS, as a condition to the Closing, (i) Ground Tenant and MSP shall enter into a 99-year 
ground lease in a form to be mutually agreed upon by Ground Tenant and MSP, each in their sole and 
absolute discretion (the “Ground Lease”) pursuant to which MSP, as ground landlord (in such capacity, 
“Ground Landlord”) shall lease the Owned Units of the Building to Ground Tenant, (ii) Seller shall assign 
its leasehold interest in the Tenth Floor Unit  to MSP and MSP, as sublandlord (in such capacity, 
“Sublandlord”), shall sublease the Tenth Floor Unit to CSC Unit 1 Tenant, as subtenant (in such capacity, 
“Subtenant”), pursuant to a sublease in the form attached hereto as Exhibit C (the “Sublease”), (iii) 
pursuant to the Ground Lease and Sublease, Ground Tenant shall commence renovation of the Building 
into an approximately 400-unit market rate multifamily development (subject to the SRO Tenants), as 
further described in the Ground Lease (the “Project”) and cause Alberto Smeke Saba, an individual, and 
Salomon Smeke Saba, an individual (collectively, “Guarantor”) to execute and deliver the Project 
Guaranties (hereinafter defined) and the Indemnity Agreement (hereinafter defined), each in a form 
mutually agreed upon by MSP and Guarantor, each in their sole and absolute discretion, and (iv) Ground 
Tenant shall enter into the Construction Loan (hereinafter defined); and

WHEREAS, the Closing under the PSA shall occur on the Closing Date.

1

4866-0049-6406, v. 12
61458/0006-42946111v5

=== page 3 ===
Case 25-11853-KBO    Doc 396-2    Filed 03/31/26    Page 3 of 551

NOW, THEREFORE, in consideration of the mutual covenants and agreements set forth herein 
and for other good and valuable consideration, the receipt and sufficiency of which are hereby 
acknowledged, and intending to be legally bound, the parties hereto hereby agree as follows:

1. 
Defined Terms.  All initially capitalized terms used herein and not otherwise expressly 
defined herein shall have the meanings given to such terms in the PSA.  The parties acknowledge that the 
recitals set forth above are true and correct and are incorporated into this Agreement. In addition, as used 
herein, the following terms shall have the following meanings:  
 
 
 
 
 
“Affiliate” means, as to any Person, any other Person that (i) directly or indirectly owns twenty-
five percent (25%) or more of all equity interests in such Person and/or (ii) directly or indirectly Controls, 
is Controlled by or is under common Control with, such Person.

“Business Day” shall mean a day on which banks are required to be open for business within the 
State of New York, and shall not include (i) any Saturday or Sunday, (ii) any national holiday, or (iii) any 
holiday within the State of New York.

“Code” shall mean the Internal Revenue Code of 1986, as amended. 
 
“CONH” means a Certificate of No Harassment, issued by HPD in accordance with the CONH 
Regulations.

“CONH Application” means the application for a CONH to be filed with HPD in order to satisfy 
the CONH Requirement.

“CONH Exemption Application” shall have the meaning to be set forth in the Ground Lease. 
 
“CONH Exemption Denial” shall have the meaning to be set forth in the Ground Lease. 
 
“CONH Requirement” means the requirement of HPD that an applicant must obtain either a 
CONH or CONH Exemption with respect to the subject building prior to commencing certain categories of 
work at a building if such building is (i) an SRO or contains SRO units, (ii) located in one of the specified 
geographic anti-harassment areas identified by HPD (including, without limitation, due to the building’s 
location within a Special Zoning District), or (iii) on HPD’s Pilot Program List.

“CONH Regulations” means, collectively, any and all Legal Requirements governing the CONH 
Requirement with respect to buildings located in New York City, including, without limitation, the Multiple 
Dwelling Law, the New York Administrative Code, and HPD internal procedures, as the same may be 
modified from time to time.

“Construction Lender” shall mean Parkview Financial REIT, LP, a Delaware limited partnership.  
 
“Construction Loan” shall mean that certain leasehold construction loan, in the aggregate 
principal amount of $207,000,000.00, made by Construction Lender to Ground Tenant pursuant to the 
Construction Loan Documents, which Construction Loan will (i) fund the construction and development of 
the Project and (ii) be secured by a mortgage on each of Ground Tenant’s ground leasehold interest in the 
Owned Units and Subtenant’s subleasehold interest in the Tenth Floor Unit.

“Construction Loan Documents” shall mean any and all documents, instruments, and agreements 
evidencing or securing the Construction Loan entered into concurrently with the Closing Date.

2 
 
 
4866-0049-6406, v. 12 
61458/0006-42946111v5

=== page 4 ===
Case 25-11853-KBO    Doc 396-2    Filed 03/31/26    Page 4 of 551

“Control” means, with respect to a Person, the possession, directly or indirectly, of the power to 
direct or cause the direction of the management or policies of such Person, whether through voting 
securities, contract or otherwise. “Controlled”, “Controlling” and “under common Control with” shall have 
correlative meanings.

“Draw Request” means a draw request for an advance of the Construction Loan in the form 
required by the Construction Loan Documents.

“Ground Landlord REIT” shall mean The Ground Lease REIT, Inc., a Maryland corporation. 
 
“HPD” means the New York City Department of Housing Preservation and Development. 
 
“Indemnified Parties” means (i) MSP, The Ground Lease REIT, LP, a Delaware limited 
partnership, and GLP REIT Advisors, LLC, a Delaware limited liability company and (ii) each of 
their respective directors, officers, shareholders, partners, members, employees, agents, servants, 
representatives, lenders, Affiliates, subsidiaries, participants, managers, successors and assigns of 
any and all of the foregoing, including, without limitation, any successors by merger, consolidation 
or acquisition of all or a substantial portion of MSP’s (or any Affiliate of MSP’s) assets and 
business.

“Indemnity Agreement” means an indemnity agreement with respect to certain of Ground 
Tenant’s indemnification obligations under the Ground Lease with respect to operation of the 
Condominium and compliance with the Alternative Agreement, made by Ground Tenant and Guarantor in 
favor of Landlord.

“Leasehold Financing Agreement” means an agreement between MSP and Construction Lender 
in a form mutually agreed upon by MSP and Construction Lender with respect to priority and enforcement 
of the Project Guaranties, and such other matters as MSP and Construction Lender shall mutually agree.

“Losses” means any and all claims, suits, liabilities (including, without limitation, strict 
liabilities), actions, proceedings, obligations, debts, damages, losses, costs, expenses, diminutions 
in value, fines, taxes, penalties, charges, fees, expenses, judgments, awards, amounts paid in 
settlement and damages of whatever kind or nature (including, without limitation, reasonable 
attorneys’ fees, court costs and other costs of defense).

“Person” means any individual, corporation, partnership, limited liability company, joint venture, 
association, joint-stock company, trust (including a business trust), non-incorporated organization or 
government or any agency or political subdivision thereof or any other entity.

“Project” means the renovation and conversion of the Property into a multifamily residential 
building in accordance with and subject to the terms of the Ground Lease and the Construction Loan 
Documents.

“Project Guaranties” means, collectively, (i) a completion guaranty with respect to completion of 
the Project, made by Guarantor in favor of MSP, (ii) a carry guaranty with respect to rent and operating 
costs with respect to the Property, made by Guarantor in favor of MSP, and (iii) an environmental indemnity 
agreement with respect to the Property, made by Ground Tenant and Guarantor in favor of MSP.

“Qualified Institutional Lender” shall have the meaning to be set forth in the Ground Lease.

3 
 
 
4866-0049-6406, v. 12 
61458/0006-42946111v5

=== page 5 ===
Case 25-11853-KBO    Doc 396-2    Filed 03/31/26    Page 5 of 551

“REIT” means a real estate investment trust within the meaning of Section 856 of the Code and 
the regulations promulgated thereunder.

“SRO” means a Single Room Occupancy multiple dwelling, as defined in the New York Multiple 
Dwelling Law.

2. 
Purchase Price.

(a) 
Pursuant to and subject to the terms and conditions set forth in the PSA 
Assumption and Amendment, MSP has agreed to assume certain obligations of the Purchaser under the 
PSA, including the obligation to pay the Purchase Price on the Closing Date. In settlement of this Purchase 
Price, MSP shall be responsible for and shall fund $170,000,000 (the “Purchase Proceeds”) to Escrow 
Agent at Closing, and the remaining $37,500,000 of the Purchase Price shall be paid by CSC, of which 
$36,850,000.00 is attributable to Tenant’s acquisition of the Personal Property from Seller and a 
contribution to the consideration paid by Purchaser for the Owned Units and the Tenth Floor Lease (it being 
agreed that $650,000 is attributable solely to CSC Store Purchaser’s acquisition of the Store Unit Lease). 
Any Deposit funded by CSC prior to the Closing in accordance with the PSA shall be credited towards 
CSC’s funding of its portion of the Purchase Price.

3. 
Closing; Closing Costs.

(a) 
The consummation of the transactions contemplated hereunder and the 
consummation of the purchase of the Property pursuant to the PSA shall take place simultaneously, at the 
location specified for the Closing in the PSA on the Closing Date, with TIME BEING OF THE ESSENCE 
as to MSP and CSC.  MSP and CSC agree that (i) MSP shall timely deliver to the Escrow Agent the 
Purchase Proceeds and (ii) each of MSP and CSC shall deliver to the Escrow Agent all documentation 
necessary to consummate the transactions contemplated by this Agreement and the PSA.

(b) 
Notwithstanding anything to the contrary set forth in the PSA, any and all closing 
costs due from Purchaser under the PSA in connection with the Closing shall be paid by CSC.

(c) 
In addition, CSC shall be responsible for the following: (i) any applicable state, 
county, municipal and/or local conveyance taxes with respect to the transactions contemplated by this 
Agreement and the Ground Lease (but excluding any transfer taxes required to be paid by Seller under the 
PSA), (ii) all title insurance premiums (including, without limitation, any and all premiums charged by the 
Title Company for endorsements and affirmative coverages to MSP’s title policy), (iii) any escrow fees 
charged by Escrow Agent to the extent such escrow fees are not required to be paid by Seller under the 
PSA, (iv) all recording fees and charges for the Memorandum of Ground Lease and Memorandum of 
Sublease, or otherwise related to the Ground Lease or Sublease, (v) all mortgage taxes and recording fees 
and other costs, related to the recording and/or filing of the Construction Loan Documents, (vi) any other 
costs or expenses incurred by MSP in connection with the Closing or the signing of this Agreement 
(including, without limitation, third party due diligence costs and construction consultant fees incurred by 
MSP), not to exceed Three Hundred Fifty Thousand and 00/100 Dollars ($350,000.00) and (vii) Five 
Hundred and Ninety-Five Thousand and 00/100 Dollars ($595,000.00) on the Closing Date to GLR REIT 
Advisors, LLC as consideration for advisory and management services rendered to CSC by GLR REIT 
Advisors, LLC in connection with the execution of this Agreement and consummation of the transactions 
contemplated herein.

4. 
Violations. Notwithstanding anything to the contrary set forth in the PSA, following the

4 
 
 
4866-0049-6406, v. 12 
61458/0006-42946111v5

=== page 6 ===
Case 25-11853-KBO    Doc 396-2    Filed 03/31/26    Page 6 of 551

Closing, Ground Tenant shall be responsible for curing any current or future Violations on the Property in 
accordance with and pursuant to the terms and conditions set forth in the Ground Lease and Sublease.

5. 
Conveyance of Title. Notwithstanding anything to the contrary set forth in the PSA, the 
following shall apply with respect to the conveyance of Seller’s fee interest in the Owned Units and 
leasehold interest in the Tenth Floor Unit to MSP:

(a) 
From and after Closing, pursuant to the Ground Lease and Sublease, MSP shall 
not be responsible for performing and shall have no liability under any of the Warranties, Permits, or Service 
Contracts conveyed by Seller pursuant to the PSA and all Personal Property shall be the property of Ground 
Tenant; and

(b) 
MSP shall have no right, title or interest in and to the Store Unit or the Store Unit 
Lease (it being agreed that CSC Store Purchaser shall take assignment of the Store Unit Lease directly from 
Seller at Closing in accordance with the PSA Assumption and Modification) and any and all continuing 
liabilities or obligations with respect to the Store Unit or the Store Unit Lease under the PSA shall be the 
responsibility of CSC Store Purchaser.

6. 
Conditions Precedent. CSC hereby acknowledges and agrees that the obligation of MSP 
to consummate the transactions contemplated by this Agreement and the PSA are subject to the satisfaction 
of the following conditions precedent:

(a) 
the representations and warranties of CSC contained in this Agreement shall be 
true, correct and accurate on the Closing Date in all material respects;

(b) 
Construction Lender shall have (i) approved of and consented to the Ground Lease 
(in the form mutually agreed upon by MSP and CSC) and the transactions contemplated thereby, (ii) 
executed and delivered the Ground Lease Assignments and Leasehold Financing Agreement, and (iii) 
irrevocably committed to fund the Construction Loan to Ground Tenant pursuant to the Construction Loan 
Documents, including, without limitation an amount equal to $34,228,632.15 (the “Enhanced Severance 
Escrow Amount”), which amount shall be deposited with First American Title Insurance Company, as 
escrow agent (“Enhanced Severance Escrow Agent”) to be distributed in accordance with the Enhanced 
Severance Escrow Agreement; and

(c) 
MSP shall have approved (such approval not to be unreasonably withheld, 
conditioned or delayed) each of the following with respect to the Project: (1) preliminary plans and 
specifications, (2) project budget, (3) construction contract(s) (including, without limitation, any general 
contractor’s agreement, construction management agreement or guaranteed maximum price contract), (4) 
construction schedule, and (5) such other key matters regarding the Project as determined in MSP’s 
reasonable discretion.

7. 
Closing Deliveries.

(a) 
At the Closing, CSC (on behalf of itself and any other Affiliates of CSC), at its 
sole cost and expense, shall deliver to MSP (through escrow with Escrow Agent, as applicable), the 
following:

(i) 
the Ground Lease, executed by CSC;

5 
 
 
4866-0049-6406, v. 12 
61458/0006-42946111v5

=== page 7 ===
Case 25-11853-KBO    Doc 396-2    Filed 03/31/26    Page 7 of 551

(ii) 
the Memorandum of Ground Lease in the form attached to the Ground 
Lease, executed by CSC;

(iii) 
the Sublease, executed by CSC Unit 1 Tenant;

(iv) 
the Memorandum of Sublease in the form attached to the Sublease, 
executed by CSC;

(v) 
the Project Guaranties, each executed by Guarantor;

(vi) 
the Indemnity Agreement, executed by Guarantor;

(vii) 
such other documents, instruments and agreements as MSP shall 
reasonably require (which documents shall be in substantially similar forms to those required by 
Construction Lender) with respect to the assignment and subordination of any construction contracts, 
including any construction contract with Tenant’s general contractor with respect to the Project 
(collectively, the “Ground Lease Assignments”), executed by Ground Tenant and any applicable 
contractors;

(viii) 
a memorandum from Tang Studio Architect, LLC in the form attached 
hereto as Exhibit B that demonstrates the Project is permitted as-of-right under the zoning classification 
and regulations applicable to the Building;

(ix) 
a memorandum from Kucker Marino Winiarsky & Bittens, LLP in the 
form attached hereto as Exhibit F that sets forth the procedure by which Ground Tenant intends to pursue 
satisfaction of the CONH Requirement in accordance with the Ground Lease, together with (A) the 
completed CONH Exemption Application to be submitted to HPD, in the form attached hereto as Exhibit 
D-1 (which form may be thereafter amended, which amendment shall be subject to approval by MSP) and 
(B) the completed CONH Application to be submitted to HPD if the Ground Tenant receives a CONH 
Exemption Denial, in the form attached hereto as Exhibit D-2 (which form may be thereafter amended, 
which amendment shall be subject to approval by MSP);

(x) 
true, correct and complete copies of all the Construction Loan Documents, 
which Construction Loan Documents shall be acceptable to MSP in its reasonable discretion;

(xi) 
evidence of insurance with respect to the Property required by the terms 
of the Ground Lease;

(xii) 
a copy of the completed Draw Request and such other documents, 
instruments and agreements as are required pursuant to the Construction Loan Documents for CSC to obtain 
the initial advance of the Construction Loan; and

(xiii) 
the Leasehold Financing Agreement, executed by Construction Lender 
and Tenant;

(xiv) 
the Assignment and Assumption of the Alternative Agreement, executed 
by CSC;

(xv) 
that certain Enhanced Severance Escrow Agreement, in the form attached

6

4866-0049-6406, v. 12
61458/0006-42946111v5

=== page 8 ===
Case 25-11853-KBO    Doc 396-2    Filed 03/31/26    Page 8 of 551

hereto as Exhibit H (the “Enhanced Severance Escrow Agreement”), executed by Tenant, Construction 
Lender, Enhanced Severance Escrow Agent and acknowledged by Jackson Lewis, P.C.;

(xvi) 
such other documents, instruments and/or deliveries as are required to be 
delivered by CSC or Guarantor pursuant to the terms of this Agreement, the Ground Lease, the Sublease or 
the PSA Assignment and Assumption Agreement.

(b) 
At Closing, in addition to all items required to be delivered by the Purchaser under 
the PSA which shall be delivered by MSP to Escrow Agent in accordance with the terms of the PSA, MSP 
is delivering to the CSC or Escrow Agent, as applicable:

(i) 
the Ground Lease, executed by MSP;

(ii) 
the Memorandum of Ground Lease in the form attached to the Ground 
Lease, executed by MSP;

(iii) 
the Sublease, executed by MSP;

(iv) 
the Memorandum of Sublease in the form attached to the Sublease, 
executed by MSP;

(v) 
the Leasehold Financing Agreement, executed by MSP;

(vi) 
the Ground Lease Assignments, executed by MSP;

(vii) 
the Assignment and Assumption of the Alternative Agreement, executed 
by MSP;

(viii) 
the Enhanced Severance Escrow Agreement, executed by Landlord; and

(ix) 
such other documents, instruments and/or deliveries as are required to be 
delivered by MSP pursuant to the terms of this Agreement or the PSA.

8.
CSC’s Representations and Warranties.  CSC represents and warrants to MSP that the
following are true and correct as of the Effective Date:

(a) 
CSC Purchaser is a limited liability company, duly established and validly existing 
and is, or shall be at the Closing, in good standing under the laws of the State of Delaware and, has the full 
power and authority to execute and deliver this Agreement, the PSA Assumption and Modification, and all 
documents executed and delivered by it pursuant to this Agreement (collectively, the “CSC Purchaser 
Documents”) and to perform all obligations arising under this Agreement and CSC Purchaser Documents.  
The execution, delivery and performance of this Agreement and all of the CSC Purchaser Documents at 
Closing by CSC Purchaser (i) are within CSC Purchaser’s limited liability company powers, (ii) have been 
or will be duly authorized by all necessary limited liability company action, and (iii) do not violate the 
organizational documents of CSC Purchaser, or, any order, judgment or decree to which CSC Purchaser is 
a party or by which it is bound.

(b) 
CSC Unit 1 Tenant is a limited liability company, duly established and validly 
existing and is, or shall be at the Closing, in good standing under the laws of the State of Delaware and, has

7

4866-0049-6406, v. 12
61458/0006-42946111v5

=== page 9 ===
Case 25-11853-KBO    Doc 396-2    Filed 03/31/26    Page 9 of 551

the full power and authority to execute and deliver this Agreement, the Ground Lease, the Sublease and all 
documents executed and delivered by it pursuant to this Agreement (collectively, the “CSC Unit 1 Tenant 
Documents”) and to perform all obligations arising under this Agreement and CSC Unit 1 Tenant 
Documents.  The execution, delivery and performance of this Agreement and all of the CSC Unit 1 Tenant 
Documents at Closing by CSC Unit 1 Tenant (i) are within CSC Unit 1 Tenant’s limited liability company 
powers, (ii) have been or will be duly authorized by all necessary limited liability company action, and (iii) 
do not violate the organizational documents of CSC Unit 1 Tenant, or, any order, judgment or decree to 
which CSC Unit 1 Tenant is a party or by which it is bound.

(c) 
CSC Unit 2 Tenant is a limited liability company, duly established and validly 
existing and is, or shall be at the Closing, in good standing under the laws of the State of Delaware and, has 
the full power and authority to execute and deliver this Agreement, the Ground Lease and all documents 
executed and delivered by it pursuant to this Agreement (collectively, the “CSC Unit 2 Tenant 
Documents”) and to perform all obligations arising under this Agreement and CSC Unit 2 Tenant 
Documents.  The execution, delivery and performance of this Agreement and all of the CSC Unit 2 Tenant 
Documents at Closing by CSC Unit 2 Tenant (i) are within CSC Unit 2 Tenant’s limited liability company 
powers, (ii) have been or will be duly authorized by all necessary limited liability company action, and (iii) 
do not violate the organizational documents of CSC Unit 2 Tenant, or, any order, judgment or decree to 
which CSC Unit 2 Tenant is a party or by which it is bound.

(d) 
The copy of the Original PSA and PSA Assumption and Amendment attached 
hereto as Exhibit A-1 and A-2, respectively, is a true, correct and complete copy of the PSA, and the PSA 
has not been modified, amended or terminated except as attached hereto, and, to CSC’s knowledge, is in 
full force and effect. To CSC’s actual knowledge, there is no default, event of default, or breach under the 
PSA by CSC, or to CSC’s knowledge, by Seller and no event has occurred that with the notice and the 
expiration of applicable cure or grace period would constitute a default under the PSA.

(e) 
CSC is the “Purchaser” and sole holder of the PSA, and has not heretofore 
assigned, sold, mortgaged, encumbered, pledged or transferred, in whole or in part, its interest in the PSA 
other than its interest in the Store Unit to CSC Store Purchaser and, except with respect to this Agreement, 
has not entered into any contract, binding understanding, binding agreement or binding arrangement with 
any Person to sell, transfer or convey, all or any portion of the PSA or any participation interest therein, 
other than its interest in the Store Unit to CSC Store Purchaser.  There are no rights of first offer to purchase, 
rights of first refusal to purchase, purchase options or similar rights entered into by CSC pertaining to the 
PSA.

(f) 
The execution and delivery of this Agreement and the performance by CSC of its 
obligations hereunder do not require any consent of or filing with or notification to any Governmental 
Authority by CSC, or violate any foreign, federal, state or local laws, common laws, regulations, rules, 
ordinances, orders, codes, licenses, permits, decrees and judgments of or by any Governmental Authority 
to CSC.

(g) 
CSC is not a “foreign person” within the meaning of Section 1445 of the Code.

(h) 
CSC has not made a general assignment for the benefit of creditors, filed any 
voluntary petition in bankruptcy, admitted in writing its inability to pay its debts as they come due, made 
an offer of settlement, extension or composition to its creditors generally or, to CSC’s knowledge, suffered 
(i) the filing of any involuntary petition in bankruptcy, (ii) the filing of any involuntary petition by any of 
its creditors, (iii) the appointment of a receiver to take possession of all, or substantially all, of its assets, 
(iv) the attachment or other judicial seizure of all, or substantially all, of its assets.

8

4866-0049-6406, v. 12
61458/0006-42946111v5

=== page 10 ===
Case 25-11853-KBO    Doc 396-2    Filed 03/31/26    Page 10 of 551

(i) 
Neither CSC nor any of CSC’s affiliates, nor, to CSC’s knowledge, any of their 
respective brokers or other agents acting in any capacity in connection with the transactions contemplated 
by this Agreement, is or will be (i) conducting any business or engaging in any transaction or dealing with 
any person appearing on the U.S. Treasury Department’s OFAC list of prohibited countries, territories, 
“specifically designated nationals” or “blocked person” (each a “Prohibited Person”) (which lists can be 
accessed at the following web address: http://www.ustreas.gov/offices/enforcement/ofac/), including the 
making or receiving of any contribution of funds, goods or services to or for the benefit of any such 
Prohibited Person; (ii) engaging in certain dealings with countries and organizations designated under 
Section 311 of the USA PATRIOT Act as warranting special measures due to money laundering concerns; 
(iii) dealing in, or otherwise engaging in any transaction relating to, any property or interests in property 
blocked pursuant to Executive Order No. 13224 dated September 24, 2001, relating to “Blocking Property 
and Prohibiting Transactions With Persons Who Commit, Threaten to Commit, or Support Terrorism”; (iv) 
a foreign shell bank or any person that a financial institution would be prohibited from transacting with 
under the USA PATRIOT Act; or (v) engaging in or conspiring to engage in any transaction that evades or 
avoids, or has the purpose of evading or avoiding, or attempting to violate, any of the prohibitions set forth 
in (A) any U.S. anti-money laundering law, (B) the Foreign Corrupt Practices Act, (C) the U.S. mail and 
wire fraud statutes, (D) the Travel Act, (E) any similar or successor statutes or (F) any regulations 
promulgated under the foregoing statutes.

(j) 
Neither CSC nor any affiliate of CSC is or is acting on behalf of: (i) an “employee 
benefit plan” within the meaning of Employee Retirement Income Security Act of 1974, as amended 
(“ERISA”), (ii) a “plan” within the meaning of Section 4975 of the Code, or (iii) an entity deemed to hold 
“plan assets” within the meaning of 29 C.F.R. §2510.3-101, as modified by Section 3(42) of ERISA, of any 
such employee benefit plan or plan.

(k) 
The organizational chart of CSC and Ground Tenant attached hereto as Exhibit E 
is true, complete and correct. CSC has provided to MSP all such financial and other information as is 
reasonably necessary for MSP to determine the full, anticipated capitalization of the Ground Tenant and 
the Project.

(l) 
The Alternative Agreement is the only written or oral agreement that has been 
entered into by CSC or any affiliate of CSC with the Hotel Union, 32BJ, L94 (as such terms are defined in 
the Ground Lease) or any other labor union or organization with respect to the Project (or any employees 
to be employed at the Project). A true, correct and complete copy of the Alternative Agreement is attached 
to the PSA Assumption and Amendment.

(m) 
CSC (i) has provided to MSP all documents and related information in its 
possession with respect to the SRO Tenants, (ii) has provided to MSP all documents and related information 
in its possession with respect to the history of the Building pertinent to Ground Tenant’s proposed plans for 
satisfying the CONH Requirement in accordance with the Ground Lease, and (iii) does not, to its 
knowledge, know of any material fact or circumstances that would be reasonably likely to result in a CONH 
Application Denial or finding of harassment with respect to the SRO Tenants.

(n) 
CSC acknowledges, understands, warrants and agrees to comply with its 
continuing obligation to advise MSP of any and all changes in information pertaining to the Building which 
must be disclosed in the CONH Application and/or CONH Exemption Application. CSC shall update any 
CONH Application and/or CONH Exemption Application to adjust for any such information prior to 
Closing (any such changes, modifications or supplements to be approved by MSP in its reasonable 
discretion) and, after Closing, in accordance with the Ground Lease.

9

4866-0049-6406, v. 12
61458/0006-42946111v5

=== page 11 ===
Case 25-11853-KBO    Doc 396-2    Filed 03/31/26    Page 11 of 551

Each of the representations set forth in this Section 8 shall be deemed to have been remade by CSC 
at and as of the Closing Date with the same force and effect as it first made on and as of the Effective Date.

9. 
MSP’s Representations and Warranties. MSP represents and warrants to CSC that the 
following are true and correct as of the Effective Date:

(a) 
this Agreement, the Ground Lease, the Sublease and each Closing Document to be 
executed and delivered by MSP hereunder (collectively, “MSP’s Documents”) constitutes the legal, valid 
and binding obligation of MSP, enforceable against MSP in accordance with its terms. MSP has taken all 
necessary limited liability company action to authorize and approve the execution and delivery of this 
Agreement and all of MSP’s Documents and the consummation of the transactions contemplated thereby.

(b) 
the execution and delivery of this Agreement and MSP’s Documents and the 
performance by MSP of its obligations hereunder do not and will not (a) conflict with or violate any 
judgment, order, writ, injunction or decree of any Governmental Authority with jurisdiction over MSP, or 
(b) violate or constitute a default under any material document or instrument to which MSP is a party or is 
bound or any of MSP’s limited liability company formation or governing documents.

(c) 
MSP is a limited liability company validly existing, and is, or shall be at the 
Closing, in good standing under the laws of the State of Delaware and, has the full power and authority to 
execute and deliver this Agreement, the Ground Lease, the Sublease and all documents executed and 
delivered by it pursuant to this Agreement 
 
 
(d) 
MSP is not and is not acting on behalf of: (i) an “employee benefit plan” within 
the meaning of ERISA, (ii) a “plan” within the meaning of Section 4975 of the Code, or (iii) an entity 
deemed to hold “plan assets” within the meaning of 29 C.F.R. §2510.3-101, as modified by Section 3(42) 
of ERISA, of any such employee benefit plan or plan.

(e) 
Neither MSP nor any of MSP’s affiliates, nor, to MSP’s knowledge, any of their 
respective brokers or other agents acting in any capacity in connection with the transactions contemplated 
by this Agreement, is or will be (i) conducting any business or engaging in any transaction or dealing with 
any Prohibited Person, including the making or receiving of any contribution of funds, goods or services to 
or for the benefit of any such Prohibited Person; (ii) engaging in certain dealings with countries and 
organizations designated under Section 311 of the USA PATRIOT Act as warranting special measures due 
to money laundering concerns; (iii) dealing in, or otherwise engaging in any transaction relating to, any 
property or interests in property blocked pursuant to Executive Order No. 13224 dated September 24, 2001, 
relating to “Blocking Property and Prohibiting Transactions With Persons Who Commit, Threaten to 
Commit, or Support Terrorism”; (iv) a foreign shell bank or any person that a financial institution would 
be prohibited from transacting with under the USA PATRIOT Act; or (v) engaging in or conspiring to 
engage in any transaction that evades or avoids, or has the purpose of evading or avoiding, or attempting to 
violate, any of the prohibitions set forth in (A) any U.S. anti-money laundering law, (B) the Foreign Corrupt 
Practices Act, (C) the U.S. mail and wire fraud statutes, (D) the Travel Act, (E) any similar or successor 
statutes or (F) any regulations promulgated under the foregoing statutes. 
 
 
Each of the representations set forth in this Section 8 shall be deemed to have been remade by MSP 
at and as of the Closing Date with the same force and effect as it first made on and as of the Effective Date.

10. 
10th Floor Sublease. Each of CSC and MSP acknowledge and agree that (i) pursuant to 
the terms of the 10th Floor Lease, 10th Floor Lessor is entitled to ten (10) days’ prior written notice of any 
sublease of the 10th Floor Lease, and (ii) in order to accommodate such obligations, the Sublease shall not

10 
 
 
4866-0049-6406, v. 12 
61458/0006-42946111v5

=== page 12 ===
Case 25-11853-KBO    Doc 396-2    Filed 03/31/26    Page 12 of 551

be deemed to be in full force and effect until ten (10) days after the Closing Date. Notwithstanding the 
foregoing or anything else to the contrary set forth in this Agreement or the Sublease, Subtenant shall be 
liable for all obligations, indemnities and liabilities under the Sublease immediately upon the Closing Date 
(including, without limitation, the payment of rent thereunder), but shall not take possession of the 10th 
Floor Unit until the Sublease becomes effective in accordance with its terms.

11. 
Apportionments. Any and all amounts apportioned as of the Closing Date in accordance 
with Section 11 of the PSA to which the Purchaser is entitled with respect to the Owned Units and the 10th 
Floor Unit shall be retained by CSC in accordance with the Ground Lease and Sublease, as applicable. Any 
and all amounts apportioned as of the Closing Date in accordance with Section 11 of the PSA to which 
Seller is entitled with respect to the Owned Units and the 10th Floor Unit, if received by MSP or CSC after 
the Closing, shall be delivered to Seller in accordance with the terms of the PSA. For the avoidance of 
doubt, CSC Store Unit Purchaser shall be solely responsible for any and all such amounts (whether due to 
Seller or CSC Store Unit Purchaser under the PSA) with respect to the Store Unit and MSP shall have no 
liability therefor.

12. 
Employee Matters. MSP and CSC hereby acknowledge and agree that, notwithstanding 
MSP’s execution and delivery of the Alternative Agreement Assignment, CSC shall be solely responsible 
for and shall indemnify and hold harmless MSP and any Indemnified Parties against any Losses resulting 
from or in any way relating to the performance of all obligations under the Alternative Agreement, as further 
set forth in the Ground Lease and Indemnity Agreement. The provisions of this Section 12 shall survive 
Closing and any termination of this Agreement.

13. 
Local Law 11 Work.

(a) 
Pursuant to the terms of the PSA Assumption and Amendment, from and after 
Closing, CSC shall be solely responsible for overseeing and completing any remaining Cycle 8 Local Law 
11 Work pursuant to Section 13.9 of the PSA and the PSA Assumption and Amendment. Notwithstanding 
the foregoing or anything else to the contrary set forth in the PSA, CSC shall keep MSP informed of the 
progress of CSC’s completion of any remaining Cycle 8 Local Law 11 Work.

(b) 
If Ground Tenant or Subtenant shall default in any of its obligations under the 
Ground Lease or Sublease, respectively, and such default shall be continuing beyond any applicable notice 
and cure period, CSC shall assign all of its rights under the Cycle 8 Local Law 11 Contracts with respect 
to the remaining Cycle 8 Local Law 11 Work to MSP and, thereafter, MSP shall have sole discretion to 
make any and all decisions with respect to same. Any out-of-pocket costs and reasonable expenses incurred 
by MSP in connection with any such assignment of CSC’s rights with respect to the Cycle 8 Local Law 11 
Work shall be paid by Ground Tenant as Additional Rent under the Ground Lease. MSP may proceed in its 
own name or in the name of CSC in connection with the enforcement of such agreements, and CSC agrees 
to execute any and all powers, authorizations, consents and other documents reasonably required by MSP 
in connection therewith.

(c) 
The provisions of this Section 12 shall survive Closing.

14. 
Holdback Escrow Agreement; Surviving Seller Representations.

(a) 
Pursuant to the PSA Assumption and Amendment, (i) Seller shall be deemed to 
remake the Surviving Seller Representations on the Closing Date for the benefit of CSC only, (ii) Seller 
shall have no liability to MSP for any breach of the Surviving Seller Representations and (iii) any rights of

11 
 
 
4866-0049-6406, v. 12 
61458/0006-42946111v5

=== page 13 ===
Case 25-11853-KBO    Doc 396-2    Filed 03/31/26    Page 13 of 551

Purchaser under the PSA with respect to the Holdback Escrow Agreement shall be exercised by CSC (and 
Seller shall only be responsible to CSC with respect to its obligations under the Holdback Escrow 
Agreement and Section 8.2 of the PSA). Notwithstanding the foregoing, each of CSC and MSP 
acknowledge and agree that, in the event of a breach of any Surviving Seller Representation, depending on 
the nature of the breach and the circumstances at the time, such breach may result in and each of MSP and 
CSC may have reasonable claims for Damages as a result of such breach and, therefore, CSC shall not be 
permitted to commence a Proceeding with respect to any Damages under Section 8.2 of the PSA or 
otherwise seek a claim for Damages in accordance with Section 8.2 of the PSA or the Holdback Escrow 
Agreement without the consent of MSP, which consent shall not be unreasonably withheld.

(b) 
Accordingly, if, prior to the termination of the Survival Period, either MSP or CSC 
receives notice or obtains any other information which indicates that any Surviving Seller Representation 
set forth in the PSA was not true in any material respect as of the Closing Date (any such notice or 
information, “Seller Breach Information”), the following shall apply:

i. 
Each party shall promptly notify the other of any Seller Breach 
Information obtained by it (but in no event later than five (5) Business Days following such party’s 
receipt thereof).

ii. 
If, after receipt of such Seller Breach Information, either party believes 
that CSC is entitled to (and should) commence a Proceeding against Seller for Damages with 
respect to any such Seller Breach Information in accordance with Section 8.2 of the PSA, such 
party (in such capacity, the “Electing Party”) shall notify the other (in such capacity, the 
“Evaluating Party”) of such fact, which notice (the “Proceeding Notice”), shall specify in 
reasonable detail (i) the nature and scope of the Damages to be claimed in the Proceeding and (ii) 
any backup documentation, evidence or other information reasonably necessary to demonstrate the 
validity of such claim.

iii. 
For a period of fifteen (15) Business Days following the Evaluating Party’s 
receipt of a Proceeding Notice from the Electing Party (or such shorter period as is reasonably 
necessary to ensure that any potential Proceeding may be brought prior to termination of the 
Survival Period in accordance with the PSA), the parties shall negotiate, in good faith, as to (A) 
whether to commence a Proceeding under the PSA, (B) the amount of the Damages to be sought 
by CSC (on behalf of CSC and MSP, as applicable) in the Proceeding, and (C) if the parties 
mutually agree to commence the Proceeding and are successful such that CSC is entitled to a release 
of any funds from Escrow Agent in accordance with the Holdback Escrow Agreement, how such 
funds should be allocated as between MSP and CSC in accordance with their respective claims for 
Damages.

iv. 
If the parties mutually agree that CSC should commence a Proceeding in 
accordance with Section 8.2 of the PSA, CSC shall select legal counsel (which legal counsel shall 
be reasonably acceptable to MSP) to commence the Proceeding and represent the Purchaser under 
the PSA. MSP shall have the right to select its own co-counsel to assist in the Proceeding at its sole 
cost and expense. Any and all strategy discussions, communications or work product prepared by 
or for CSC or its counsel with respect to any such Proceeding shall be simultaneously shared with 
MSP and its co-counsel, if applicable, and the parties shall mutually agree on all decisions with 
respect to such Proceeding and any resulting claim for Damages to be brought in accordance with 
the Holdback Escrow Agreement.

v. 
Any and all out-of-pocket costs and expenses incurred by CSC and MSP

12 
 
 
4866-0049-6406, v. 12 
61458/0006-42946111v5

=== page 14 ===
Case 25-11853-KBO    Doc 396-2    Filed 03/31/26    Page 14 of 551

with respect to the commencement of any Proceeding, the administration and oversight of such 
Proceeding, and any coordination with Escrow Agent in obtaining any release of funds pursuant to 
the Holdback Escrow Agreement (including, without limitation, reasonable attorneys’ fees and 
court costs and escrow fees) shall be borne equally by CSC and MSP (and each party shall provide 
to the other such backup documentation as is reasonably necessary to confirm such costs and 
expenses).

(c) 
If Ground Tenant or Subtenant shall default in any of its obligations under the 
Ground Lease or Sublease, respectively, and such default shall be continuing beyond any applicable notice 
and cure period set forth in the Ground Lease or Sublease (unless the survival period under the Holdback 
Escrow Agreement will terminate in less than thirty (30) days from the end of such notice and cure period), 
CSC shall assign all of its rights under the Holdback Escrow Agreement to MSP and, thereafter, MSP shall 
have sole discretion to make any and all decisions with respect to same. Any out-of-pocket costs and 
expenses incurred by MSP in connection with any such assignment of CSC’s rights with respect to the 
Holdback Escrow Agreement shall be paid by Ground Tenant as Additional Rent under the Ground Lease. 
MSP may proceed in its own name or in the name of CSC in connection with any such Proceeding, and 
CSC agrees to execute any and all powers, authorizations, consents and other documents required by MSP 
in connection therewith.

(d) 
Notwithstanding the foregoing if any claim for Damages relates solely to the Store 
Unit and does not have any proximate impact on the 10th Floor Unit or any of the Owned Units, the parties 
acknowledge and agree that the provision of this Section 14 shall not apply to the CSC Store Purchaser 
solely as to any Damages claim with respect to the Store Unit, provided CSC shall provide MSP with prior 
written notice of any such claim.

(e) 
Any dispute between the Electing Party and the Evaluating Party over whether to 
pursue a Proceeding under this Section 14, the nature and scope of such Proceeding (including the amount 
Damages to be claimed), or any of the other matters set forth in this Section 14 shall be resolved by 
arbitration in accordance with the provisions set forth on Exhibit G attached hereto and made a part 
hereof.

(f) 
The provisions of this Section 14 shall survive Closing.

15.
Casualty and Condemnation. If MSP receives a Casualty/Condemnation Notice from
Seller with respect to any part of the Property, MSP shall promptly deliver a copy of such 
Casualty/Condemnation Notice to CSC. In the event that MSP, as the purchaser under the PSA, has the 
right to terminate the PSA due to damage, destruction or taking of a Significant Portion of the Premises, 
any such election shall be made in MSP’s sole but good faith discretion, following reasonable discussion 
with CSC (provided that the ultimate election shall be made by MSP and MSP shall have the right to 
unilaterally send any notice of such election to Seller within the five (5) Business Day timeframe required 
by the PSA).

16.
Failure to Close.

(a) 
Pursuant to the PSA Assumption and Amendment, if for any reason (other than by 
reason of Seller’s default in accordance with the PSA, which shall be governed by clauses (c) and (d) below) 
the Closing does not occur on the Closing Date, Seller is entitled to terminate the PSA and retain the 
Deposit. In such event, the following shall apply: (i) CSC shall forfeit the Deposit being held by Escrow 
Agent in accordance with the PSA and MSP shall have no obligation to refund CSC for any portion thereof, 
(ii) CSC shall pay to MSP all out-of-pocket costs and expenses incurred by MSP in connection with the 
evaluation, negotiation, diligence and preparation of any documentation of the transactions contemplated

13

4866-0049-6406, v. 12
61458/0006-42946111v5

=== page 15 ===
Case 25-11853-KBO    Doc 396-2    Filed 03/31/26    Page 15 of 551

by this Agreement, the PSA and the Ground Lease, including, without limitation, reasonable attorney’s and 
consultant’s fees, not to exceed Three Hundred Fifty Thousand and 00/100 Dollars ($350,000.00) and (iii) 
each of MSP and CSC shall have no further obligations under this Agreement and the PSA.

(b) 
In the event that the Closing does not occur due to Purchaser’s election to terminate 
the PSA in accordance with Section 12 thereof (following a material casualty or condemnation), the Deposit 
will be refunded to CSC and CSC shall pay to MSP all out-of-pocket costs and expenses incurred by MSP 
in connection with the evaluation, negotiation, diligence and preparation of any documentation of the 
transactions contemplated by this Agreement and the PSA, including, without limitation, reasonable 
attorney’s and consultant’s fees, not to exceed Three Hundred Fifty Thousand and 00/100 Dollars 
($350,000.00).

(c) 
In the event that the Closing does not occur due to a default by Seller under the 
PSA, CSC and MSP shall mutually agree to which remedy CSC shall elect to pursue under Section 15.2 of 
the PSA (it being acknowledged by MSP and CSC that the PSA Assumption and Amendment provides 
CSC Purchaser the sole right to pursue a claim against Seller under such circumstance) and the following 
shall apply: (A) if MSP and CSC collectively elect to pursue the remedy set forth in clause (i) of Section 
15.2 of the PSA, the Deposit will be refunded to CSC and CSC shall pay to MSP all out-of-pocket costs 
and expenses incurred by MSP in connection with the evaluation, negotiation, diligence and preparation of 
any documentation of the transactions contemplated by this Agreement and the PSA, including, without 
limitation, reasonable attorney’s and consultant’s fees, not to exceed Three Hundred Fifty Thousand and 
00/100 Dollars ($350,000.00); and (B) if MSP and CSC collectively elect to pursue the remedy in clause 
(ii) of Section 15.2 of the PSA, but specific performance is unavailable, CSC and MSP shall negotiate, in 
good faith, as to (x) whether to commence a proceeding for monetary damages under the PSA, (y) the 
amount of the damages to be sought by CSC Purchaser (on behalf of CSC and/or MSP, as applicable) in 
such proceeding, and (z) the nature and scope of the claims to be brought in such proceeding.

(d) 
In the event that CSC and MSP mutually agree to bring a proceeding for monetary 
damages against Seller in accordance with Section 15.2 of the PSA (and, in such proceeding, CSC Purchaser 
is only entitled to bring an action for damages on behalf of CSC Purchaser and its Affiliates): (i) CSC’s 
obligations to reimburse MSP for all out-of-pocket costs and expenses incurred by MSP in connection with 
the evaluation, negotiation, diligence and preparation of any documentation of the transactions 
contemplated by this Agreement and the PSA, including, without limitation, reasonable attorney’s and 
consultant’s fees, shall not be subject to any cap except as follows: (1) the foregoing reimbursement shall 
be limited to the final amounts, if any, that CSC actually obtains from Seller pursuant to the final resolution 
of such proceeding for monetary damages against Seller, whether pursuant to a final and non-contingent 
settlement agreement or final and non-appealable order or judgment, and (2) before MSP is entitled to the 
foregoing reimbursement, CSC shall first have been refunded the full Deposit amount under the PSA and, 
further, MSP’s reimbursement shall be limited to is equitable share of such final amounts that CSC actually 
obtains from Seller after CSC has been refunded the full Deposit amount under the PSA and taking into 
consideration the allocation of such final amounts to be equitably distributed to CSC (collectively, “MSP 
Damages Limitations”); and (ii) MSP shall be entitled to seek from CSC any and all monetary damages, 
including, without limitation, any special, consequential or punitive damages to which MSP would have 
been entitled to pursue against Seller under the PSA, also subject to the foregoing MSP Damages 
Limitations; however, provided that the failure to close under the PSA was due solely to Seller’s default, 
MSP shall not bring a separate, direct action against CSC for such damages unless CSC is awarded such 
damages in the applicable proceeding and fails to pay same to MSP within ten (10) Business Days of receipt 
of such award.

(e) 
If the parties mutually agree that CSC Purchaser should commence a proceeding 
in accordance with Section 15.2 of the PSA, CSC shall select legal counsel (which legal counsel shall be

14 
 
 
4866-0049-6406, v. 12 
61458/0006-42946111v5

=== page 16 ===
Case 25-11853-KBO    Doc 396-2    Filed 03/31/26    Page 16 of 551

reasonably acceptable to MSP) to commence the proceeding and represent CSC Purchaser under the PSA. 
MSP shall have the right to select its own co-counsel to assist in the proceeding at its sole cost and expense. 
Any and all strategy discussions, communications or work product prepared by or for CSC Purchaser or its 
counsel with respect to any such proceeding shall be simultaneously shared with MSP and its co-counsel, 
if applicable, and the parties shall mutually agree on all decisions with respect to such proceeding and any 
resulting claim for damages to be brought in accordance with Section 15.2 of the PSA.

(f) 
Any and all out-of-pocket costs and expenses incurred by CSC and MSP with 
respect to the commencement of any such proceeding and the administration and oversight of such 
proceeding shall be borne equally by CSC and MSP (and each party shall provide to the other such backup 
documentation as is reasonably necessary to confirm such costs and expenses).

(g) 
Any dispute between the MSP and the CSC over which remedy to elect under 
clause (a) above, whether to commence a proceeding under the PSA or any other matters set forth in this 
Section 14 shall be resolved by arbitration in accordance with the provisions set forth on Exhibit G 
attached hereto and made a part hereof.

(h) 
The provisions of this Section 16 shall survive termination of this Agreement.

17.
Notices. All notices, demands or requests made pursuant to, under or by virtue of this
Agreement must be in writing and sent to the party to which the notice, demand or request is being made 
by (i) certified or registered mail, return receipt requested, (ii) by nationally recognized overnight courier 
delivery, (iii) by hand delivery, or (iv) by email transmission as follows:

To CSC:

c/o CSC Co-Living 
6 St. Johns Lane 
New York, New York 10013 
Attention: Sal Smeke and Alberto Smeke 
Email:  ss@csc-coliving.com

as@csc-coliving.com

with copy to:

Cole Schotz P.C. 
1325 Avenue of the Americas, 19th Floor 
New York, New York 10019 
Attn: Jordan J. Metzger, Esq. 
E-mail: jmetzger@coleschotz.com

To MSP:

c/o MSP Capital Investments, L.L.C. 
Woodlawn Hall at Old Parkland 
3953 Maple Ave., Suite 350 
Dallas, Texas 75219 
Attn: Luke Pak 
Telephone: 214-545-5576 
E-mail:  pak@mspcm.com

15

4866-0049-6406, v. 12
61458/0006-42946111v5

=== page 17 ===
Case 25-11853-KBO    Doc 396-2    Filed 03/31/26    Page 17 of 551

c/o MSP Capital Investments, L.L.C. 
Woodlawn Hall at Old Parkland 
3953 Maple Ave., Suite 350 
Dallas, Texas 75219 
Attn: Max Lamont 
Telephone: 214-545-5576 
E-mail:  Lamont@mspcm.com

and an additional copy to: 
 
Duval & Stachenfeld LLP 
555 Madison Avenue, 6th Floor 
New York, New York 10022 
Attention: 
Danielle Ash, Esq. and File Manager 
File No.:  
4308.0014 
Email:  
Dash@dsllp.com   
 
or to such other address as is specified by a party by notice to the other party given in accordance with the 
provisions of this Section 14.  Any notice given in accordance with the provisions of this Section 14 shall 
be deemed given (i) three (3) Business Days after mailing (if sent by certified mail), (ii) one (1) Business 
Day after deposit of same with a nationally recognized overnight courier service (if delivered by nationally 
recognized overnight courier service), (iii) on the date delivery is made (if delivered by hand), or (iv) on 
the date delivery is made (if delivered by email) provided that notice is also sent by option (i), (ii), or (iii) 
above simultaneously.

18. 
Entire Agreement.  This Agreement contains all of the terms agreed upon between the 
parties with respect to the subject matter hereof, and all prior agreements, understandings, representations 
and statements, oral or written, are merged into this Agreement.

19. 
Amendments.  This Agreement may not be changed, modified or terminated, except by 
an instrument executed by the parties hereto who are or will be affected by the terms of such instrument.

20. 
Successors and Assigns. The stipulations aforesaid shall inure to the benefit of, and shall 
bind, the heirs, executors, administrators, successors and assigns of the respective parties.

21. 
Section Headings.   The headings of the various paragraphs of this Agreement have been 
inserted only for the purposes of convenience, and are not part of this Agreement and shall not be deemed 
in any manner to modify, explain, expand or restrict any of the provisions of this Agreement.

22. 
Governing Law.  This Agreement shall be governed by the laws of the State of New York, 
without regard to conflicts of laws principles.

23. 
Submission to Jurisdiction.  CSC AND MSP HEREBY IRREVOCABLY SUBMIT TO 
THE JURISDICTION OF ANY NEW YORK STATE COURT OR FEDERAL COURT SITTING IN 
NEW YORK COUNTY, NEW YORK OVER ANY SUIT, ACTION OR PROCEEDING ARISING OUT 
OF OR RELATING TO THIS AGREEMENT AND AGREE THAT VENUE FOR ANY SUCH ACTION 
OR PROCEEDING SHALL BE IN NEW YORK COUNTY, NEW YORK.  MSP AND SELLER EACH 
HEREBY IRREVOCABLY WAIVES, TO THE FULLEST EXTENT PERMITTED BY LAW, ANY 
OBJECTION IT MAY NOW OR HEREAFTER HAVE TO SUCH VENUE AS BEING AN

16 
 
 
4866-0049-6406, v. 12 
61458/0006-42946111v5

=== page 18 ===
Case 25-11853-KBO    Doc 396-2    Filed 03/31/26    Page 18 of 551

INCONVENIENT FORUM.

24. 
Waiver of Jury Trial.   CSC AND MSP EACH HEREBY AGREES NOT TO ELECT A 
TRIAL BY JURY OF ANY ISSUE TRIABLE OF RIGHT BY JURY, AND WAIVES ANY RIGHT TO 
TRIAL BY JURY FULLY TO THE EXTENT THAT ANY SUCH RIGHT SHALL NOW OR 
HEREAFTER EXIST WITH REGARD TO THIS AGREEMENT OR ANY CLAIM, COUNTERCLAIM 
OR OTHER ACTION ARISING IN CONNECTION THEREWITH.  THIS WAIVER OF RIGHT TO 
TRIAL BY JURY IS GIVEN KNOWINGLY AND VOLUNTARILY BY CSC AND MSP, AND IS 
INTENDED TO ENCOMPASS INDIVIDUALLY EACH INSTANCE AND EACH ISSUE AS TO 
WHICH THE RIGHT TO A TRIAL BY JURY WOULD OTHERWISE ACCRUE.  CSC OR MSP, AS 
APPLICABLE, IS HEREBY AUTHORIZED TO FILE A COPY OF THIS SECTION IN ANY 
PROCEEDING AS CONCLUSIVE EVIDENCE OF THIS WAIVER BY CSC OR MSP, AS 
APPLICABLE.

25. 
Enforceability.   In the event that any portion of this Agreement shall be held invalid or 
unenforceable by any court of competent jurisdiction, such holding shall not invalidate or render 
unenforceable any other provision hereof.

26. 
Attorneys’ Fees.  In the event of any litigation arising out of this Agreement, and 
notwithstanding any other limitations on liability set forth in this Agreement, the prevailing party shall be 
entitled to receive from the losing party an amount equal to the prevailing party’s costs incurred in such 
litigation, including, without limitation, the prevailing party’s reasonable attorneys’ fees, costs and 
disbursements.  The provisions of this Section 26 shall survive the Closing or earlier termination of this 
Agreement.

27. 
Counterparts; Execution by Facsimile Transmission/.PDF/Electronic Signatures.  
This Agreement may be executed in two or more counterparts, each of which, when taken together, shall 
constitute the same instrument and one original. This Agreement may be executed by facsimile transmission 
or by email via .pdf format, or by other electronic means (including, without limitation, DocuSign and 
AdobeSign), in each case, with the same force and effect as originals.

28. 
Broker.  Each of CSC and MSP represent to each other that, other than Meridian Capital 
Group (“Broker”), no broker, finder or other person brought about this transaction.  CSC and MSP shall 
each indemnify and hold the other free and harmless from and against any damages, costs or expenses 
(including, but not limited to, reasonable attorneys' fees and disbursements) the indemnified party arising 
out of a breach of the foregoing representation.  MSP shall pay the brokerage commission due to Broker 
pursuant to a separate agreement.  The provisions of this Section 28 shall survive the Closing.

29. 
Public Statements. Unless and until the Closing occurs hereunder and under the PSA, 
neither MSP nor CSC will make, or permit anyone to make on their behalf, any public statement or public 
comment with respect to this Agreement, the PSA, the Ground Lease, or the transactions contemplated 
hereby, that is intended for public distribution or made to any newspaper, trade publication, or other print 
or other media, without the approval by the other party as to such disclosure and the information to be 
disclosed, which approval shall not be unreasonably withheld or delayed.

30. 
Surviving Liability.

(a) 
Each of the representations and warranties set forth in Section 8 (collectively, 
“CSC’s Representations”) shall survive the Closing for a period of one hundred eighty (180) days.  Each

17 
 
 
4866-0049-6406, v. 12 
61458/0006-42946111v5

=== page 19 ===
Case 25-11853-KBO    Doc 396-2    Filed 03/31/26    Page 19 of 551

of the representations and warranties set forth in Section 9 (collectively, “MSP’s Representations”) shall 
survive the Closing for a period of one hundred eighty (180) days.  If any of MSP’s Representations or 
CSC’s Representations is discovered to be untrue in any material respect after the Effective Date, and a 
claim is asserted within the applicable survival period set forth above, then CSC or MSP, as the case may 
be, shall, subject to Section 30(b) below, have the right to pursue any and all remedies available against 
CSC or MSP, as the case may be, as a result of such inaccuracy.

(b) 
Notwithstanding anything to the contrary contained in this Agreement (i) MSP 
shall not pursue any claim against CSC that causes damage to MSP that is less than ONE HUNDRED AND 
TWENTY-FIVE THOUSAND and 00/100 Dollars ($125,000.00), (ii) the maximum amount of liability 
that CSC shall have under any circumstance for any surviving obligation under this Agreement (including, 
without limitation, any obligation arising out of any CSC’s Representation that survives the Closing, any 
indemnification or other obligation contained herein that is specifically stated to survive the Closing and 
any liability under any other document or instrument delivered by CSC in connection with this Agreement 
and/or the PSA) shall not exceed a total aggregate amount of ONE MILLION FIVE HUNDRED 
THOUSAND and 00/100 Dollars ($1,500,000.00), and (iii) no director, officer, employee, shareholder, 
member, manager, partner or agent of CSC nor any of the directors, officers, employees, shareholders, 
members, managers, partners or agents of any of the directors, officers, employees, shareholders, members, 
managers, partners or agents of CSC nor any other person, partnership, corporation or trust, as principal of 
CSC (collectively, the “CSC Exculpated Parties”) shall have any personal obligation or liability 
hereunder, and MSP shall not seek to assert any claim or enforce any of its rights hereunder against any 
CSC Exculpated Party. Any damages to which MSP is entitled pursuant to a final non-applicable judgment 
obtained by MSP from a court of competent jurisdiction in accordance with this Section 30, at MSP’s 
option, may be charged to Ground Tenant as Additional Rent (as such term is defined in the Ground Lease) 
due under the Ground Lease. The provisions of this Section 30 shall constitute the sole and exclusive 
remedy after Closing for breaches of CSC’s Representations under this Agreement.

[SIGNATURE PAGE FOLLOWS]

18

4866-0049-6406, v. 12
61458/0006-42946111v5

=== page 20 ===
Case 25-11853-KBO    Doc 396-2    Filed 03/31/26    Page 20 of 551

IN WITNESS WHEREOF, the parties hereto have duly executed this Agreement as of

the day and year set forth above.

CSC:

CSC HUDSON, LL|
a Delaware limited li bility company

By:

Name: Alber^ Smeke Saba

Title: Authorized ^natory

By:
0 Aimj-Il
NanW-Salomon Smeke Saba

Title: Authorized Signatory

ility company

HUDSON 1702, LL
a Delaware limited li

By:

Name: Alberyo Smeke Saba

Title/-A.uthdrized Signatory

zO \(juL

By:

Name: Salomon Smeke Saba

Title: Authorized Signatory

LLC,

ility company

HUDSON 1701/1706
a Delaware limited li

By:

Name: Alb^o Smeke Saba
Title: Authorized Signatory

By:

Name: Salomon Smeke Saba

Title: Authorized Signatory

[Signature Page to Closing Agreement]

=== page 21 ===
Case 25-11853-KBO    Doc 396-2    Filed 03/31/26    Page 21 of 551

IN WITNESS WHEREOF, the parties hereto have duly executed this Agreement as of 
the day and year set forth above.

MSP;

356W58 GROUND LESSOR LLC,
a Delaware limitedliability company

By:

Name:
Title:

Authorized Signatory

[Signature Page to Closing Agreement]

=== page 22 ===
Case 25-11853-KBO    Doc 396-2    Filed 03/31/26    Page 22 of 551

Exhibit A-1

Original PSA

(Attached hereto)

21

4866-0049-6406, v. 12
61458/0006-42946111v5

=== page 23 ===
Case 25-11853-KBO    Doc 396-2    Filed 03/31/26    Page 23 of 551

EXECUTION VERSION

PURCHASE AND SALE AGREEMENT

THIS PURCHASE AND SALE AGREEMENT (this “Agreement”) is entered into 
as of the 3rd day of February, 2022 (the “Effective Date”), by and between EC 58th Street LLC, a 
Delaware limited liability company, having an address c/o Cain International US Services LP, 350 
Park Avenue, 14th Floor, New York, New York 10022 (“Seller”), and CSC Hudson, LLC, a 
Delaware limited liability company, having an address c/o CSC Co-Living, 6 St. Johns Lane, New 
York, New York 10013 (“Purchaser”).

W I T N E S S E T H:

WHEREAS, Seller is the owner of those certain condominium units in the 
condominium known as 353 West 57th Street Condominium (the “Condominium”) in the building 
(the “Building”) known as and having the street address of 353-361 West 57th Street a/k/a 356 
West 58th Street, New York, New York, Borough of Manhattan, City, County and State of New 
York, designated and described as the “EBC Unit” (which is Unit 1 of the Condominium and 
which is also identified as Lot 1701) and the “Modified Hotel Unit” (which is Unit 2 of the 
Condominium and which is also identified as Lot 1702) (the EBC Unit and the Modified Hotel 
Unit, together with their respective appurtenant undivided interests in the Condominium’s 
common elements shall be referred to herein collectively as the “Owned Units”) in that certain 
declaration of condominium dated April 11, 1985 made by Irving Schatz (the “Original 
Declaration”) pursuant to Article 9-B of the Real Property Law of the State of New York, as 
amended (the “Condominium Act”) establishing a plan for condominium ownership of the 
Building and the land upon which the Building is situated, which Original Declaration was 
recorded in the New York County Office of the Register of the City of New York (the “City 
Register’s Office”) on April 24, 1985 in Reel 902 Page 1, which Original Declaration was amended 
by the First Amendment to Declaration made by Irving Schatz dated January 29, 1993 and recorded 
May 11, 1993 in Reel 1969 Page 2286 (the “First Amendment to Original Declaration”), and which 
Original Declaration was further amended by the Amended and Restated Declaration, dated as of 
February 12, 1999, made by Henry Hudson Holdings LLC, Irving Schatz, Adrienne Wechsler and 
Cheryl Hirsch (the “A&R Declaration”), which A&R Declaration was recorded July 16, 1999 in 
Reel 2913 Page 1753 (and which A&R Declaration, by its terms, restated the Original Declaration 
in its entirety), and which A&R Declaration was amended by the Amendment to Amended and 
Restated Declaration, dated September 30, 1999, and recorded on October 27, 1999 in Reel 2979 
Page 2159 (as such A&R Declaration was amended, collectively, the “Declaration”, and together 
with the By-Laws (the “By-Laws”), Rules and Regulations (the “Rules and Regulations”) and all 
other exhibits and schedules thereto (as amended), collectively, the “Condominium Documents”), 
and also designated as Tax Lots 1701 and 1702 in Block 1048 in the Borough of Manhattan on the 
Tax Map of the Real Property Assessment Department of the City of New York, with the Owned 
Units more particularly described on Exhibit A attached hereto and incorporated herein;

WHEREAS, Seller is the lessee of (i) that certain condominium unit known as the 
“Tenth Floor Unit” in the Condominium (which is Unit 6 of the Condominium and which is also 
identified as Lot 1706), pursuant to that certain Amended and Restated Lease dated as of February 
11, 1999 (as amended and assigned pursuant to the following described transfers, the “10th Floor 
Lease”) made by Irving Schatz, as lessor (“10th Floor Lessor”), and Ian Schrager Hotels LLC, as 
original lessee, as referenced in the memorandum of lease dated as of February 12, 1999 and

ACTIVE 61730742v13

=== page 24 ===
Case 25-11853-KBO    Doc 396-2    Filed 03/31/26    Page 24 of 551

recorded March 23, 1999 in Reel 2841 Page 1872, as the 10th Floor Lease was assigned by 
Assignment and Assumption of Lease made by and between Ian Schrager Hotels LLC, as assignor, 
to Henry Hudson Holdings LLC, as assignee, dated as of February 12, 1999 and recorded March 
23, 1999 in Reel 2841 Page 1882, as the 10th Floor Lease was amended by an unrecorded 
Amendment to Lease made by and between Irving Schatz and Henry Hudson Holdings LLC dated 
as of August 17, 2004, as the 10th Floor Lease was further assigned by Assignment and Assumption 
of Ground Lease in Lieu of Foreclosure made by and between Henry Hudson Holdings LLC, as 
assignor, and Seller, as assignee, dated as of November 24, 2020; and (ii) that certain condominium 
unit known as the “Store Unit” in the Condominium (which is Unit 4 of the Condominium and 
which is also identified as Lot 1704), pursuant to that certain Lease dated January 1, 1999 (as 
amended and assigned pursuant to the following described transfers, the “Store Unit Lease”) made 
by Adrienne Schatz (a/k/a Adrienne Wechsler) and Cheryl Hirsch, jointly, as lessor (“Store Unit 
Lessor”, and together with the current 10th Floor Lessor, are herein collectively referred to as the 
“Lessors”) and Henry Hudson Holdings LLC, as original lessee, as evidenced by a memorandum 
of lease dated as of September 30, 1999 and recorded on October 27, 1999 in Reel 2979 Page 
2172, as the Store Unit Lease was amended by unrecorded Amendment to Lease dated as of 
September 30, 1999, as the Store Unit Lease was further amended by the unrecorded Amendment 
to Lease dated as of August 13, 2004, as the Store Unit Lease was assigned by Assignment and 
Assumption of Ground Lease in Lieu of Foreclosure made by and between Henry Hudson 
Holdings LLC, as assignor, and Seller, as assignee, dated as of November 24, 2020.  The 10th Floor 
Lease and Store Unit Lease are collectively herein referred to as the “Unit Leases”.  Seller acquired 
title to its leasehold interest in: (A) the 10th Floor Lease as the designee of Henry Hudson Holdings 
LLC’s Leasehold Mortgagee (as that term is defined in the 10th Floor Lease) by an assignment in 
lieu of foreclosure dated as of 11/24/2020 and recorded 12/4/2020 as CRFN 2020000344630; and 
(B) the Store Unit Lease as the designee of Henry Hudson Holdings LLC’s Leasehold Mortgagee 
(as that term is defined in the Store Unit Lease) by an assignment in lieu of foreclosure dated as of 
11/24/2020 and recorded 12/4/2020 as CRFN 2020000344629.  Seller’s right, title, and leasehold 
interest in and to the 10th Floor Unit and the Store Unit pursuant to the Unit Leases are herein 
collectively referred to as the “Leased Units”, with the Leased Units more particularly described 
on Exhibit A attached hereto.  The Owned Units and the Leased Units are herein collectively 
referred to as the “Units”;

NOW, THEREFORE, in consideration of the mutual promises and agreements 
contained in this Agreement and for other good and valuable consideration, the receipt and 
adequacy of which are hereby mutually acknowledged, Seller and Purchaser covenant and agree 
as follows:

Article 1. 
Premises.

1.1 
Premises.  Seller shall sell and convey to Purchaser, and Purchaser shall purchase 
from Seller, upon the terms, covenants and conditions hereinafter set forth all of Seller’s right, title 
and interest in and to:

(i) 
the Owned Units and any and all fixtures and improvements owned 
by Seller erected thereon and therein;

2 
ACTIVE 61730742v13

=== page 25 ===
Case 25-11853-KBO    Doc 396-2    Filed 03/31/26    Page 25 of 551

(ii) 
the Leased Units and any and all fixtures and improvements owned 
by Seller erected thereon and therein;

(iii) 
any equipment, appliances, building materials, fixtures and other 
similar personal property attached or appurtenant to the Units, to the extent owned by Seller and 
not owned by the Condominium or by any occupants occupying the single resident occupancy 
units set forth on the SRO Schedule (as hereinafter defined) within the Units (such occupants, 
collectively, “Tenants”), all in their presently existing “as is” condition and state of repair on the 
date hereof, subject to reasonable wear and tear between the date hereof and Closing Date 
(as hereinafter defined) (collectively, the “Fixtures”);

(iv) 
all easements, covenants and other rights adjoining or appurtenant 
to the Units (together with the Owned Units and the Leased Units, the “Real Property”);

(v) 
to the extent assignable, all warranties, if any, issued to the Seller by 
any manufacturer or contractor in connection with construction or installation of equipment or any 
component of the improvements included as part of the Units (the “Warranties”);

(vi) 
to the extent assignable, all governmental and public certificates, 
permits, licenses, entitlements, agreements, development rights, variances, waivers, estoppels, 
bonds, claims and rights (including those in favor of Seller from any contractor, subcontractor, 
manufacturer or other person relating to the construction, maintenance, operation or repair of the 
Real Property or any component thereof), and approvals relating to the operation, use, maintenance 
or occupancy of the Units, including, without limitation, any certificate(s) of occupancy 
(collectively, the “Permits”);

(vii) 
items of tangible personal property including, but not limited to, all 
furniture, fixtures, machinery, security systems, china, glassware, silverware, kitchen and bar small 
goods, guest supplies, operating supplies, printing, stationary and uniforms, whether in use or held in 
reserve storage in connection with the former operation of the Units as a hotel, reserve stock of linens, 
towels, paper goods, soaps, cleaning supplies and the like with respect to the former operation of 
the Units as a hotel, and other tangible personal property of every kind and nature located in the 
Units and owned by Seller (collectively, the “Personal Property”) other than the personal property 
listed on Schedule L attached hereto (the “Excluded Personal Property”); and

(viii) all management, service and maintenance contracts or other 
agreements of similar nature affecting the Premises or the operation thereof (collectively, the 
“Service Contracts”) which Purchaser has elected in its sole and absolute discretion at least forty-
five (45) days prior to the Closing Date to assume (the “Designated Service Contracts”), and which 
Designated Service Contracts shall remain in effect after Closing, as the same may be amended, 
modified or extended from time to time in accordance with the terms of this Agreement.

All of the foregoing shall collectively be referred to herein as the “Premises”.

3 
ACTIVE 61730742v13

=== page 26 ===
Case 25-11853-KBO    Doc 396-2    Filed 03/31/26    Page 26 of 551

Article 2. 
Purchase Price.

2.1 
The purchase price for the Premises is TWO HUNDRED SEVEN MILLION FIVE 
HUNDRED THOUSAND and 00/100 DOLLARS ($207,500,000.00) (the “Purchase Price”), and 
is payable by Purchaser as follows:

(a) 
Purchaser shall deposit TEN MILLION and 00/100 DOLLARS 
($10,000,000.00) (the “Deposit”), with First American Title Insurance Company (“Escrow 
Agent”), by wire transfer of immediately available Federal funds, on or before 5:00 P.M. (New 
York time) on the date that is two (2) Business Days after the execution of this Agreement by 
Purchaser and Seller, as a downpayment toward the Purchase Price, which Deposit shall be non-
refundable (except as otherwise set forth herein) and held and disbursed by Escrow Agent pursuant 
to the terms and conditions of this Agreement.  Upon receipt by Escrow Agent of the Deposit, 
Escrow Agent shall cause the Deposit to be deposited into an interest-bearing account at a national 
bank selected by Escrow Agent.  All interest on the Deposit becomes part of the Deposit and any 
interest thereon will be applied to payment of the Purchase Price at Closing.

(b) 
The balance of the Purchase Price, in an amount equal to the difference 
between the Purchase Price and the Deposit, subject to adjustments and credits as provided for 
herein (the “Balance”) shall be paid by Purchaser on the Closing Date (as hereinafter defined), by 
wire transfer of immediately available Federal funds to an account or accounts designated by Seller 
(which Closing and wire transfer shall be facilitated through Escrow Agent).

(c) 
Purchaser and Seller shall exercise commercially reasonable efforts to agree 
upon the allocation of the Purchase Price between the Real Property, on the one hand, and the 
Personal Property, Fixtures, Warranties, and Permits, on the other hand, prior to Closing.  With 
respect to the remaining allocation of the Purchase Price allocable to the Real Property, Seller and 
Purchaser agree to allocate 10-15% to any right, title and interest in and to the land (and land-
equivalents) being conveyed, and 85-90% to any right, title and interest in and to the Building 
being conveyed.  If Purchaser and Seller cannot agree upon the allocation of the Purchase Price, 
each party shall file federal, state and local returns based on each party’s own determination of the 
proper allocations of the Purchase Price, each bearing its own consequences of any discrepancies; 
provided, however, that Seller’s allocation shall be used for all transfer tax and similar filings.

Article 3. 
Closing.

3.1 
Closing of title to the Premises (the “Closing”) shall take place on April 4, 2022, 
through an escrow-style closing conducted by the Escrow Agent and Title Company, whereby 
Purchaser and Seller and their respective attorneys consummate the Closing without being 
physically present at the offices of the Escrow Agent or Title Company to exchange closing 
documents and required funds through escrow, TIME BEING OF THE ESSENCE with respect to 
Purchaser’s and Seller’s obligation to close on or before 3:00 pm EST on such date (such date 
hereinafter referred to as the “Closing Date”).  Notwithstanding the foregoing, Purchaser shall 
have a one-time right to extend the Closing Date by a period not to exceed thirty (30) days, such 
right exercisable by giving notice thereof to Seller at least five (5) Business Days before the then-
scheduled Closing Date.  Notwithstanding the notice methods provided for in Article 17, the

4 
ACTIVE 61730742v13

=== page 27 ===
Case 25-11853-KBO    Doc 396-2    Filed 03/31/26    Page 27 of 551

foregoing Closing Date extension notice may be provided solely by electronic mail delivery from 
counsel for Purchaser to counsel for Seller.

Article 4. 
Permitted Exceptions.

4.1 
The Premises shall be sold and conveyed, and Purchaser shall accept title to the 
Premises, subject to the following matters (collectively, the “Permitted Exceptions”):

(a) 
The matters set forth on Schedule A hereof;

(b) 
The Unit Leases;

(c) 
All covenants, easements, reservations, restrictions and agreements of 
record, affecting the Premises, provided same do not prohibit or interfere in any material respect 
with the current use of the Premises;

(d) 
Any and all present and future laws, regulations, restrictions, requirements, 
ordinances, resolutions and orders affecting the Premises, including, without limitation, any laws 
relating to zoning, building, environmental protection and the use and occupancy of the Premises;

(e) 
Real estate taxes that are a lien, but are not yet due and payable, subject to 
adjustment at Closing, as provided for herein;

(f) 
Grants made prior to the date hereof of licenses or easements or other rights 
in favor of any public or private utility company or governmental entity for, or pertaining to, 
utilities, sewers, water mains or drainage, whether or not of record, provided same do not prohibit 
or interfere in any material respect with the current use of the Premises;

(g) 
The state of facts shown on or by the survey prepared by Montrose 
Surveying Co., LLP., with a survey update date of January 10, 2022 (the “Survey”), and any 
additional state of facts or physical condition which a current accurate survey or physical 
inspection of the Premises would disclose, provided same do not prohibit or interfere in any 
material respect with the current use of the Premises;

(h) 
Intentionally omitted;

(i) 
The lien of any water charges or sewer rents that are not yet due and payable, 
subject to adjustment as hereinafter provided;

(j) 
Rights of Tenants to occupy rooms or units within the Premises;

(k) 
The Condominium Documents;

(l) 
Any other matters that would constitute objections to title under Section 5.1 
and with respect to which the Title Company (as hereinafter defined) certifies that it will insure 
title to the Premises free of such matters, at regular rates without the payment of additional 
premiums, for the Purchaser and Purchaser’s successors and assigns; and

5 
ACTIVE 61730742v13

=== page 28 ===
Case 25-11853-KBO    Doc 396-2    Filed 03/31/26    Page 28 of 551

(m) 
The standard printed exceptions appearing on the title policy to be issued 
by the Title Company.

4.2 
The Permitted Exceptions shall not constitute grounds for objection by Purchaser, 
and Seller shall have no obligation to remove any Permitted Exception as a condition to 
Purchaser’s obligation to purchase the Premises in accordance with this Agreement.  
Notwithstanding anything to the contrary in this Article 4, on or prior to the Closing Date, Seller 
shall pay, discharge and otherwise remove of record, at Seller’s sole cost and expense, all of the 
following: (i) any mortgages, deeds of trust or other security instruments for any financing placed 
by Seller on the Real Property and all of the mortgages as reflected in the Mortgage Schedule of 
the Commitment (defined herein) and set forth on Schedule E hereof, (ii) taxes that are then due 
and payable or delinquent as of Closing, (iii) liens and other encumbrances (other than Permitted 
Exceptions) which Seller has intentionally placed on the Real Property whether existing before or 
after the date hereof, (iv) any mechanic’s lien except (x) those resulting from the acts or omissions 
of Purchaser or Purchaser’s agents and (y) those which are the responsibility of any Unit Lessor 
under the Unit Leases, (v) all financing statements and other liens or encumbrances that secures 
indebtedness of Seller including those set forth on  Schedule E hereof, (vi) judgment liens against 
the Seller, and (vii) any other title exception (which is not a Permitted Exception) that may be 
removed by payment of an ascertainable and liquidated amount which in the aggregate does not 
exceed $2,100,000.00 (collectively, the “Mandatory Removal Items”).  Seller shall pay, discharge, 
and otherwise remove of record on or prior to Closing, at Seller’s sole cost and expense, all 
Mandatory Removal Items regardless of whether or not Purchaser provides written notice of the 
requirement to pay, discharge, and otherwise remove the Mandatory Removal Items.

Article 5. 
State of Title; Objections.

5.1 
Purchaser acknowledges receipt of (i) that certain Title Examination Report issued 
by Royal Abstract of New York LLC (“Title Company”) as agent for Escrow Agent under Title 
No. 915047 with effective date of December 8, 2021 (the “Commitment”), and (ii) the Survey.  At 
Closing, Purchaser may cause title to the Premises to be insured by the Title Company at 
Purchaser’s sole cost and expense.  Except as otherwise expressly provided in this Agreement, 
Seller shall have no obligation to remove any exception to title other than the Mandatory Removal 
Items.  Purchaser unconditionally waives any right to object to any matters set forth in the 
Commitment and the Survey, except for the Mandatory Removal Items and those matters set forth 
in the Commitment and listed on Schedule E attached hereto and incorporated herein.  If exceptions 
to title appear on any update or continuation of the Commitment (each a “Continuation”) which 
are not Permitted Exceptions, Purchaser shall notify Seller thereof in writing within the earlier of 
five (5) Business Days after Purchaser receives such Continuation and the last Business Day prior 
to the Closing Date, TIME BEING OF THE ESSENCE, and Seller shall have five (5) Business 
Days (with any attendant extension of the Closing Date if Purchaser’s written notice if delivered 
less than five (5) Business Days prior to the then scheduled Closing Date) to elect to attempt to 
eliminate such exception or not.  If Seller fails to respond after such five (5) Business Day period 
it shall be deemed that Seller has elected not to eliminate such exceptions.  If Seller is unable, or 
elects not to attempt, to eliminate such exceptions to title, or if Seller elects to attempt to eliminate 
any such exceptions to title but is unable to do so or thereafter decides not to eliminate the same, 
and accordingly, is unable to convey title to the Premises in accordance with the provisions of this 
Agreement, Seller shall so notify Purchaser and, within five (5) Business Days after receipt of such

6 
ACTIVE 61730742v13

=== page 29 ===
Case 25-11853-KBO    Doc 396-2    Filed 03/31/26    Page 29 of 551

notice from Seller, Purchaser shall elect either (i) to terminate this Agreement by notice given to 
Seller and Escrow Agent (TIME BEING OF THE ESSENCE with respect to Purchaser’s 
notice), in which event, neither party to this Agreement shall have any further rights or obligations 
hereunder, except that Escrow Agent shall refund to Purchaser the Deposit (together with all 
interest thereon, if any) and except for the rights and obligations hereunder that expressly survive 
the termination of this Agreement, or (ii) to accept title to the Premises subject to such exceptions, 
without any abatement of the Purchase Price. If Purchaser shall not notify Seller of such election 
within such five (5) Business Day period, TIME BEING OF THE ESSENCE, Purchaser shall 
be deemed to have elected clause (ii) above with the same force and effect as if Purchaser had 
elected clause (ii) within such five (5) Business Day period.  Notwithstanding the notice methods 
provided for in Article 17, the notices provided for in this Section 5.1 may be provided solely by 
electronic mail delivery by counsel for either party.

5.2 
If the Commitment or any Continuation discloses judgments, bankruptcies or 
similar returns against persons or entities having names the same as or similar to that of Seller but 
which returns are not against Seller, Seller, on request, shall deliver to Purchaser and Title 
Company affidavits reasonably acceptable to Seller and Title Company to the effect that such 
judgments, bankruptcies or returns are not against Seller, in form and substance sufficient to permit 
removal of same as exceptions in Purchaser’s title policy.

5.3 
If the Commitment or any Continuation discloses exceptions (other than the 
Permitted Exceptions) which (i) may be removed solely by reference to Seller’s existing title 
policy, or (ii) were created, consented to or affirmatively permitted by Seller in writing after the 
date hereof, then Seller shall remove such exceptions.  Notwithstanding the foregoing, Seller, at 
its option in lieu of satisfying such exceptions, may deposit with Title Company such amount of 
money and provide such documentation, affidavits and indemnities as may be reasonably 
determined by Title Company as being sufficient to induce it to insure Purchaser against collection 
of such liens and/or encumbrances, including interest and penalties, out of or against the Real 
Property, in which event such exceptions shall not be objections to title.

5.4 
Seller shall be entitled to one or more adjournments of the Closing Date, not to 
exceed sixty (60) days in the aggregate, to remove any exceptions to title which Seller is obligated 
to remove under this Agreement or elects to attempt, but is not obligated, to remove.

5.5 
Notwithstanding the foregoing provisions of this Article 5, in the event that Title 
Company or any title company retained by Purchaser shall raise an exception to title which is not 
a Permitted Exception, Seller shall have no obligation to eliminate such exception and Purchaser 
shall have no right to terminate the Agreement by reason of such exception (and such exception 
shall be deemed a Permitted Exception) if Title Company or a nationally recognized title company, 
as applicable, shall be prepared to insure title to the Premises at regular rates without such 
exception.

5.6 
Purchaser shall pay the costs of examination of title and any owner’s or mortgagee’s 
policy of title insurance to be issued insuring Purchaser’s title to the Premises, as well as all other 
title charges, survey fees, recording charges (other than to remove of record or satisfy Mandatory 
Removal Items and the costs to remove, satisfy or cure such other exceptions and title matters

7 
ACTIVE 61730742v13

=== page 30 ===
Case 25-11853-KBO    Doc 396-2    Filed 03/31/26    Page 30 of 551

which Seller elects to cure pursuant to Section 5.1) and any and all other title and survey costs or 
expenses incident to the Closing or in connection therewith.

5.7 
Notwithstanding anything in this Article 5 hereof to the contrary, Purchaser may at 
any time accept such title as Seller can convey, without reduction of the Purchase Price or any 
credit or allowance on account thereof or any claim against Seller.  The acceptance of the Deed by 
Purchaser shall be deemed to be full performance of, and discharge of, every agreement and 
obligation on Seller’s part to be performed under this Agreement, except for the documents 
delivered at Closing and such matters which are expressly stated in this Agreement to survive the 
Closing, to the limit of such survival.

5.8 
At Closing, Seller shall convey, transfer, grant and set over to Purchaser, fee simple 
title to the Owned Units and leasehold title to the Leased Units, free and clear of encumbrances, 
except only the Permitted Exceptions and any other encumbrances and exceptions expressly 
approved by Purchaser in writing.

Article 6. 
Responsibility for Violations.

6.1 
Purchaser shall acquire the Premises subject to all violations of building, fire, 
sanitary, environmental, housing and similar laws and regulations, whether or not noted or issued 
on the date hereof or on the Closing Date (collectively, “Violations”), including, but not limited 
to, those the removal of or compliance with which are the responsibility of Tenants, Unit Lessors 
under the Unit Leases or the Board of Managers under the Condominium Documents.   Seller shall 
have no obligation to cure or remove any Violations on or before Closing, except that Seller shall 
be responsible for, and pay at Closing, any penalties or fines imposed on or before the Closing in 
connection with any Violations issued with respect to the Premises prior to the Closing Date (it 
being understood and agreed that it shall be Purchaser’s responsibility, at its sole cost and expense, 
to pay any fines or penalties that accrue or arise after the Closing Date, even if the Violation was 
assessed or noted prior to the Closing Date).

Article 7. 
Condition of the Premises; “As-Is”; Rights of Inspection.

7.1 
Purchaser shall accept the Premises at the Closing in its “as is” condition as of the 
date hereof and as of the Closing Date, reasonable wear and tear and any further deterioration of 
the condition of the Premises caused by or arising out of any casualty that may have occurred prior 
to the date hereof excepted, and subject to (x) the provisions of Article 12 hereof in the event of a 
casualty or condemnation and (y) Seller’s compliance with the covenants contained in Article 13 
hereof.  Seller shall not be liable for any latent or patent defects in the Premises or bound in any 
manner whatsoever by any guarantees, promises, projections, operating expenses or other 
information pertaining to the Premises made, furnished or claimed to have been made or furnished, 
whether orally or in writing, by Seller, the Boards of Managers of the Condominium (the “Board 
of Managers”) under the Condominium Documents, the Lessors or any other person or entity, or 
any partner, employee, agent, attorney or other person representing or purporting to represent 
Seller, except to the extent expressly set forth in this Agreement or in any document or instrument 
expressly required in this Agreement to be delivered at Closing (collectively, the “Closing 
Documents”).  Purchaser acknowledges that neither Seller nor any of the employees, agents or 
attorneys of Seller have made or do make any oral or written representations or warranties

8 
ACTIVE 61730742v13

=== page 31 ===
Case 25-11853-KBO    Doc 396-2    Filed 03/31/26    Page 31 of 551

whatsoever to Purchaser, whether express or implied, except as expressly set forth in this 
Agreement or in any Closing Document, and, in particular, that no such representations and 
warranties have been made by Seller with respect to the physical, environmental condition or 
operation of the Premises, the presence, introduction or effect of hazardous materials at or affecting 
the Premises, the actual or projected revenue and expenses of the Premises, the zoning and other 
laws, regulations and rules or environmental laws applicable to the Premises or the compliance of 
the Premises therewith, the current or future real estate tax liability, assessment or valuation of the 
Premises, the availability of any financing for the alteration, rehabilitation or operation of the 
Premises from any source, including, without limitation, any state, city or Federal government or 
any institutional lender, the current or future use of the Premises, including, without limitation, the 
use for residential or commercial purposes, the present and future condition and operating state of 
any and all machinery or equipment in the Premises and the present or future structural and 
physical condition of the Building or its suitability for rehabilitation or renovation, the ownership 
or state of title of any Personal Property, the quantity, quality or condition of the Personal Property 
or Fixtures, the use or occupancy of the Premises or any part thereof, or any other matter or thing 
affecting or relating to the Premises, or the transactions contemplated hereby, except as specifically 
set forth in this Agreement or in any Closing Document.

7.2 
Purchaser has not relied and is not relying upon any representations or warranties 
or upon any statements made in any informational materials with respect to the Premises provided 
by Seller or any other person or entity, or any shareholder, employee, agent, attorney or other 
person representing or purporting to represent Seller, other than the representations and warranties 
expressly set forth in this Agreement or in any Closing Document.

7.3 
PURCHASER ACKNOWLEDGES THAT SELLER AND CERTAIN OF ITS 
AFFILIATES, AGENTS, ATTORNEYS, CONSULTANTS AND REPRESENTATIVES 
PROVIDED TO PURCHASER OR MADE AVAILABLE TO PURCHASER (IN THE DATA 
ROOM, DELIVERED (VIA EMAIL) DIRECTLY TO PURCHASER AND/OR PURCHASER’S 
AGENTS AND CONSULTANTS INCLUDING ITS ATTORNEYS, OR CONTAINED IN THE 
SCHEDULES AND EXHIBITS ANNEXED HERETO), CERTAIN DUE DILIGENCE 
MATERIALS IN SELLER’S POSSESSION RELATING TO THE PREMISES AND THE USE 
AND OPERATION THEREOF (WITH ALL SUCH DOCUMENTS AND MATERIALS 
HERETOFORE PROVIDED TO PURCHASER OR PURCHASER’S AGENTS, TOGETHER 
WITH ANY COPIES OR REPRODUCTIONS OF SUCH DOCUMENTS OR MATERIALS, OR 
ANY SUMMARIES, ABSTRACTS COMPILATIONS OR OTHER ANALYSES MADE BY OR 
FOR PURCHASER BASED ON THE INFORMATION IN SUCH DOCUMENTS OR 
MATERIALS REFERRED TO COLLECTIVELY HEREIN AS “SELLER DUE DILIGENCE 
MATERIALS”).  PURCHASER ACKNOWLEDGES AND AGREES THAT ANY SELLER 
DUE DILIGENCE MATERIALS DELIVERED OR TO BE DELIVERED BY ANY SELLER 
RELATED PARTIES TO PURCHASER ARE BEING MADE AVAILABLE SOLELY AS AN 
ACCOMMODATION TO PURCHASER AND, OTHER THAN AS EXPRESSLY SET FORTH 
IN THIS AGREEMENT OR IN ANY CLOSING DOCUMENT, WITHOUT ANY 
REPRESENTATION OR WARRANTY OF ANY SELLER RELATED PARTY AS TO THEIR 
ACCURACY OR COMPLETENESS OF FACTS OR OPINIONS SET FORTH THEREIN AND 
THAT ANY RELIANCE BY PURCHASER ON SUCH REPORTS OR OTHER DOCUMENTS 
IN CONNECTION WITH THE PURCHASE OF THE PREMISES IS UNDERTAKEN AT 
PURCHASER’S SOLE RISK.  OTHER THAN AS EXPRESSLY SET FORTH IN THIS

9 
ACTIVE 61730742v13

=== page 32 ===
Case 25-11853-KBO    Doc 396-2    Filed 03/31/26    Page 32 of 551

AGREEMENT OR IN ANY CLOSING DOCUMENT, PURCHASER AGREES THAT NO 
SELLER RELATED PARTY HAS ANY LIABILITY OR OBLIGATION WHATSOEVER FOR 
ANY INACCURACY IN OR OMISSION FROM THE SELLER DUE DILIGENCE 
MATERIALS, OFFERING MATERIALS PREPARED IN CONNECTION WITH THE SALE 
OF THE PROPERTY OR ANY REPORT OR OTHER DOCUMENTS MADE AVAILABLE TO 
PURCHASER OR PURCHASER’S AGENTS.  PURCHASER ACKNOWLEDGES THAT 
SELLER HAS PROVIDED THE OPPORTUNITY FOR PURCHASER TO MAKE 
INSPECTIONS AND THAT PURCHASER HAS CONDUCTED ITS OWN INVESTIGATION 
OF THE CONDITION OF THE PREMISES, TO THE EXTENT PURCHASER DEEMS SUCH 
AN INVESTIGATION TO BE NECESSARY OR APPROPRIATE.

7.4 
Without limiting the generality of the foregoing, Purchaser acknowledges that it 
has had an opportunity to conduct its own investigation of the Premises with regard to Hazardous 
Materials and compliance of the Premises with Relevant Environmental Laws.  Purchaser agrees 
to take title to the Premises subject to all costs and liabilities arising out of or in any way relating 
to Hazardous Materials and Relevant Environmental Laws, and Purchaser acknowledges that 
Seller shall not have any responsibility for any such costs and liabilities.  Purchaser hereby releases 
Seller, its principals and affiliates, and their respective officers, directors, members, managers, 
partners, agents, employees, successors and assigns (collectively, the “Seller Related Parties”), 
from and against any and all claims, counterclaims and causes of action which Purchaser may now 
or in the future have against any of the foregoing parties arising out of the existence of Hazardous 
Materials affecting the Premises.  For purposes of this Agreement: the term “Hazardous Materials” 
means any mold, solid wastes, toxic or hazardous substances, wastes or contaminants, 
polychlorinated biphenyls, paint or other materials containing lead, urea formaldehyde foam 
insulation, radon, asbestos, and asbestos containing material, petroleum product and any fraction 
thereof as any of these terms is defined in or for the purposes of any Relevant Environmental Laws 
(as hereinafter defined), and any Pathogen (as hereinafter defined); the term “Pathogen” means 
any pathogen, toxin or other biological agent or condition, including but not limited to, any fungus, 
mold, mycotoxin or microbial volatile organic compound; and the term “Relevant Environmental 
Laws” means  any and all laws, rules, regulations, orders and directives, whether federal, state or 
local, applicable to the Premises or any part thereof with respect to the environmental condition of 
the Premises or any part thereof, and any activities conducted on or at the Premises, including by 
way of example and not limitation: (i) Hazardous Materials; (ii) air emissions, water discharges, 
and any other environmental, health or safety matter; (iii) the existence of any underground storage 
tanks that contained or contain Hazardous Materials; and (iv) the existence of pcb contained 
electrical equipment.

7.5 
Intentionally omitted.

7.6 
Purchaser hereby releases Seller and the Seller Related Parties, from and against 
any and all claims, counterclaims and causes of action which Purchaser may now or in the future 
have against any of the foregoing parties arising out of the existence of Hazardous Materials  
affecting the Premises.

7.7 
Purchaser and/or Purchaser’s designees, agents, advisors, representatives, 
employees, consultants, appraisers, engineers, contractors and prospective lenders and such 
prospective lenders’ agents, advisors and representatives (“Purchaser’s Representatives”), from

10 
ACTIVE 61730742v13

=== page 33 ===
Case 25-11853-KBO    Doc 396-2    Filed 03/31/26    Page 33 of 551

time to time before the Closing and during regular business hours, upon at least two (2) Business 
Days’ prior written notice to Seller, may inspect the Premises, provided that (i) Purchaser shall not 
communicate with any employees of Seller or  Seller’s managers or contractors or with Tenants 
or occupants of the Premises without, in each instance, the prior written consent of Seller, which 
consent may be withheld in Seller’s sole discretion, (ii) Purchaser shall not perform any tests with 
respect to such Premises without the prior written consent of Seller in each instance, which consent 
shall not be unreasonably withheld, conditioned or delayed; provided however, if such tests are 
invasive Seller shall have the right to withhold its consent to such tests in its sole and absolute 
discretion, and (iii) Purchaser shall have no additional rights or remedies under this Agreement as 
a result of such inspection(s) or any findings in connection therewith.  Without limiting the 
foregoing, Purchaser agrees that it shall not have any so-called “due diligence period” and that it 
shall have no right to terminate this Agreement or obtain a reduction of the Purchase Price as a 
result of such inspection(s) or any findings in connection therewith (including relating to the 
physical condition of the Premises, the operation of the Premises or otherwise).  Any entry upon 
the Premises shall be performed in a manner which is not disruptive to Tenants or the normal 
operation of the Premises and shall be subject to the rights of any Tenants or occupants of the 
Premises.  Purchaser shall (i) exercise reasonable care at all times that Purchaser and/or 
Purchaser’s Representatives shall be present in the Premises, (ii) at Purchaser’s expense, observe 
and comply with all applicable laws and any conditions imposed by any insurance policy then in 
effect with respect to the Premises and (iii) not engage in any activities which would violate the 
provisions of any permit or license pertaining to the Premises.  Seller shall have the right to have 
a representative of Seller accompany Purchaser during any such communication or entry into or 
upon the Premises.

7.8 
Purchaser hereby agrees to indemnify, defend and hold Seller, its officers, 
shareholders, partners, members, directors, employees, attorneys and agents harmless from and 
against any and all liability, actual loss, cost, judgment, claim, damages or expense (including, 
without limitation, attorneys’ fees and expenses), resulting from or arising out of the entry upon 
the Premises before the Closing by Purchaser or Purchaser’s Representatives, other than (x) the 
mere discovery of pre-existing conditions, except to the extent such pre-existing conditions were 
exacerbated by the entry upon the Premises before the Closing by Purchaser or Purchaser’s 
Representatives, and (y) those resulting from gross negligence or willful misconduct of Seller or 
its representatives.  The foregoing indemnification shall survive the Closing or the termination of 
this Agreement.

7.9 
As a condition precedent to entering the Premises in connection with any 
inspection, Purchaser shall maintain or cause to be maintained, at Purchaser’s sole cost and 
expense, a policy of comprehensive general public liability and property damage insurance by an 
insurer or syndicate of insurers reasonably acceptable to Seller: (A) with a combined single limit 
of not less than One Million Dollars ($1,000,000.00) general liability and Three Million Dollars 
($3,000,000.00) excess umbrella liability, (B) insuring Purchaser, Seller, Existing Manager, each 
of their respective affiliates, Seller’s lender and any other person or entity related to Seller or 
involved with the transaction contemplated by this Agreement (such additional persons or entities 
to be designated in writing by Seller), as additional insureds, against any injuries or damages to 
persons or property that may result from or are related to (x) Purchaser’s entry into the Premises 
or upon the Premises and (y) any inspection or other activity conducted thereon by Purchaser’s 
Representatives and (C) containing a provision to the effect that insurance provided by Purchaser

11 
ACTIVE 61730742v13

=== page 34 ===
Case 25-11853-KBO    Doc 396-2    Filed 03/31/26    Page 34 of 551

hereunder shall be primary and noncontributing with any other insurance available to Seller or any 
other additional insured party.  Purchaser shall deliver evidence of such insurance coverage to 
Seller before the commencement of the first inspection and proof of continued coverage before 
any subsequent inspection.

7.10 
Notwithstanding any provision in this Agreement to the contrary, neither Purchaser 
nor any of Purchaser’s Representatives shall contact any federal, state, county, municipal or other 
department or governmental agency regarding the Premises without Seller’s prior written consent 
thereto, in each instance; provided, however, that the foregoing shall not prohibit Purchaser from 
accessing publicly accessible governmental records and databases from time to time or from 
contacting governmental authorities to obtain zoning verification letters and similar documentation 
necessary to complete a zoning report.  In addition, if Seller’s consent is obtained by Purchaser, 
Seller shall be entitled to receive at least five (5) Business Days prior written notice of the intended 
contact and shall be entitled to have a representative present when Purchaser and/or Purchaser’s 
Representatives has any such contact with any governmental official or representative.  
Notwithstanding the foregoing, Purchaser shall be permitted, at its sole cost and expense, to file 
applications for permits for the matters described on Schedule J attached hereto (collectively, the 
“Allowed Applications”) prior to the Closing Date as a “contract vendee” (and not as the owner of 
the Premises), provided that, at least five (5) Business Days prior to the date on which Purchaser 
anticipates submitting any such Allowed Application, Purchaser provides Seller with a complete 
copy of the subject Allowed Application, together with all submission materials attendant thereto, 
for Seller’s review.  Purchaser agrees to make such modifications, clarification or corrections 
reasonably requested by Seller to confirm that the application is being submitted as a “contract 
vendee” and imposing no obligations or liabilities upon Seller, as the owner of the Premises, 
provided that Seller provides written notice of such reasonably requested modifications, 
clarification or corrections to Purchaser within five (5) Business Days after receipt of Purchaser’s 
Allowed Application, together with all submission materials attendant thereto (and failure of Seller 
to provide written notice of any reasonably requested modifications, clarification or corrections 
within that five (5) Business Day period shall be deemed Seller’s confirmation of the 
corresponding Allowed Application, together with all submission materials attendant thereto, it 
being understood that Seller’s posing of questions regarding such documentation during the five 
(5) Business Day period shall mean that the Allowed Application is not deemed confirmed).  Upon 
satisfying the foregoing, Purchaser shall be permitted to submit such Allowed Application to the 
appropriate governmental authority. Except for the Allowed Applications, in no event shall 
Purchaser be permitted to file any applications, requests, certifications or permits (including, 
without  limitation, any application for a Certificate of No Harassment) with the NYS Department 
of Housing and Community Renewal, the NYC Department of Housing Preservation and 
Development, the NYC Department of City Planning, or other governmental agencies, without the 
prior written consent of Seller, which may be granted or withheld in its sole discretion.  If the 
Closing does not occur for any reason hereunder, Purchaser agrees to take such steps as are 
necessary to rescind or otherwise terminate the Allowed Applications submitted and/or the 
evaluation processes engaged by the applicable governmental agencies associated with the 
submission of such Allowed Applications.  Any breach of the foregoing covenants shall constitute 
a default by Purchaser hereunder.  Purchaser agrees to indemnify and hold harmless Seller and the 
Seller Related Parties for any loss, cost, expense, or damage suffered by Seller as a result of or 
arising out of (x) any breach or violation of the foregoing covenants and (y) claims made by 
Tenants or other Persons who become aware of the filing of the Allowed Applications.  The

12 
ACTIVE 61730742v13

=== page 35 ===
Case 25-11853-KBO    Doc 396-2    Filed 03/31/26    Page 35 of 551

foregoing provisions of this Section 7.10 shall survive the Closing or earlier termination of this 
Agreement.

7.11 
The provisions of this Article 7 shall survive the Closing.

Article 8. 
Representations and Warranties.

8.1 
Seller hereby represents and warrants to Purchaser that the following are true and 
correct in all material respects as of the Effective Date:

(a) 
This Agreement constitutes, and each document and instrument to be 
executed and delivered by Seller hereunder (collectively, the “Seller’s Documents”), when so 
executed and delivered, shall constitute, the legal, valid and binding obligations of Seller, 
enforceable in accordance with their respective terms, covenants and conditions.

(b) 
Seller (i)  is a limited liability company duly organized in the State of 
Delaware and licensed and/or qualified to conduct business in the State of New York; (ii) has all 
requisite power and authority to enter into this Agreement and to consummate the transactions 
contemplated hereby; (iii) has full power and authority to enter into and perform this Agreement 
and to enter into the documents to be executed and delivered in accordance with the terms hereof; 
and (iv) has full power and authority to consummate the transactions as contemplated herein.

(c) 
Neither the entering into of this Agreement, nor the consummation of the 
transactions contemplated hereunder, will constitute a violation or breach by Seller of any contract, 
writ, order, judgment, or other instrument or agreement to which Seller is a party, or to which it is 
subject to by which any of its assets or properties may be affected, or of any judgment, order, writ, 
injunction or decree issued against or imposed upon it, or result in a violation of any applicable 
law, ordinance, rule or regulation of any governmental authority affecting Seller.  The execution, 
delivery and performance of this Agreement by Seller, and the consummation of the transactions 
contemplated hereby, do not require Seller to obtain any consent, authorization, or approval which 
has not already been obtained.

(d) 
Seller is not subject to any pending voluntary or involuntary reorganization, 
liquidation, receivership, or other proceedings under any federal, state or local insolvency, 
liquidation, reorganization or similar type laws.  Seller has not applied for, consented to, or is 
subject to the appointment of a receiver, trustee, custodian, liquidator or other similar official for 
itself or for all or a substantial part of its assets, and has not made an assignment for the benefit of 
creditors.

(e) 
To Seller’s knowledge, Seller has made available to Purchaser true and 
complete copies of the Unit Leases.  To Seller’s knowledge, the Unit Leases are in full force and 
effect and there are no monetary defaults or material non-monetary defaults of Seller, as lessee, or 
of Lessors, under the Unit Leases.

(f) 
The list of single resident occupancy units set forth on Schedule C (the 
“SRO Schedule”) sets forth the units occupied by Tenants affecting the Premises on the date of 
this Agreement and is the SRO Schedule relied on by Seller in the ordinary course operation of its 
business. There are no written lease, license or occupancy agreements evidencing such rights held

13 
ACTIVE 61730742v13

=== page 36 ===
Case 25-11853-KBO    Doc 396-2    Filed 03/31/26    Page 36 of 551

by Tenants.  There are no security deposits held by Seller on account of the Tenants.  Seller has 
disclosed to Purchaser that possession of unit number 2253 is in dispute.  Other than the list of 
units set forth on Schedule C, to Seller’s knowledge, the other units within the Real Property are 
vacant.  To Seller’s knowledge, there are no pending or threatened in writing claims of harassment 
from any occupants of the single resident occupancy units in the Real Property against Seller or 
the Real Property.

(g) 
Seller is not a party to, nor does Seller have actual knowledge of the 
existence of any, written leases, subleases or licenses affecting the Premises in which Seller holds 
the lessor’s, sublessor’s, licensor’s or grantor’s interest.  The August 28, 2000 Lease between 
Henry Hudson Holdings LLC (as landlord) and Hudson Leaseco LLC (as tenant) affecting the 
Real Property has been terminated, and the August 12, 2011 Lease between Henry Hudson 
Holdings LLC (as landlord) and 58th Street Bar Company, LLC (as tenant) has been terminated.

(h) 
There are no tax certiorari proceedings pending with respect to the Premises 
or any part thereof other than as set forth on Schedule B annexed hereto.

(i) 
Seller is not a Prohibited Person (as defined below).  The assets Seller will 
transfer to Purchaser under this Agreement are not the property of, and are not beneficially owned, 
directly or indirectly, by a Prohibited Person.  The assets Seller will transfer to Purchaser under 
this Agreement are not the proceeds of specified unlawful activity as defined by 18 U.S.C. 
§1956(c)(7).  For purposes hereof, a “Prohibited Person” means any of the following:  (i) a person 
or entity that is listed in the Annex to, or is otherwise subject to the provisions of, Executive Order 
No. 13224 on Terrorist Financing (effective September 24, 2001) (the “Executive Order”); (ii) a 
person or entity owned or controlled by, or acting for or on behalf of any person or entity that is 
listed in the Annex to, or is otherwise subject to the provisions of, the Executive Order; (iii) a 
person or entity that is named as a “specially designated national” or “blocked person” on the most 
current list published by the U.S. Treasury Department’s Office of Foreign Assets Control 
(“OFAC”) at its official website, http://www.treas.gov/offices/enforcement/ofac; (iv) a person or 
entity that is otherwise the target of any economic sanctions program currently administered by 
OFAC; or (v) a person or entity that is affiliated with any person or entity identified in any of 
clauses (i), (ii), (iii) and/or (iv) above.

(j) 
Seller is not a “foreign person” as defined in the Internal Revenue Code of 
1986, as amended (the “Code”) Withholding Section.

(k) 
To Seller’s knowledge, Seller has made available to Purchaser true and 
complete copies of the Condominium Documents.  A list of each of the Condominium Documents 
is included on Schedule D annexed hereto.  To Seller’s knowledge, the Condominium Documents 
are in full force and effect and Seller has not delivered a notice of default to the Board of Managers.  
There have been no Common Charges (as defined in the Condominium Documents) under the 
Condominium Documents charged by the Board of Managers for the calendar year period 
preceding the Effective Date and, accordingly, there are no Common Charges under the 
Condominium Documents due and payable as of the Effective Date.

(l) 
There are no judgments of any kind against Seller unpaid or unsatisfied of 
record, which would be expected to have a material adverse effect on Seller’s ability to perform

14 
ACTIVE 61730742v13

=== page 37 ===
Case 25-11853-KBO    Doc 396-2    Filed 03/31/26    Page 37 of 551

hereunder or, except as may be set forth in the Commitment, which would be binding on the 
Premises.  There is no material action, suit or proceeding to which Seller is a party, pending or, to 
Seller’s actual knowledge, threatened in writing against or affecting Seller or the Premises, which, 
if adversely determined, would (i) have a material adverse effect upon title to the Premises, (ii) 
prohibit or impair Seller from consummating the transactions contemplated hereby, or (iii) 
materially adversely affect the use or operation of the Premises.

(m) 
Except as set forth on Schedule H, there are no pending, or to Seller’s 
knowledge, threatened in writing, lawsuits, actions, complaints, claims, charges, arbitrations, 
investigations, grievances, administrative charges or proceedings before any governmental entity 
under the Labor and Employment Laws (as hereinafter defined), regarding employment 
discrimination, harassment, retaliation, safety, violations or any other employment-related charges 
or complaints, wage and hour claims, claims not covered by insurance for workers’ compensation 
or other benefits in connection with or related to the Hotel Employees (as defined in Article 16).

(n) 
Seller is not a party to any service, maintenance or similar contracts or 
agreements with respect to the Premises other than the Service Contracts set forth on Schedule I 
attached hereto.  Seller has made copies of the Service Contracts available to Purchaser, and to 
Seller’s knowledge, such copies are true, correct and complete in all material respects.  With 
respect to any Designated Service Contract that Purchaser elects to assume, neither Seller nor, to 
Seller’s knowledge, any other party is in material default under any Service Contract.  Seller is not 
a party to any property management agreement binding upon the Premises, other than the Existing 
PMA, of which Seller has made available to Purchaser a true and correct copy and which Existing 
PMA shall be terminated as of the Closing Date.

(o) 
There are no pending or, to Seller’s actual knowledge, threatened 
condemnation or eminent domain proceedings against the Premises.

(p) 
Intentionally omitted.

(q) 
Seller has not granted to any other person or entity, except Purchaser, any 
options, rights of first refusal or other purchase rights with respect to the Premises. Seller is not a 
party to any contract, agreement or commitment to sell, convey, assign, transfer, provide rights of 
first refusal, option rights or any other similar rights relating to the disposition of the Premises or 
any portion thereof.

(r) 
Seller has not received any written notice of any existing or proposed 
special assessments against the Premises.

(s) 
Except as disclosed by Seller to Purchaser prior to the date hereof and/or as 
set forth in the Seller Due Diligence Materials, Seller has not received written notice from any 
governmental authority of the presence of Hazardous Materials on, under or at the Premises in 
violation of Relevant Environmental Laws.

(t) 
Except as set forth on Schedule K, Seller has not received written notice of 
any Violations.

15 
ACTIVE 61730742v13

=== page 38 ===
Case 25-11853-KBO    Doc 396-2    Filed 03/31/26    Page 38 of 551

(u) 
Other than the Collective Bargaining Agreement (as defined in Article 16), 
Seller is not a party to or bound by, and the Premises are not subject to or bound by, any collective 
bargaining, labor or employment, or development, card check, or neutrality agreement with respect 
to any employees currently employed to provide services to the Premises or that may in the future 
be employed to provide services to the Premises, or with respect to the Premises itself.

(v) 
Seller has not experienced any strikes, committed any unfair labor practices, 
and is not aware of any allegations it has committed any unfair labor practice within the period of 
six months prior to the execution of this Agreement related to the employees represented by the 
Union.

(w) 
Other than the New York Hotel Trades Council and Hotel Association of 
New York City, Inc., Pension Fund, neither Seller nor any ERISA Affiliate of Seller has 
contributed or been obligated to contribute to any multiemployer pension plan with respect to the 
Premises.  For purposes of this Agreement, “ERISA Affiliate” means any entity, trade or business 
(whether or not incorporated) that is, or has ever been, a member of a “controlled group of 
corporations” with, or is under “common control” with, or is a member of the same “affiliated 
service group” with Seller or any of its affiliates, in each case, as defined in Sections 414(b), (c), 
(m) or (o) of the Code or is, or within the last six years, has been, treated as a single employer for 
purposes of Section 4001(b)(1) of ERISA.  To Seller’s knowledge, Existing Manager has paid all 
employee benefit contributions due to date required under the Collective Bargaining Agreement 
to the Union Employee Benefit Funds, and there are no pending or unresolved claims by the Union 
Employee Benefit Funds or any other multiemployer benefit plan for outstanding or owed 
contributions, arrears, delinquencies, or for compliance with any audit.  To Seller’s knowledge, no 
complete or partial withdrawal liability under Title IV of ERISA has occurred or been triggered 
with respect to the Premises during Seller’s period of ownership.

(x) 
Seller has not received any written notice claiming a breach of the 
Collective Bargaining Agreement or any violation of any applicable Labor and Employment Laws.

8.2 
The representations and warranties of Seller set forth in Section 8.1 (the “Surviving 
Seller Representations”) shall be deemed remade on, and shall be true and accurate in all material 
respects as of, the Closing Date.  The Surviving Seller Representations shall survive for one 
hundred fifty (150) days after the Closing Date (the “Survival Period”), provided, however, that if 
Purchaser makes a claim for a breach of any Surviving Seller Representation on or before the 
expiration of the Survival Period, the Survival Period shall be extended for those claims timely 
made until such claims are resolved by binding agreement of the parties or final judgment and 
expiration of applicable appeal periods.  Each Surviving Seller Representation shall automatically 
be null and void and of no further force and effect after the expiration of the Survival Period unless, 
prior to the end of the Survival Period, Purchaser shall have asserted in writing a specific claim 
with respect to the particular Surviving Seller Representation and commenced a legal proceeding 
(a “Proceeding”) within thirty (30) days thereafter against Seller alleging that Seller is in breach 
of such Surviving Seller Representation and that Purchaser has suffered actual damages 
(“Damages”) as a result thereof.  In no event shall Purchaser be entitled to assert any consequential, 
special or punitive damages with respect to any claims for a breach of Seller Representations 
pursuant to this Section 8.2, nor shall it be entitled to any award or payment based on such 
damages.  If Purchaser timely commences a Proceeding, and a court of competent jurisdiction,

16 
ACTIVE 61730742v13

=== page 39 ===
Case 25-11853-KBO    Doc 396-2    Filed 03/31/26    Page 39 of 551

pursuant to a final, non-appealable order in connection with such Proceeding, determines that (1) 
the applicable Surviving Seller Representation was breached as of the date of this Agreement or 
the Closing Date and (2) Purchaser suffered Damages by reason of such breach and (3) Purchaser 
did not have knowledge or was not deemed to have knowledge of such breach prior to the Closing, 
then Purchaser shall be entitled to receive an amount equal to the Damages, but in no event in an 
amount greater than the Ceiling (as hereinafter defined); provided, however, Purchaser shall not 
be entitled to pursue any claim against Seller for damage to Purchaser that, when combined with 
all other claims  against Seller for breaches of Surviving Seller Representations, is less than the 
Floor (as hereinafter defined) in the aggregate.  If Purchaser has claim(s) against Seller, in excess 
of the Floor, then Purchaser shall be entitled to pursue the actual loss suffered by Purchaser in 
connection with such claim(s) against Seller (including, without limitation, recovery of all amounts 
below and above the Floor), but in no event shall Seller’s liability for any and all claims exceed 
the Ceiling.  For purposes of this Section 8.2, Purchaser shall be deemed to have knowledge of: 
(i) any matter disclosed in any exhibit or schedule to this Agreement, (ii) any matters disclosed in 
any document or written materials provided by Seller to Purchaser prior to the Closing (including, 
without limitation, those materials posted in the electronic data room located at 
https://app.box.com/folder/152329405383?s=r3cxvlnntp4q8hh46fl0bi6kgzljxtuf), (iii) any other 
matter disclosed in due diligence reports or inspections obtained by Purchaser in connection with 
the transactions contemplated by this Agreement, and (iv) any matter disclosed by Seller pursuant 
to a written update to Seller’s representations or warranties in accordance with this Agreement. As 
used herein, “Floor” shall mean with respect to any claim or claims against Seller for breach of 
any Surviving Seller Representation, FIFTY THOUSAND AND NO/100 Dollars ($50,000.00), 
and “Ceiling” shall mean TWO MILLION ONE HUNDRED THOUSAND AND NO/100  Dollars 
($2,100,000.00), provided, however, that the Ceiling shall not apply with respect to: (x) all of the 
credits and prorations Purchaser is entitled to pursuant to this Agreement; and (y) Seller’s 
indemnification obligations of Purchaser pursuant to Section 14.1(b) and Article 16 of this 
Agreement.  The provisions of this Section 8.2 shall constitute the sole and exclusive remedy after 
Closing for breaches of the Surviving Seller Representations and shall survive the Closing.  Seller 
agrees that at Closing, to secure payment of any claims by Purchaser against Seller for a breach of 
a representation or warranty in accordance with this Section 8.2, a portion of the Purchase Price in 
an amount equal to the Ceiling shall be deposited in an escrow account with Title Company, to be 
held and disbursed by Title Company pursuant to an escrow agreement in the form of Exhibit L 
attached hereto (the “Holdback Escrow Agreement”).

8.3 
If, prior to Closing, Purchaser has knowledge of any matter which would constitute 
a material breach of  Seller’s representations and warranties, Purchaser shall notify Seller of such 
material breach within the earlier of five (5) Business Days of learning of same and the Closing 
Date, failing which Purchaser shall be deemed to waive any such corresponding material breach 
of Seller’s representations and warranties.  Seller shall have the right to contest Purchaser’s 
determination as to a pre-Closing material breach of Seller’s representations and warranties, and 
shall have the right to attempt to cure such breach without being obligated to complete such cure.  
In addition, Seller shall have until the date that is the later of the originally scheduled Closing Date 
and sixty (60) days from the date of Purchaser’s notice to cure any such material breach of Seller’s 
representations and warranties and, at Seller’s sole option, the Closing Date shall be extended to 
such sixtieth (60) day (or any earlier Business Day) after Purchaser’s notice of breach, in order to 
permit such cure by Seller.  If Seller fails to cure any such material breach of Seller’s 
representations and warranties, then Purchaser, as its sole and exclusive remedy, shall have the

17 
ACTIVE 61730742v13

=== page 40 ===
Case 25-11853-KBO    Doc 396-2    Filed 03/31/26    Page 40 of 551

right to terminate this Agreement by written notice to Seller, in which case Escrow Agent shall 
return the Deposit (together with all interest thereon, if any) to Purchaser, Purchaser shall be 
entitled to reimbursement by Seller of Purchaser’s Reimbursement Costs, subject to the limitations 
set forth in Section 15.2, and neither party to this Agreement shall thereafter have any further right 
or obligation hereunder, except for the rights and obligations hereunder that expressly survive the 
termination of this Agreement.

8.4 
The terms “to Seller’s actual knowledge,” “to the best of Seller’s actual knowledge” 
and phrases of similar import shall mean the actual present knowledge (and not constructive 
knowledge) of Eric Poretsky, without independent inquiry or investigation, and shall not 
conclusively mean that Seller or such individual is charged with knowledge of the acts, omissions 
and/or knowledge of Seller’s property manager (or any employee thereof), Seller’s other agents or 
employees or Seller’s predecessors in title to the Premises.  The foregoing individual is named 
solely for the purpose of establishing the scope of knowledge and Seller represents that such person 
is the representative of Seller who is charged with day-to-day administration of information 
relating to and asset management of the Premises.  Such individual is not a party to this Agreement 
and shall have no personal liability for any of the representations or warranties hereunder.

8.5 
As of the Effective Date, Purchaser hereby represents and warrants as follows:

(i) 
Purchaser is familiar with the source of funds for the Purchase Price 
of the Premises and represents that all such funds will be derived from legitimate business activities 
and/or from loans from a banking or financial institution.

(ii) 
None of Purchaser, any direct or indirect interest holder in Purchaser 
(collectively, the “Purchaser Parties”), or any affiliate of Purchaser is (a) subject to sanctions of 
the United States government, (b) in violation of any provision of OFAC or (c) a Prohibited Person 
similarly designated under any Executive Orders or OFAC.

(iii) 
None of the Purchaser, the Purchaser Parties or any affiliate of 
Purchaser is listed on the Specially Designated Nationals List maintained by the OFAC, and/or on 
any other similar lists as a Prohibited Person.

(iv) 
Purchaser has, and its Purchaser Parties have, required and shall 
require, and has/have taken and shall take all reasonable measures to ensure compliance with the 
requirement that no Purchaser Parties or affiliates of Purchaser is or shall be listed on any lists, be 
a Prohibited Person, or be in violation of any laws, including any OFAC laws.

(v) 
None of Purchaser, the Purchaser Parties or any affiliate of 
Purchaser is or will (i) conduct any business or engage in making or receiving any contribution of 
funds, goods or services to or for the benefit of any Prohibited Person, (ii) deal in, or otherwise 
engage in, any transaction relating to any property or interest in property blocked pursuant to 
OFAC or the Patriot Act, or (iii) engage in or conspire to engage in any transaction that evades or 
avoids, or has the purpose of evading or avoiding, or attempts to violate, any of the prohibitions 
set forth in OFAC or the Patriot Act.

(vi) 
This Agreement constitutes, and each document and instrument to 
be executed and delivered by Purchaser hereunder (collectively, the “Purchaser’s Documents”),

18 
ACTIVE 61730742v13

=== page 41 ===
Case 25-11853-KBO    Doc 396-2    Filed 03/31/26    Page 41 of 551

when so executed and delivered, shall constitute, the legal, valid and binding obligations of 
Purchaser, enforceable in accordance with their respective terms, covenants and conditions.

(vii) 
Purchaser (i)  is a limited liability company duly organized in the 
State of Delaware and as of the Closing Date shall be licensed and/or qualified to conduct business 
in the State of New York; (ii) has all requisite power and authority to enter into this Agreement 
and to consummate the transactions contemplated hereby; (iii) has full power and authority to enter 
into and perform this Agreement and to enter into the documents to be executed and delivered in 
accordance with the terms hereof; and (iv) has full power and authority to consummate the 
transactions as contemplated herein.

(viii) Neither the entering into of this Agreement, nor the consummation 
of the transactions contemplated hereunder, will constitute a violation or breach by Purchaser of 
any contract, writ, order, judgment, or other instrument or agreement to which Purchaser is a party, 
or to which it is subject to by which any of its assets or properties may be affected, or of any 
judgment, order, writ, injunction or decree issued against or imposed upon it, or result in a violation 
of any applicable law, ordinance, rule or regulation of any governmental authority affecting 
Purchaser.  The execution, delivery and performance of this Agreement by Purchaser, and the 
consummation of the transactions contemplated hereby, do not require Purchaser to obtain any 
consent, authorization, or approval which has not already been obtained.

(ix) 
Purchaser is not subject to any pending voluntary or involuntary 
reorganization, liquidation, receivership, or other proceedings under any federal, state or local 
insolvency, liquidation, reorganization or similar type laws.

8.6 
All of the foregoing representations and warranties of Purchaser will be and remain 
true on and as of the Closing Date and shall survive the Closing.

Article 9. 
Closing Obligations.

9.1 
At or prior to the Closing, Seller shall execute and/or deliver to Title Company the 
following:

(a) 
Two (2) condominium unit deeds in substantially the form attached hereto 
as Exhibit B and made a part hereof, and properly executed in the form for recording so as to 
convey title to each of the Owned Units (each, respectively, the “Deed”);

(b) 
At least fifteen (15) days prior to Closing, two (2) written agreements 
pursuant to which Seller shall assign to two (2) separate and distinct Permitted Designees of 
Purchaser (as designated by Purchaser in its sole and absolute discretion), and such Permitted 
Designees shall assume and agree to be bound by, all obligations and liabilities of Seller under the 
10th Floor Lease and Store Unit Lease, respectively, and otherwise with respect to the Leased 
Units, in substantially the form of Exhibit C attached hereto (each, respectively, the “Assignment 
and Assumption of Lease”);

(c) 
a bill of sale, conveying and transferring to Purchaser all right, title and 
interest of Seller, if any, in and to all Personal Property, Fixtures, Warranties and Permits, in 
substantially the form attached hereto as Exhibit D and made a part hereof;

19 
ACTIVE 61730742v13

=== page 42 ===
Case 25-11853-KBO    Doc 396-2    Filed 03/31/26    Page 42 of 551

(d) 
A Real Property Transfer Tax Return with respect to the New York City 
Real Property Transfer Tax (the “RPT Form”);

(e) 
A New York State Real Estate Transfer Tax Return and Credit Line 
Mortgage Certificate with respect to the New York State Real Estate Transfer Tax (the “Form TP-
584”);

(f) 
A New York State Real Property Transfer Report Form RP-5217 NYC (the 
“RP-5217”);

(g) 
Intentionally omitted;

(h) 
a written notice in substantially form of Exhibit E attached hereto, executed 
by Seller or by its agent, advising the Tenants of the sale of the Units to Purchaser and directing 
that rents and other payments thereafter be sent to Purchaser or as Purchaser may direct;

(i) 
if the Alternative Agreement (as defined in Article 16, and attached hereto 
as Exhibit I-2), has been executed by the Seller, Purchaser and the Union, and a fully executed 
copy is delivered to Seller at least ten (10) days prior to Closing, then Seller shall deliver the fully 
executed Alternative Agreement to the Union at least ten (10) days prior to the Closing;

(j) 
Confirming Estoppels from each Lessor and the Board of Managers;

(k) 
Letters of resignation from all Seller appointed members of the Board of 
Managers with respect to the Owned Units, effective immediately upon the consummation of the 
Closing.  The parties will cooperate to have Seller’s appointed members of the Board of Managers 
resign and Purchaser’s replacement members appointed in accordance with the Condominium 
Documents;

(l) 
an affidavit of Seller pursuant to Section 1445(b)(2) of the Code in the form 
attached hereto as Exhibit F and made a part hereof, stating that Seller is not a foreign person 
within the meaning of such Section;

(m) 
evidence reasonably satisfactory to the Title Company that (i) Seller is 
authorized to consummate the transaction contemplated herein, and (ii) the individual(s) executing 
the documents on behalf of Seller is/are authorized to do so;

(n) 
A certificate with respect to Seller’s representations and warranties under 
Section 8.1 being true and correct in all material respects, subject to changes permitted by Section 
9.4(b), in the form of Exhibit J (the “Seller’s Bring Down Certificate”);

(o) 
An assignment and assumption, in substantially the form of Exhibit K, 
which provides for, as more particularly set forth therein, the assignment by Seller of all of Seller’s 
right, title and interest in and to the Designated Service Contracts and the assumption by Purchaser 
of all of Seller’s obligations under the Designated Service Contracts arising from and after the 
Closing Date (the “Assignment of Contracts”);

(p) 
The Holdback Escrow Agreement;

20 
ACTIVE 61730742v13

=== page 43 ===
Case 25-11853-KBO    Doc 396-2    Filed 03/31/26    Page 43 of 551

(q) 
The Labor Severance Escrow Agreement;

(r) 
A closing statement prepared by Title Company and approved by Seller and 
Purchaser, consistent with the terms of this Agreement;

(s) 
To the extent in Seller’s possession, all keys, combinations and access 
devices to any portion of the Premises;

(t) 
To the extent in the possession of Seller, all books and records relating to 
the Premises (other than Seller’s internal memoranda, financial projections, appraisals, proposals 
for work not actually undertaken, accounting and tax records and similar elective or confidential 
information), including, without limitation, (a) Permits relating to the operation of the Premises 
and/or issued by any governmental authority, (b) certifications verifying elevator and boiler 
inspections, (c) survey, architectural plans, building plans or specifications pertaining to the 
Premises, and (d) rent ledgers pertaining to the SRO units;

(u) 
Such affidavits, certificates, agreements and instruments as shall be 
reasonably required by the Title Company for Seller to comply with its obligations to deliver title 
to the Premises in accordance with this Agreement;

(v) 
An updated SRO Schedule, dated no more than five (5) days prior to the 
Closing Date;

(w) 
Evidence of termination of all Service Contracts that Purchaser has not 
agreed to assume at Closing (including evidence that Seller has paid all termination and/or 
cancellation fees, costs, penalties, charges and/or expenses that may result from such terminations 
which Seller expressly acknowledges and agrees shall be paid by Seller at its sole cost and expense 
at or prior to the Closing Date); and

(x) 
any other documents, instruments or agreements reasonably necessary to 
effectuate the transactions contemplated hereunder, in accordance with the express terms, 
covenants and conditions hereof.

9.2 
At or prior to the Closing, Purchaser (or the Permitted Designees, as applicable) 
shall execute and/or deliver to Title Company the following:

(a) 
The RPT Form;

(b) 
The RP-5217;

(c) 
The Form TP-584;

(d) 
a Power of Attorney executed by Purchaser and acknowledged by a notary 
public, in the form required by Exhibit E to the Declaration, in favor of the Board of Managers, as 
required by Section 16(B) of the Declaration;

(e) 
At least fifteen (15) days prior to Closing, two (2) Assignments and 
Assumptions of Lease, with respect to the Leased Units;

21 
ACTIVE 61730742v13

=== page 44 ===
Case 25-11853-KBO    Doc 396-2    Filed 03/31/26    Page 44 of 551

(f) 
an assignment and assumption of the Collective Bargaining Agreement in 
the form attached hereto as Exhibit I-1 (the “CBA Assumption Agreement”), executed by 
Purchaser, unless the Alternative Agreement (as defined in Article 16 and attached hereto as 
Exhibit I-2) has been signed by the Purchaser and the Union and delivered to the Seller at least ten 
(10) days prior to Closing, in which case Seller shall sign and deliver the Alternative Agreement 
to the Union;

(g) 
the Assignment of Contracts;

(h) 
a certificate with respect to Purchaser’s representations and warranties set 
forth in Section 8.5 being true and correct as required by Section 9.3(c);

(i) 
all consents and resolutions required to consummate the transactions 
contemplated hereby, certified to be true and complete by an authorized officer of Purchaser;

(j) 
such affidavits, certificates, agreements and instruments as shall be 
reasonably required by the Title Company;

(k) 
a closing statement prepared by Title Company and approved by Seller and 
Purchaser consistent with the terms of this Agreement;

(l) 
all other documents and instruments required by this Agreement and/or the 
Condominium Documents to be delivered by Purchaser at Closing;

(m) 
The Holdback Escrow Agreement;

(n) 
The Labor Severance Escrow Agreement;

(o) 
An assumption of the Retainer Agreement with the written consent of the 
Tax Cert Attorneys; and

(p) 
A Department of Housing Preservation and Development Registration 
Statement (the “Multiple Dwelling Registration Statement”) required upon change in ownership, 
containing Purchaser or Purchaser’s agent’s information to be delivered to the Department of 
Housing Preservation and Development;

(q) 
any other documents, instruments or agreements reasonably necessary to 
effectuate the transactions contemplated hereunder, in accordance with the express terms, 
covenants and conditions hereof.

9.3 
Seller’s obligation to consummate the Closing under this Agreement is subject to 
satisfaction of the following conditions precedent, which may be waived in whole or in part by 
Seller, provided such waiver is in writing and signed by Seller on or before the Closing Date:

(a) 
Purchaser shall have paid or tendered payment of the Balance to Escrow 
Agent on or before the Closing Date as provided in Article 2 hereof, subject to adjustment as 
provided in Article 11 hereof;

22 
ACTIVE 61730742v13

=== page 45 ===
Case 25-11853-KBO    Doc 396-2    Filed 03/31/26    Page 45 of 551

(b) 
Purchaser shall have delivered to or for the benefit of Seller, on or before 
the Closing Date, all of the documents and items required to be delivered by Purchaser pursuant 
to Section 9.2 of this Agreement, and Purchaser shall have performed in all material respects all 
of its obligations hereunder to be performed on or before the Closing Date;

(c) 
All of Purchaser’s representations and warranties made in this Agreement 
shall be true and correct as of the Effective Date and true and correct as of the Closing Date as if 
then made; and

(d) 
Purchaser shall have complied (or shall be deemed to have complied, upon 
execution of delivery of the documents set forth in Section 9.2 of this Agreement) with the 
requirements imposed upon the grantee of a Unit under Article XII of the Declaration.

9.4 
Purchaser’s obligation to consummate the Closing under this Agreement is subject 
to the satisfaction of the following conditions precedent, which may be waived in whole or in part 
by Purchaser, provided such waiver is in writing and signed by Purchaser on or before the Closing 
Date:

(a) 
Seller shall have delivered to or for the benefit of Purchaser, on or before 
the Closing Date, all of the documents and items required to be delivered by Seller pursuant to 
Section 9.1 of this Agreement, and Seller shall have performed in all material respects all of its 
obligations hereunder to be performed on or before the Closing Date;

(b) 
Subject to the other provisions of this Agreement, all of Seller’s 
representations and warranties made in this Agreement shall be true and correct in all material 
respects as of the Effective Date and true and correct in all material respects as of the Closing Date 
as if then made, other than those representations or warranties made as of a specific date, or with 
reference to previously dated materials, in which event such representations and warranties shall 
be true and correct in all material respects as of the date thereof or as of the date of such materials, 
as applicable.  For purposes hereof, a representation or warranty shall not be deemed to have been 
breached if the representation or warranty is not true and correct as of the Closing Date by reason 
of (a) changed facts or circumstances arising after the date hereof, the occurrence of which is not 
the result of an action by Seller which is prohibited by this Agreement or (b) any matter, including 
any alleged default, default, claim or proceeding, with respect to the Premises that relates to the 
Cycle 8 Local Law 11 Work to the extent such alleged default, default, claim or proceeding would 
be rendered moot upon or will be remedied by the Seller’s performance and completion of the 
Cycle 8 Local Law 11 Work in accordance with this Agreement; and

(c) 
Seller shall have complied (or shall be deemed to have complied, upon 
execution of delivery of the documents set forth in Section 9.1 of this Agreement) with the 
requirements regarding the conveyance of a Unit under Article XII of the Declaration.

Article 10. 
Transfer Taxes, Title Insurance and Other Expenses.

10.1 
At Closing, Seller shall pay the New York State Real Estate Transfer Tax imposed 
pursuant to Article 31 and Section 1402 of the New York Tax Law (the “State Transfer Tax”) and 
the New York City Real Property Transfer Tax imposed pursuant to Title 11, Chapter 21 of the 
New York City Administrative Code (the “City Transfer Tax”), upon or payable in connection

23 
ACTIVE 61730742v13

=== page 46 ===
Case 25-11853-KBO    Doc 396-2    Filed 03/31/26    Page 46 of 551

with the transfer of title to the Units and the recordation of each Deed and execution of each 
Assignment and Assumption of Lease, as applicable.  Seller shall also pay 100% of any escrow 
fees or charges of Escrow Agent.

10.2 
Purchaser shall pay for the following prior to or at the Closing:

(a) 
all State, City, County and municipal recording charges with respect to the 
deed;

(b) 
all costs and expenses in connection with Purchaser’s financing (if any), 
and costs for the filing of all documents necessary to complete such financing and related mortgage 
recording tax (as the same may be applicable), provided, however, nothing herein contained shall 
be deemed to create a financing contingency or to condition Purchaser’s obligations hereunder on 
Purchaser’s ability to obtain financing, and this shall be deemed to be an “all cash” transaction;

(c) 
the cost of Purchaser’s own survey, survey re-date, engineering studies, 
environmental studies and other due diligence investigations;

(d) 
the cost of obtaining its owner’s and/or loan policies of title insurance, 
including any and all premiums, endorsements and coverage issued in connection with such 
policies.

10.3 
Each party shall pay its own legal fees incidental to the negotiation, execution and 
delivery of this Agreement and the consummation of the transactions contemplated hereby.

10.4 
The provisions of this Article 10 shall survive the Closing.

Article 11. 
Apportionments.

11.1 
The following shall be apportioned between the parties as of 11:59 P.M. on the day 
immediately preceding the Closing Date:

(a) 
Rents, as and when collected;

(b) 
real property taxes and assessments, sewer rents and taxes, water rates and 
charges, vault charges and taxes, business improvement district taxes and assessments and any 
other governmental taxes, charges or assessments levied or assessed against the Premises, if any, 
on the basis of the fiscal year for which assessed;

(c) 
charges for water, sewer, electricity, gas, fuel and other utility charges, all 
of which shall be read as soon as practicable before Closing, unless Seller elects to close its own 
applicable account, in which event Purchaser shall open its own account and the respective charges 
shall not be prorated;

(d) 
charges for all utility services supplied to the Units (including, without 
limitation, water, gas, steam and electricity);

24 
ACTIVE 61730742v13

=== page 47 ===
Case 25-11853-KBO    Doc 396-2    Filed 03/31/26    Page 47 of 551

(e) 
amounts prepaid and amounts accrued but unpaid under the Designated 
Service Contracts;

(f) 
accrued wages, salaries, compensation (including but not limited to payroll 
expenses and taxes, but excluding any severance pay pursuant to the Collective Bargaining 
Agreement or enhanced severance pay pursuant to the Alternative Agreement, if applicable), 
benefits, including without limitation, contributions to the Union Employee Benefit Funds (other 
than the additional health insurance contributions pursuant to the Alternative Agreement, if 
applicable), vacation pay, holiday pay, sick pay, personal days or other paid time off and salaries 
of each Bargaining Unit Employee; provided that Purchaser shall pay when due the Seller’s portion 
of the foregoing but receive a closing adjustment therefor, and further provided that any severance 
pay pursuant to the Collective Bargaining Agreement or enhanced severance pay pursuant to the 
Alternative Agreement, if applicable (including the additional health insurance contributions 
pursuant to the Alternative Agreement, if applicable) shall be the responsibility of, and paid by, 
Purchaser;

(g) 
prepaid fees for Permits assigned to Purchaser at the Closing, if any;

(h) 
if and to the extent that either or both lessors under the Unit Leases confirm, 
prior to Closing, that they are holding any amount of “Security Deposit”, “Security” or other form 
of deposit securing the lessees’ performance under either or both Unit Leases, all right, title and 
other beneficial interests in such deposits shall be assigned within the corresponding Assignment 
and Assumption of Lease and Seller shall receive a credit at Closing corresponding with such 
confirmed deposited amounts; and

(i) 
all other items customarily apportioned in connection with the sale of 
similar properties similarly located.

11.2 
Except as expressly provided to the contrary herein, all apportionments and 
adjustments shall be made in accordance with the customs and practice of the Real Estate Board 
of New York.  Any taxes due and payable under Section 11.1(b) in the year in which the Closing 
occurs shall be apportioned based on the portion of the fiscal year which has elapsed prior to the 
Closing Date.  If the Closing Date shall occur before the amount of such taxes for the fiscal year 
in which Closing occurs has been determined, the apportionment of such taxes shall be made at 
the Closing Date based on the most recent ascertainable full-year taxes (e.g. the prior year’s full-
year, second installment tax bill).  If any utility apportionment is not based on an actual current 
reading, then upon the taking of a subsequent actual reading, the parties shall, within ten (10) 
Business Days following notice of the determination of such actual reading, readjust such 
apportionment and Seller shall promptly deliver to Purchaser, or Purchaser shall promptly deliver 
to Seller, as the case may be, the amount determined to be due upon such adjustment.

11.3 
If any past due rents shall be owing by any Tenants on the Closing Date, Seller 
waives all rights to collect any such past due or delinquent rents from Tenants following the 
Closing Date and Purchaser shall be entitled to collect and receive all payments for past due rentals.

11.4 
Seller is hereby authorized, but is not obligated, to continue any tax certiorari 
proceedings for reduction of the assessed valuation of the Units that are pending on the Closing

25 
ACTIVE 61730742v13

=== page 48 ===
Case 25-11853-KBO    Doc 396-2    Filed 03/31/26    Page 48 of 551

Date and (with respect to any such proceedings for tax years prior to the tax year in which the 
Closing Date shall occur) to settle or compromise the same in Seller’s sole discretion.  Any 
settlement or compromise in connection with such proceedings brought with respect to the tax year 
in which the Closing Date shall occur shall be made by Seller in consultation with, and with the 
prior written consent of, Purchaser (which consent may be withheld in Purchaser’s sole discretion).  
If a tax refund shall be obtained by reason of an adjustment of the assessed valuation of the Units 
attributable to a period that ends prior to the Closing Date, the same shall be the property of Seller 
(less the reasonable costs of collection, including attorneys and accounting fees).  If any such 
refund shall be obtained for a period that includes the Closing Date, the amount of such refund 
(less the cost of obtaining the same, including, without limitation, reasonable attorneys’ and 
accounting fees) shall be apportioned according to length of the respective portions of such period 
during which each party owned the Unit and subject to adjustment and apportionment pursuant to 
the Lease.  If any such refund or portion thereof to which Purchaser shall be entitled as hereinbefore 
provided shall be paid to Seller, Seller shall receive the same for the benefit of Purchaser and shall 
forthwith remit the same thereto.  Purchaser shall, with the consent of the Tax Cert Attorneys, 
assume the retainer agreement (the “Retainer Agreement”) with Ditchik & Ditchik, PLLC (the 
“Tax Cert Attorneys”) and shall be obligated to make any payments due to the Tax Cert Attorneys 
pursuant to the Retainer Agreement with respect to tax savings realized by Purchaser as a result of 
any reduction in the transitional assessed valuation and/or the actual assessed valuation of the Real 
Property, which reduction is implemented over the five year period following the Closing from 
which Purchaser benefits.  As of the Closing Date, Seller shall be released from any obligations to 
make payments under the Retainer Agreement with the Tax Cert Attorneys, other than payments 
to the Tax Cert Attorneys related to the tax years prior to the Closing Date.

11.5 
The terms, covenants and conditions of this Article 11 shall survive the Closing.

Article 12. 
Risk of Loss; Condemnation.

12.1 
If, between the date of this Agreement and the Closing Date, the Premises are 
damaged by fire or other casualty, the provisions of Section 5-1311 of the New York General 
Obligations Law, or any statute enacted in substitution therefor or in addition thereto, shall not 
apply.  Such provisions are hereby waived, and the provisions of the following Section 12.2 shall 
apply instead.

12.2 
Upon the occurrence of a casualty, condemnation or taking with respect to any 
Premises between the date of this Agreement and the Closing Date, Seller shall notify Purchaser 
in writing of same (a “Casualty/Condemnation Notice”).   For purposes of this Article 12 hereof, 
a “Significant Portion of the Premises” shall mean a portion of the Premises, of which the cost to 
repair is equal to or greater than ten percent (10%) of the Purchase Price, as determined by an 
architect or engineer selected by Seller and reasonably acceptable to Purchaser.  In the event that 
a Significant Portion of the Premises is damaged or destroyed in any casualty, or a Significant 
Portion of the Premises is condemned or taken (or notice of any condemnation or taking is issued), 
then Purchaser may elect to terminate this Agreement by providing written notice of such 
termination to Seller within five (5) Business Days after Purchaser’s receipt of the 
Casualty/Condemnation Notice, upon which termination, the Deposit shall be immediately 
returned to Purchaser without objection from Seller and neither party hereto shall have any further 
rights, obligations or liabilities under this Agreement with respect to the Premises, except as

26 
ACTIVE 61730742v13

=== page 49 ===
Case 25-11853-KBO    Doc 396-2    Filed 03/31/26    Page 49 of 551

otherwise expressly set forth herein.  If (a) Purchaser does not elect to terminate this Agreement 
(provided that Purchaser’s failure to timely elect to terminate shall be deemed an election to close), 
or (b) the portion of the Premises which is (x) taken, or (y) damaged or destroyed is, in either case, 
not a Significant Portion of the Premises, then there shall be no abatement of the Purchase Price 
and (x) in the case of a condemnation or taking, Seller shall assign to Purchaser at the Closing the 
rights of Seller to the claims or awards and Purchaser shall be entitled to receive and keep all such 
awards; and (y) in the case of a casualty, Seller shall assign to Purchaser at the Closing the rights 
of Seller to the proceeds under Seller’s insurance policies covering such Premises with respect to 
such damage or destruction (or pay to Purchaser any such proceeds received prior to Closing, less 
amounts actually paid by Seller for any emergency repairs) and credit to Purchaser the amount of 
any deductible with respect thereto, and Purchaser shall be entitled to receive and keep any monies 
received from such insurance policies.

Article 13. 
Covenants of Seller.  Between the date hereof and Closing:

13.1 
Seller covenants and agrees that, except as otherwise provided in the Agreement, 
between the date of this Agreement and the Closing Date, Seller (either itself or through an agent) 
shall continue to manage and operate the Premises in substantially the same manner as Seller has 
heretofore managed and operated the Premises and in compliance in all material respects with all 
applicable laws, ordinances, rules and regulations of any governmental authority governing the 
Real Property, perform in all material respects all of Seller’s obligations under the Unit Leases, 
and to keep (or request the Condominium to keep, to the extent the Condominium is so required) 
the Units in substantially and materially its same condition and state of repair, subject to reasonable 
wear and tear and the terms, conditions and requirements of the Condominium Documents and the 
Unit Leases.

13.2 
Seller shall not enter into any new service contract unless the same shall be 
terminable by Seller prior to Closing.

13.3 
Seller shall maintain in full force and effect until the Closing the insurance policies 
presently in effect or other commercially reasonable policies of insurance affording similar levels 
of coverage and shall, subject to the provisions of Article 11, continue to pay all utility and service 
charges accrued through the date of Closing.

13.4 
Seller shall notify or, in the case of written notice received by Seller, deliver a copy 
to, Purchaser of any default under the Condominium Documents or the Unit Leases or from any 
Tenants, or the receipt of any notice of default received by Seller under the Condominium 
Documents or the Unit Leases or from any Tenants.

13.5 
From and after the date of this Agreement, Seller shall not amend, modify, or 
terminate the Unit Leases or the Condominium Documents without the prior written consent of 
Purchaser, which consent may be granted or withheld in Purchaser’s sole and absolute discretion, 
nor enter into any new lease, license or other form of occupancy agreement affecting the Premises 
without the prior written consent of Purchaser, which consent may be withheld in Purchaser’s sole 
and absolute discretion.

27 
ACTIVE 61730742v13

=== page 50 ===
Case 25-11853-KBO    Doc 396-2    Filed 03/31/26    Page 50 of 551

13.6 
Seller shall promptly advise Purchaser of any litigation, arbitration or other judicial 
or administrative proceeding with respect to the Premises which materially and adversely affects 
Purchaser’s interests under this Agreement.

13.7 
Seller shall deliver to (x) Lessors an estoppel certificate substantially in the form 
attached hereto as Exhibit G, and (y) the Board of Managers an estoppel certificate substantially 
in the form attached hereto as Exhibit H (each, an “Estoppel” and collectively, the “Estoppels”). 
Seller shall obtain Confirming Estoppels from each Lessor and the Board of Managers.  For 
purposes of this Agreement, the term “Confirming Estoppels” shall mean Estoppels that so confirm 
the applicable matters set forth therein, provided, however, (x) inclusion of qualifications as to 
knowledge shall not cause the Estoppel to be non-compliant; (y) if the applicable Unit Lease or 
the Condominium Documents specifies the form or content of an estoppel certificate, then the 
Estoppel may be in such form or contain only those matters as specified thereby, without giving 
effect to any requirement regarding “additional information reasonably requested” or words of 
similar import and (z) an Estoppel shall fail to be a Confirming Estoppel only if they fail to confirm 
the applicable matters in all material respects and the aggregate adverse economic impact as a 
result of such failures is equal to or exceeds the Floor (as defined in Section 8.2).

13.8 
At or prior to Closing, Seller shall terminate Newmark Knight Frank (the “Existing 
Manager”) the existing property management agreement for the Premises (the “Existing PMA”).

13.9 
Seller shall oversee the completion, prior to Closing, at Seller’s sole cost and 
expense, of the work (the “Cycle 8 Local Law 11 Work”) under the contracts set forth on Schedule 
G (such contracts, collectively, the “Cycle 8 Local Law 11 Contracts”).  Seller shall be obligated 
to pay all amounts due under the Cycle 8 Local Law 11 Contracts and file (or cause to be filed) a 
“Safe” report with the NYC Department of Buildings (the “DOB LL 11 Report”).  If, at the time 
of Closing, the Cycle 8 Local Law 11 Work has not been finally completed, the DOB LL 11 Report 
has not been filed with the NYC Department of Buildings, and/or the NYC Department of 
Buildings has not issued a Certificate of Compliance with respect to completion of the Cycle 8 
Local Law 11 Work, Seller shall assign the Cycle 8 Local Law 11 Contracts, if applicable, to 
Purchaser at Closing and Purchaser shall assume all obligations thereunder or otherwise oversee 
and cause completion of the Cycle 8 Local Law 11 Work, provided, however, that Seller shall 
escrow with Escrow Agent the aggregate sum necessary to address any remaining Cycle 8 Local 
Law 11 Work, not to exceed Thirty Thousand and NO/100 Dollars ($30,000.00), to which escrow 
Purchaser shall have access for purposes of requesting disbursements to pay for any remaining 
costs to complete the Cycle 8 Local Law 11 Work.  Seller makes no representation or warranty 
regarding the Cycle 8 Local Law 11 Work.   Seller shall not be obligated to perform or pay for any 
work relating to “Cycle 9” under Local Law 11 and Purchaser assumes all obligations under 
applicable law (including, without limitation, pursuant to NYC Façade Inspection Safety Program) 
to perform and pay for any work required to be performed in connection with “Cycle 9”.  The 
provisions of this Section 13.9 shall survive the Closing.

13.10 Seller shall promptly after receipt thereof deliver to Purchaser copies of all written 
notices from any governmental authority regarding (i) the violation or alleged violation of Relevant 
Environmental Laws regarding Hazardous Materials affecting the Premises or (ii) any actual or 
threatened condemnation of the Premises or any portion thereof.

28 
ACTIVE 61730742v13

=== page 51 ===
Case 25-11853-KBO    Doc 396-2    Filed 03/31/26    Page 51 of 551

13.11 Seller shall promptly notify Purchaser of the filing of any litigation, arbitration, or 
administrative hearing before any court or governmental agency naming Seller and/or affecting 
the Premises.

13.12 Other than with respect to the Cycle 8 Local Law 11 Work, Seller shall not make 
any structural modifications or additions to the Premises, without first obtaining the consent of 
Purchaser, which consent shall not be unreasonably withheld or delayed by Purchaser, other than 
with respect to life/safety repairs or in response to an emergency at the Premises.

13.13 At all times from the Effective Date to the Closing Date, Seller will not sell or 
otherwise transfer title to all or any portion of the Premises, or encumber the Premises with 
indebtedness secured by the Premises, in each case, without the prior written consent of Purchaser, 
which may be withheld in Purchaser’s sole and absolute discretion.  Notwithstanding the 
foregoing, Seller shall be permitted to remove the Excluded Personal Property, without the consent 
of Purchaser.

13.14 Subject to Article 12 hereof, Seller shall not settle or compromise or agree to any 
settlement or compromise of any insurance or condemnation claim or award without the prior 
written consent of Purchaser, which consent shall not be unreasonably withheld, conditioned or 
delayed.

13.15 Seller shall not, without the Purchaser’s prior written consent in each instance, (i) 
enter into, renew, or amend the Collective Bargaining Agreement or any collective bargaining 
agreement with the Union or any labor union or labor organization except for collective bargaining 
agreements, renewals thereof, or amendments thereto that in any case do not apply specifically 
and uniquely to the Premises (as distinguished, for example, from city-wide agreements, renewals 
or amendments), or (ii) except in the ordinary course of business, fill currently open positions 
(after notice to and approval from the Purchaser which approval will not be unreasonably denied), 
or increase or decrease the number of Hotel Employees.

Article 14. 
Brokerage.

14.1 
(a) Purchaser and Seller hereby represent and warrant that they have not hired, 
retained or dealt with any broker, finder, consultant, person, firm or corporation in connection with 
the negotiation, execution or delivery of this Agreement or the transactions contemplated 
hereunder.  Purchaser covenants and agrees that should any claim be made against Seller for any 
commission or other compensation by any broker, finder, person, firm or corporation, based upon 
or alleging negotiations, dealings or communications with Purchaser or Purchaser’s 
representative(s) in connection with this transaction or the Premises, Purchaser shall indemnify 
and hold Seller harmless from and against any and all damages, expenses (including attorneys’ 
fees and disbursements) and liability arising from such claim.

(b) 
Seller covenants that should any claim be made against Purchaser for any 
commission or other compensation by any broker, finder, person, firm or corporation, based upon 
or alleging negotiations, dealings or communications with Seller or Seller’s representative(s) in 
connection with this transaction or the Premises, Seller shall indemnify and hold Purchaser

29 
ACTIVE 61730742v13

=== page 52 ===
Case 25-11853-KBO    Doc 396-2    Filed 03/31/26    Page 52 of 551

harmless from any and all damages, expenses (including attorneys’ fees and disbursements) and 
liability arising from such claim.

(c) 
The provisions of this Article 14 shall survive the Closing or earlier 
termination of this Agreement.

Article 15. 
Remedies.

15.1 
If (i) Purchaser defaults in its obligation to pay the Balance on the Closing Date or 
in the performance of any of its other obligations to be performed on the Closing Date, and Seller 
is ready, willing and able to Close in accordance with the terms, provisions and conditions of this 
Agreement, or (ii) Purchaser defaults in any of its other obligations to perform under this 
Agreement prior to the Closing Date and, with respect to any default under this clause (ii) only, 
such default shall continue for ten (10) Business Days after written notice of default to Purchaser, 
Seller’s sole and exclusive remedy by reason thereof shall be to terminate this Agreement and, 
upon such termination, Seller shall be entitled to receive and retain the Deposit, and any interest 
thereon, as liquidated damages, it being agreed that Seller’s damages in case of Purchaser’s default 
might be difficult or impossible to ascertain, and that the Deposit, and the interest thereon (if any), 
constitutes a fair and reasonable amount of damages under the circumstances and is not a penalty.  
Upon such termination, neither party shall thereafter have any further right or obligation hereunder, 
except for the rights and obligations hereunder that expressly survive the termination of this 
Agreement.

15.2 
If Seller defaults in any of its material obligations under this Agreement and such 
default is not cured within twenty (20) Business Days of receiving written notice from Purchaser 
of such alleged default (except with respect to any material obligations that Seller is required to 
perform on the Closing Date in which case no notice and cure period shall be provided, provided 
that on such date, Purchaser has satisfied all conditions required to be satisfied by it under this 
Agreement, is not otherwise in default under this Agreement and is ready, willing and able to 
perform all of its obligations under this Agreement on the Closing Date and to deliver the Balance 
due Seller under this Agreement), Purchaser’s sole and exclusive remedies shall be: (i) to terminate 
this Agreement and to receive a refund of the Deposit (together with any interest thereon) as well 
as reimbursement from Seller to Purchaser for Purchaser’s documented, verifiable out-of-pocket 
costs and expenses and reasonable attorney’s fees and costs incurred in connection with this 
transaction and the due diligence conducted not to exceed Four Hundred Thousand and No/100 
Dollars ($400,000) (collectively, and subject to the foregoing limitation on amount, “Purchaser’s 
Reimbursement Costs”), with such reimbursement obligation expressly surviving the termination 
of this Agreement and which reimbursement shall occur within twenty (20) Business Days after 
demand by Purchaser therefor, and neither party shall thereafter have any further right or obligation 
hereunder, except for the rights and obligations hereunder that expressly survive the termination 
of this Agreement, or (ii) within forty-five (45) days after Seller’s failure to perform its obligation 
to convey the Premises on the Closing Date or failure to otherwise comply with Seller’s obligations 
it is required to perform on the Closing Date (provided that on such date, Purchaser has satisfied 
all conditions required to be satisfied by it under this Agreement, is not otherwise in default under 
this Agreement and is ready, willing and able to perform all of its obligations under this Agreement 
on the Closing Date and to deliver the Balance due Seller under this Agreement), bring an action 
in equity against Seller for specific performance; it being understood that if Purchaser fails to

30 
ACTIVE 61730742v13

=== page 53 ===
Case 25-11853-KBO    Doc 396-2    Filed 03/31/26    Page 53 of 551

commence an action for specific performance within such forty-five (45) day period, Purchaser’s 
sole remedy shall be to terminate this Agreement and receive a return of the Deposit and 
reimbursement of Purchaser’s Reimbursement Costs.  Notwithstanding anything to the contrary in 
this Agreement, in the event that specific performance is not available as a remedy as a result of 
Seller conveying the Premises to a party other than Purchaser, Purchaser shall have the right to 
seek monetary damages against Seller to the fullest extent permitted by law.

Article 16. 
Employees.

16.1 
For purposes of this Agreement, (i) “Hotel Employees” means, collectively, all 
individuals employed at the Premises by Existing Manager as of the Closing Date, irrespective of 
whether such individuals are active, on leaves of absence, on layoff or otherwise inactive but still 
employed at the Premises, and (ii) “Bargaining Unit Employees” shall mean those Hotel 
Employees employed at the Premises by Existing Manager as of the Closing Date, irrespective of 
whether such individuals are active, on leaves of absence, on layoff or otherwise inactive but still 
employed at the Premises, who are represented by the Union and whose employment is subject to 
the Collective Bargaining Agreement (as hereinafter defined).

16.2 
Seller shall cause Existing Manager to deliver to Purchaser at least five (5) Business 
days prior to Closing (i) a list of all Hotel Employees including position, union status, date of hire, 
applicable rate of pay (or salary), together with (x) a schedule of those employees that are on any 
sick leave or leave of absence and those that are on layoff or inactive, and (y) a schedule of accrued 
and unused vacation, holidays, personal days and sick leave for such employees, and (ii) a list of 
all layoffs or involuntary terminations (other than terminations for cause or other performance-
related reasons) and other losses of employment (other than due to resignations, retirement and 
other voluntary departures) experienced at the Premises during the ninety (90) day period 
preceding the Closing.  Seller shall be responsible for accrued compensation and benefits, 
including without limitation, contributions to any multi-employer benefit plan pursuant to the 
Collective Bargaining Agreement, vacation pay, holidays, personal days, sick leave or other paid 
time off and wages and/or salaries (but not including any severance pay pursuant to the Collective 
Bargaining Agreement or enhanced severance pay under the Alternative Agreement, if applicable) 
of each Hotel Employee accruing prior to the Closing Date, as required under applicable law or 
the Collective Bargaining Agreement.  Seller shall cause Existing Manager to make reasonable 
efforts to provide Purchaser or its manager or operator, information necessary to comply with the 
successorship obligations under the Collective Bargaining Agreement, including but not limited 
to I-9 forms (unless otherwise provided by applicable law) and information necessary to provide 
for uninterrupted employment without loss of seniority, compensation, benefits or fringe benefits 
and no adverse effect on other terms and conditions of employment.

16.3 
From and after the Closing, Purchaser (i) shall be solely responsible for complying 
or causing compliance with the Collective Bargaining Agreement and the Alternative Agreement, 
if applicable, all applicable provisions of federal, state and municipal laws and regulations relating 
to those Hotel Employees remaining in employment at the Hotel upon Closing (“the Rehired 
Employees”), and any other individuals hired as employees at the Hotel after Closing, including 
Purchaser’s covenants set forth in this Section 16.3, including without limitation compliance with 
any applicable provisions of the Federal WARN Act, the New York WARN Act or the New York 
City Hotel Service Workers, Section 4980B of the Internal Revenue Code (COBRA), the Hotel

31 
ACTIVE 61730742v13

=== page 54 ===
Case 25-11853-KBO    Doc 396-2    Filed 03/31/26    Page 54 of 551

Service Disruption Notification Act (“HSW Act”), and any rules or regulations as have been issued 
in connection with any of the foregoing and any benefit continuation and/or severance payments 
pursuant to the Collective Bargaining Agreement and relating to Rehired Employees that may be 
payable upon any termination of employment of any such Rehired Employees accruing and arising 
after the Closing, and (ii) hereby agrees to indemnify, defend, protect and hold Seller and its 
affiliates harmless from and against any and all claims, liabilities, debts, costs, expenses, damages, 
attorneys’ fees and disbursements arising out of any violation of the Collective Bargaining 
Agreement, and all applicable Labor and Employment Laws, accruing and arising on or after 
Closing, including but not limited to any violation of the Federal WARN Act, the New York 
WARN Act, COBRA or the HSW Act and any rules or regulations as have been issued in 
connection with any of the foregoing in connection with the transaction contemplated by this 
Agreement, relating to the Hotel Employees or any individuals hired as employees at the Hotel on 
or after the Closing.  In addition, Purchaser shall be solely responsible for, and shall indemnify 
and hold Seller harmless from, any claims or payments required to be made to or on behalf of any 
Bargaining Unit Employees or any former bargaining unit employees of the Hotel, as a result of 
either this transaction or the Alternative Agreement, including but not limited to any severance 
pay pursuant to the Collective Bargaining Agreement, Enhanced Severance pursuant to the 
Alternative Agreement, if applicable, contributions to the Union Employee Benefit Funds under 
both the Collective Bargaining Agreement and the Alternative Agreement, if applicable.  Seller 
agrees to indemnify, defend, protect and hold Purchaser and its respective affiliates harmless from 
and against any and all claims, liabilities, debts, costs, expenses, damages, attorneys’ fees and 
disbursements arising out of any violation of the Collective Bargaining Agreement, and all 
applicable Labor and Employment Laws, relating to the Hotel Employees, including, but not 
limited to, Federal WARN Act, the New York WARN Act, COBRA or the HSW Act and any 
rules or regulations as have been issued in connection with any of the foregoing accruing or arising 
prior to the Closing and any benefit continuation and/or severance payments pursuant to the 
Collective Bargaining Agreement relating to Hotel Employees that may be payable upon any 
termination of employment of any such Hotel Employee accruing or arising prior to the Closing. 
Notwithstanding anything to the contrary herein, any additional severance due under NYC Local 
Law Int 2397-2021 (Severance Pay for Hotel Service Employees) (“the NYC Severance”) will be 
the responsibility of Seller.  At Closing, Seller and Purchaser shall establish an escrow with Title 
Company pursuant to an escrow agreement in substantially the form attached hereto as Exhibit M 
(the “Labor Severance Escrow Agreement”), whereby Seller shall deposit with Title Company a 
gross sum equal to the balance of the 30 weeks due under the NYC Severance at $500.00 per week 
for each employee eligible for the NYC Severance (the “Labor Severance Escrow Account”); said 
amount shall, in accordance with the Labor Severance Escrow Agreement, be paid by Purchaser 
or its manager or operator from the Labor Severance Escrow Account to each eligible employee, 
subject to the terms of the Labor Severance Escrow Agreement.  In the event Purchaser enters into 
the Alternative Agreement (as hereinafter defined) which requires Purchaser to pay enhanced 
severance and contributions to the Union Employee Benefit Funds in excess of the amounts 
accrued up to Closing, Purchaser shall indemnify and hold Seller harmless for said amounts.

16.4 
During the period prior to Closing, the parties agree to reasonably cooperate and 
also to consult on a regular basis and coordinate their activities relating to employee matters so as 
to facilitate a smooth transition of Premises operations and the continued proper performance by 
the Hotel Employees of their respective duties up to Closing.  Seller shall promptly deliver to 
Purchaser copies of any written materials delivered or received relating to Union representation of

32 
ACTIVE 61730742v13

=== page 55 ===
Case 25-11853-KBO    Doc 396-2    Filed 03/31/26    Page 55 of 551

Bargaining Unit Employees including but not limited to any grievances filed against the Hotel and 
Seller shall keep Purchaser substantially informed with respect to the status of any discussions 
with the Union with respect to the Hotel.

16.5 
Without limiting any other provision of this Article 16, (i) Seller has informed 
Purchaser that Seller is a party to and is bound by the terms of that certain Industry Wide 
Agreement between Hotel Association of New York, Inc. and New York Hotel and Motel Trades 
Council, AFL-CIO (“Union”) which is in effect from July 1, 2012 through June 30, 2026 (“IWA”), 
including any related written memorandum of understanding and other related agreements, as 
provided by their terms (collectively, the “Collective Bargaining Agreement”), (ii) a copy of the 
Collective Bargaining Agreement has previously been delivered or made available to Purchaser 
for its review, and (iii) Purchaser or Purchaser’s property manager, operator or agent shall offer to 
retain all Bargaining Unit Employees and, if they accept such offers, their employment will 
continue uninterrupted without loss of seniority, compensation, benefits or fringe benefits and with 
no adverse effect on other terms and conditions of employment subject to the Collective 
Bargaining Agreement and applicable law, and (iv) Purchaser will, and shall cause its property 
manager, operator or agent to, recognize the Union and assume, adopt and be bound by all of the 
terms, both economic and non-economic, of  the Collective Bargaining Agreement from and after 
the Closing Date.  Purchaser further agrees to execute, and shall cause its property manager, 
operator or agent to execute, at least ten (10) days prior to Closing an assumption agreement 
acceptable to the Union, which shall be substantially in the form of the IWA Assumption 
Agreement attached hereto as Exhibit I-1 and made a part hereof to effectuate an assumption of 
the Collective Bargaining Agreement in its name (without modification or amendment) as of the 
Closing.  Notwithstanding the foregoing obligation to assume the Collective Bargaining 
Agreement and execute Exhibit I-1, Purchaser will be relieved of said obligation if Purchaser and 
the Union execute, and deliver to Seller, at least ten (10) days prior to Closing, the agreement 
attached hereto as Exhibit I-2 (“Alternative Agreement”).  The parties acknowledge the enactment 
of the Displaced Hotel Service Workers and Hotel Service Disruption Notifications Act, section 
22-510 of the Administrative Code of New York (the “DHSWNA”) and the Displaced Building 
Service Workers Protection Act, §22-505 of the Administrative Code of the City of New York 
(“BSWPA”).  By this Agreement, including, without limitation, Purchaser’s assumption of the 
Collective Bargaining Agreement, or providing a fully executed copy of the Alternative 
Agreement, the parties agree that the DHSWNA and the BSWPA do not apply to the transaction 
contemplated by this Agreement under §22-510(d)(1) and §22-505(f)(1) of the New York City 
Administrative Code.

16.6 
Under the Collective Bargaining Agreement, Seller’s Existing Manager currently 
contributes, on a monthly basis, various amounts under the (i) New York Hotel Trades Council 
and Hotel Association of New York City, Inc., Health Benefits Fund, (ii) New York Hotel Trades 
Council and Hotel Association of New York City, Inc., Pension Fund, (iii) New York Hotel Trades 
Council and Hotel Association of New York City, Inc. Prepaid Legal Services Fund, and (iv) New 
York Hotel Trades Council and Hotel Association of New York City, Inc., Industry Training and 
Scholarship Fund (collectively, the “Union Employee Benefit Funds”). At Closing, regular 
contributions paid or payable with respect to the Union Employee Benefit Funds shall be prorated, 
with the appropriate party receiving a credit or debit to the Purchase Price, on a pro rata basis based 
on the Closing Date.  In addition, at Closing Purchaser agrees to assume Seller’s responsibility to

33 
ACTIVE 61730742v13

=== page 56 ===
Case 25-11853-KBO    Doc 396-2    Filed 03/31/26    Page 56 of 551

pay any and all vacation and sick pay for the Bargaining Unit Employees, when payable, for which 
amounts Purchaser shall receive a credit at Closing.

16.7 
Retirement Plan.

(a) 
The parties intend to comply with section 4204(a)(1) of the Employee 
Retirement Income Security Act of 1974, as amended (“ERISA”), and to take any other action 
required or desirable, so that no withdrawal liability is imposed upon Seller as a result of the 
consummation of this transaction.

(b) 
To that end, at Closing Purchaser shall (or shall cause its property manager, 
operator or agent to) assume an obligation to make contributions to the New York Hotel Trades 
Council and Hotel Association of New York City, Inc. Pension Fund (hereafter, the “Retirement 
Plan”) in accordance with the Collective Bargaining Agreement, for substantially the same number 
of contribution base units, within the meaning of Section 4001(a)(11) of ERISA, for which Seller 
or Existing Manager had an obligation to contribute with respect to the Premises prior to the 
Closing.

(c) 
Purchaser agrees to reasonably cooperate with Seller and/or Retirement 
Plan representatives with respect to any inquiry or reasonable request for information and 
assistance in order to facilitate the transfer of the contribution obligation with respect to the 
Retirement Plan from Seller (or the Existing Manager of the Premises) to Purchaser (or the 
Existing Manager of the Premises).  The parties agree that they will notify the Retirement Plan of 
their intention that this transaction comply with Section 4204 of ERISA.

(d) 
Subject to Section 16.7(g), during the period commencing on the first day 
of the plan year following the Closing Date and ending on the expiration of the fifth (5th) such 
plan year (the “Contribution Period”), Purchaser shall provide to the Retirement Plan either a bond, 
letter of credit, or an escrow in an amount and manner meeting the requirements of Section 4204 
of ERISA.  The cost of any bond, letter of credit, or escrow provided under this Section 16.8 (d) 
shall be paid by Purchaser.

(e) 
To the extent required by Section 4204(a)(3) of ERISA, Seller or Existing 
Manager shall provide to the Retirement Plan a bond or escrow equal to the present value of the 
withdrawal liability Seller would have had to the Retirement Plan with respect to the assets 
acquired by Purchaser pursuant to this Agreement (but for the provisions of Section 4204 of 
ERISA), reduced to the extent provided under Section 4204(a)(3) of ERISA in the event only a 
portion of Seller’ assets are distributed during the Contribution Period.

(f) 
If Purchaser at any time withdraws from the Retirement Plan in a complete 
or partial withdrawal with respect to the assets acquired by Purchaser pursuant to this Agreement 
during the Contribution Period, Seller shall be secondarily liable for any withdrawal liability Seller 
would have had to the Retirement Plan with respect to the Premises (but for the provisions of 
Section 4204 of ERISA) if any withdrawal liability of Purchaser with respect to such Retirement 
Plan is not paid.  Purchaser agrees to provide Seller with a copy of any notice and demand for

34 
ACTIVE 61730742v13

=== page 57 ===
Case 25-11853-KBO    Doc 396-2    Filed 03/31/26    Page 57 of 551

payment of withdrawal liability that Purchaser receives from the Retirement Plan with respect to 
the Premises.

(g) 
Notwithstanding anything contained in Section 16.7(d) to the contrary, 
Purchaser shall not be obligated to provide any bond, letter of credit, or escrow in the event and to 
the extent Purchaser obtains from the Retirement Plan or the Pension Benefit Guaranty 
Corporation a variance or exemption under Section 4204(c) of ERISA and the applicable 
regulations thereunder.

(h) 
In the event that, notwithstanding the terms of this Section 16.7, the 
Retirement Plan assesses withdrawal liability based on this transaction or any event subsequent to 
the Closing against Seller, Existing Manager and/or any Seller Related Parties, including the 
assertion of secondary liability pursuant to section (f) above, Purchaser shall indemnify Seller, 
Existing Manager and any other Seller Related Parties from and against such withdrawal liability.

16.8 
Purchaser agrees to indemnify, defend and hold harmless Seller, Existing Manager 
and any other Seller Related Parties from and against any claim, liability, judgment or arbitration 
award asserted against any of the Seller Related Parties on account of or with respect to any of the 
following: (i) any causes of action, damages, complaints, judgments, orders and/or claims, 
whatsoever, and all costs and expenses (including, without limitation, reasonable attorneys’ fees 
and costs) incurred in connection therewith, which accrue and arise (or, in the case of omissions, 
failed to occur) on or after the Closing and may be asserted against any of the Seller Related Parties 
on account of any violation of the Collective Bargaining Agreement and/or Labor and Employment 
Laws occurring (or, in the case of omissions, failed to occur) on or after the Closing by Purchaser, 
or any designee or management company engaged by Purchaser to employ Premises personnel, 
except to the extent such are based solely on the acts of any Seller Related Parties, and (ii) any 
claims or liabilities arising (A) under ERISA, as amended and/or any other applicable federal or 
state law or regulation concerning employee benefit plans with respect to the employment of 
employees by Purchaser or such designee or management company on or after the Closing, or (B) 
from or under any employee benefit plan applicable to any Rehired Employee or any other 
employee hired by Purchaser or such designee or management company to perform services at or 
for the Premises, to the extent that any such claim or liability accrued or arose during any period 
of employment on or after the Closing.

16.9 
Seller agrees to indemnify, defend and hold harmless Purchaser and its affiliates, 
or any designee or management company engaged by Purchaser to employ Premises personnel, 
and their respective officers, directors, members, managers, partners, agents, employees, 
successors and assigns (herein, the “Purchaser Related Parties”) from and against any claim, 
liability, judgment or arbitration award asserted against any of the Purchaser Related Parties on 
account of or with respect to any of the following: (i) any causes of action, damages, complaints, 
judgments, orders and/or claims, whatsoever, and all costs and expenses (including, without 
limitation, reasonable attorneys’ fees and costs) incurred in connection therewith, which may be 
asserted against any of the Purchaser Related Parties on account of any violation of the Collective 
Bargaining Agreement and/or Labor and Employment Laws occurring (or, in the case of 
omissions, failed to occur)  prior to the Closing by Seller or Existing Manager, except to the extent 
such are based solely on the acts of any Purchaser Related Parties, or for which a closing 
adjustment credit has been issued hereunder, and (ii)  any claims or liabilities arising (A) under

35 
ACTIVE 61730742v13

=== page 58 ===
Case 25-11853-KBO    Doc 396-2    Filed 03/31/26    Page 58 of 551

ERISA, as amended, and/or any other applicable federal or state law or regulation concerning 
employee benefit plans with respect to the employment of employees by Seller or Existing 
Manager up to the Closing, or (B) from or under any employee benefit plan applicable to any 
Rehired Employee or any other employee hired by Purchaser or such designee or management 
company to perform services at or for the Premises, to the extent that any such claim or liability 
accrued or arose during any period of employment prior to the Closing.

16.10 For purposes of this Agreement, the term “Labor and Employment Laws” shall 
mean all federal, state or local labor and employment statutes, rules, and regulations, including, 
without limitation, National Labor Relations Act, 29 U.S.C. §§151, et seq., the Families First 
Coronavirus Response Act, the Fair Labor Standards Act, 29 U.S.C. §§201, et seq., the New York 
State Labor Law §§650, et seq. and applicable regulations, 12 NYCRR 142-2.2, et seq., the Code, 
ERISA, Multi-Employer Pension Plan Amendments Act of 1980, Section 1981 through 1988 of 
Title 42 of the United States Code, Title VII of the Civil Rights Act of 1964, the Civil Rights Acts 
of 1866, 1871, and 1991, 42 U.S.C. §§2000(e), et seq., the Equal Pay Act, the Americans With 
Disabilities Act of 1990, 42 U.S.C. §§12101, et seq., the Family and Medical Leave Act of 1993, 
29 U.S.C. §§2601, et seq., Genetic Information Nondiscrimination Act of 2008, the Rehabilitation 
Act, the Immigration Reform Control Act,  Uniformed Services Employment and Reemployment 
Rights Act, New York State Executive Law §§290, et seq., the New York City Human Rights 
Code, Administrative Code of the City of New York, §8-101, et seq., the Rehabilitation Act of 
1973, 29 U.S.C. §§701, et seq., the Consolidated Omnibus Budget Reconciliation Act of 1985, 29 
U.S.C. §§1161, et seq., the Occupational Safety and Health Act, 29 U.S.C. §§651, et seq., the Age 
Discrimination in Employment Act of 1967, 29 U.S.C. §§621, et seq., the Older Workers’ Benefit 
Protection Act, the Fair Credit Reporting Act, the Sarbanes-Oxley Act, the New York State Human 
Rights Law, the New York Executive Law, the New York Civil Rights Law, the New York Equal 
Pay Law, the New York Legal Activities Law, the New York State Wage and Hour and Wage 
Payment Laws, the New York Minimum Wage Law, the New York Whistleblower Law,  the New 
York Worker Health and Safety Act, the Retaliation/Discrimination Provisions of the New York 
Workers’ Compensation Law and the New York State Disabilities Benefits Law,  the New York 
State Paid Family Leave Benefits Law,  the federal and New York State Worker Adjustment and 
Retraining Notification Acts (collectively, the “WARN Acts”), the Coronavirus Aid, Relief, and 
Economic Security Act, the American Rescue Plan of 2021, the DBSWPA, N.Y. Real Property 
Tax Law § 421-a, New York State Sick Leave Law, New York City Earned Safe and Sick Time 
Act, the New York Quarantine Leave Law, New York City Fair Chance Act, the New York City 
Administrative Code and Charter or any other federal, state or local human rights, civil rights, 
wage-and-hour, wage-payment, pension, labor or employment-related laws, or their respective 
implementing laws, rules and/or regulation(s) with respect to the Premises and all other statutes, 
laws, regulations, ordinance or rules regulating the terms and conditions of employment (as 
amended from time to time, and together with any similar laws now or hereafter enacted), under 
the common law or in equity (including any claims for wrongful discharge or otherwise), each as 
amended, or under any policy, agreement, understanding or promise, written or oral, formal or 
informal.

16.11 Seller and Purchaser (on their own behalf and/or through their respective property 
managers) agree to cooperate reasonably with each other to the extent legally permissible in the 
defense of any claims, grievances, lawsuits or other charges brought by or on behalf of any Hotel 
Employees or former Hotel Employees.  Such cooperation shall include providing: (i) workers’

36 
ACTIVE 61730742v13

=== page 59 ===
Case 25-11853-KBO    Doc 396-2    Filed 03/31/26    Page 59 of 551

compensation claims processing; (ii) access to and copying of personnel records and other 
documents that either party has in its possession which related to any such claims, lawsuits or 
charges to the extent legally permissible regardless of whether such materials are proprietary 
material (provided that, upon the request of the other party, such accessing party shall execute a 
customary form of non-disclosure agreement with respect to such access); and (iii) availability of 
employees of the aforementioned entities for such matters as interviews, depositions and to testify.  
No party shall have the duty to cooperate with the others if the dispute is between the parties 
themselves.

16.12 Purchaser’s and Seller’s obligations under this Article 16 shall survive Closing

Article 17. 
Notices.

17.1 
Any notice or other communication given by either party hereto to the other relating 
to this Agreement (a “notice”) shall be in writing and sent to the party to which the notice is being 
made by nationally recognized overnight courier or delivered by hand with receipt acknowledged 
(provided that in either case a copy of such notice is also delivered on the same day (or earlier) by 
electronic mail) in writing as follows:

If to Seller, to:

EC 58th Street LLC 
c/o Cain International US Services LP 
350 Park Avenue, 14th Floor 
New York, New York 10022 
Attention:  Cain Legal 
Email: legal@cainint.com

with a copy to Seller’s attorney:

Greenberg Traurig, LLP 
One Vanderbilt Avenue 
New York, New York 10017 
Attention:  Farah S. Ahmed, Esq. 
Email: ahmedf@gtlaw.com 
 
If to Purchaser, to:

CSC Hudson, LLC 
c/o CSC Co-Living 
6 St. Johns Lane 
New York, New York 10013 
Attention: Sal Smeke and Alberto Smeke 
Email: ss@csc-coliving.com 
           as@csc-coliving.com

37 
ACTIVE 61730742v13

=== page 60 ===
Case 25-11853-KBO    Doc 396-2    Filed 03/31/26    Page 60 of 551

with a copy to Purchaser’s attorney:

Cole Schotz P.C. 
1325 Avenue of the Americas, 19th Floor 
New York, New York 10019 
Attn: Jordan J. Metzger, Esq. 
E-mail: jmetzger@coleschotz.com

If to Escrow Agent:

First American Title Insurance Company 
666 Third Avenue, 5th Floor  
New York, New York 10017 
Attention:  Patricia A. LaPorta, Esq.  
Email: plaporta@firstam.com

17.2 
Notices or other communications (including agreements) signed by the attorneys 
for the respective parties shall be deemed binding upon the parties.  Either party may by notice to 
the other change the person or address for receipt of notices.  Notices sent by hand delivery or 
recognized overnight courier service shall be effective when received or rejected by the recipient 
or the recipient’s office or firm.

Article 18. 
Intentionally omitted.

Article 19. 
Assignment.

19.1 
Neither this Agreement nor any of the rights of Purchaser hereunder may be 
assigned or transferred by Purchaser without Seller’s prior written consent, which consent may be 
granted or withheld in Seller’s sole and absolute discretion, and any purported assignment or 
encumbrance without Seller’s prior written consent shall be null and void, and shall constitute a 
default hereunder, which default is not capable of being cured.  Notwithstanding the foregoing, 
Purchaser shall have the right to assign its rights under this Agreement to one or more Permitted 
Designees of Purchaser without the consent of Seller so long as Purchaser delivers to Seller a fully 
executed and effective assignment and assumption agreement conveying to such designee(s) all of 
Purchaser’s right, title and interest in, to and under this Agreement and the Deposit at least fifteen 
(15) days prior to Closing.  No such assignment to a Permitted Designee shall relieve Purchaser of 
its obligations under this Agreement.  For the avoidance of doubt: (a) Purchaser shall have the 
right, without Seller’s prior written consent, to designate separate Permitted Designees to take fee 
simple title and leasehold title, as applicable, to each Unit at Closing; and (b) Seller acknowledges 
and agrees that at Closing, Purchaser intends to take leasehold title to the Leased Units in the 
names of two (2) separate and distinct Permitted Designees and, further, that Purchaser intends to 
take fee title to the Owned Units in one (1) or two (2) additional Permitted Designees, separate 
and distinct from the Permitted Designees taking leasehold title to the Leased Units.  A “Permitted

38 
ACTIVE 61730742v13

=== page 61 ===
Case 25-11853-KBO    Doc 396-2    Filed 03/31/26    Page 61 of 551

Designee” shall mean: (i) any other entity that is directly or indirectly (through one or more 
intermediaries) controlled by Sal Smeke and/or Alberto Smeke, or (ii) any other entity in which 
Sal Smeke and/or Alberto Smeke has a direct or indirect equity interest in the controlling entity 
(e.g. the managing member of an entity) of such entity. For purposes of this definition, “control” 
shall mean the possession, directly or indirectly, of the power to direct or cause the direction of 
the management and policies or the power to veto major policy decisions whether through the 
ownership of voting securities, by contract or otherwise.

Article 20. 
Escrow.

20.1 
Escrow Agent shall hold the Deposit, together with all interest earned thereon, in 
its interest-bearing escrow account, in accordance with the following:

(a) 
Escrow Agent shall hold the Deposit, together with all interest earned 
thereon, in Escrow Agent’s escrow account at a national bank selected by Escrow Agent in its 
reasonable discretion.  All interest will accrue to and be reported to applicable taxing authorities, 
including the Internal Revenue Service, for the account of Seller.  Such party shall supply the 
Escrow Agent with a completed Form W-9, concurrently with the execution of this Agreement.  
Escrow Agent shall have no liability for any fluctuations in the interest rate paid on the Deposit, 
and is not a guarantor thereof.  Failure of the parties to provide the W-9 will result in the Deposit 
being placed in a non-interest bearing account.

(b) 
At Closing, the Deposit, together with any interest accrued thereon, shall be 
credited to the Purchase Price and shall be paid by Escrow Agent to Seller.  At Closing, interest 
on the Deposit shall be paid to Seller as payment towards the Balance of the Purchase Price.  If 
Escrow Agent receives a written notice signed by both Seller and Purchaser that this Agreement 
has been terminated or canceled, Escrow Agent shall deliver the Deposit, together with the interest 
thereon, as directed therein.

(c) 
If Escrow Agent receives a written request signed by Purchaser or Seller 
(the “Noticing Party”) stating that this Agreement has been canceled or terminated and that the 
Noticing Party is entitled to the Deposit, or that the other party hereto (the “Non-Noticing Party”) 
has defaulted in the performance of its obligations hereunder, Escrow Agent shall overnight by 
nationally recognized courier and e-mail a copy of such request to the Non-Noticing Party.  The 
Non-Noticing Party shall have the right to object to such request for the Deposit by written notice 
of objection delivered to and received by Escrow Agent within ten (10) Business Days after the 
Non-Noticing Party’s receipt of such copy, but not thereafter.  If Escrow Agent shall not have so 
received a timely written notice of objection from the Non-Noticing Party, Escrow Agent shall 
deliver the Deposit, together with the interest earned thereon, to the Noticing Party.  If Escrow 
Agent shall have received a written notice of objection within the time herein prescribed, Escrow 
Agent shall refuse to comply with any requests or demands from either party and shall continue to 
hold the Deposit, together with any interest earned thereon, until Escrow Agent receives either 
(a) a written notice signed by both Seller and Purchaser stating who is entitled to the Deposit (and 
interest) or (b) a final order of a court of competent jurisdiction directing disbursement of the 
Deposit (and interest) in a specific manner, in either of which events Escrow Agent shall then 
disburse the Deposit, together with the interest earned thereon, in accordance with such notice or 
order.  Escrow Agent shall not be or become liable in any way or to any person for its refusal to

39 
ACTIVE 61730742v13

=== page 62 ===
Case 25-11853-KBO    Doc 396-2    Filed 03/31/26    Page 62 of 551

comply with any such requests or demands until and unless it has received a direction of the nature 
described in subdivision (a) or (b) above.

20.2 
Any notice to Escrow Agent shall be sufficient only if received by Escrow Agent 
within the applicable time period set forth herein.  All mailings and notices from Escrow Agent to 
Seller and/or Purchaser, or from Seller and/or Purchaser to Escrow Agent, provided for in this 
Article 20 shall be addressed to the party to receive such notice at its notice address set forth in 
Article 17 above (with copies to be similarly sent to the additional persons therein indicated), but 
the provisions of Article 17 relating to the manner of giving notices and the effective dates thereof 
shall have no application to the provisions of this Article 20.

20.3 
Notwithstanding the foregoing, if Escrow Agent shall have received a written 
notice of objection as provided for in Section 20.1(c) above within the time therein prescribed, or 
shall have received at any time before actual disbursement of the Deposit a written notice signed 
by either Seller or Purchaser disputing entitlement to the Deposit or shall otherwise believe in good 
faith at any time that a disagreement or dispute has arisen between the parties hereto over 
entitlement to the Deposit (whether or not litigation has been instituted), Escrow Agent shall have 
the right, upon written notice to both Seller and Purchaser, (a) to deposit the Deposit, together with 
the interest earned thereon with the Clerk of the Court in which any litigation is pending and/or 
(b) to take such reasonable affirmative steps as it may, at its option, elect in order to terminate its 
duties as Escrow Agent, including, without limitation, the depositing of the Deposit, together with 
the interest earned thereon, with a court of competent jurisdiction and the commencement of an 
action for interpleader, the costs thereof to be borne by whichever of Seller or Purchaser is the 
losing party, and thereupon Escrow Agent shall be released of and from all liability hereunder, 
except for any previous gross negligence or willful misconduct.

20.4 
Escrow Agent is acting hereunder without charge as an accommodation to 
Purchaser and Seller, it being understood and agreed that Escrow Agent shall not be liable for any 
error in judgment or any act done or omitted by it in good faith or pursuant to court order, or for 
any mistake of fact or law.  Escrow Agent shall not incur any liability in acting upon any document 
or instrument believed thereby to be genuine.  Escrow Agent is hereby released and exculpated 
from all liability hereunder, except only for willful misconduct or gross negligence.  Escrow Agent 
may assume that any person purporting to give it any notice on behalf of any party has been 
authorized to do so.  Escrow Agent shall not be liable for, and Purchaser and Seller hereby jointly 
and severally agree to indemnify Escrow Agent against, any loss, liability or expense, including 
reasonable attorney’s fees, arising out of any dispute under this Agreement, including the cost and 
expense of defending itself against any claim arising hereunder.

20.5 
Seller and Purchaser agree that Escrow Agent shall not be liable for any loss or 
impairment of the Deposit while the Deposit is in the course of collection or of the escrow if such 
loss or impairment results from the failure, insolvency or suspension of the financial institution in 
which the Deposit is deposited.

20.6 
Escrow Agent shall be entitled to select any and all counsel who may be retained 
to defend or prosecute any action on behalf of Escrow Agent under or arising out of this 
Agreement.

40 
ACTIVE 61730742v13

=== page 63 ===
Case 25-11853-KBO    Doc 396-2    Filed 03/31/26    Page 63 of 551

20.7 
If either Purchaser or Seller becomes subject to a voluntary or involuntary 
proceeding under the United States Bankruptcy Code, or if Escrow Agent is otherwise served with 
legal process which directs Escrow Agent to not disburse the funds deposited with Escrow Agent, 
Escrow Agent shall have the right to place a hold on funds deposited with Escrow Agent until such 
time as Escrow Agent receives an appropriate court order or other assurances satisfactory to 
Escrow Agent (in Escrow Agent’s reasonable discretion) establishing that the funds may continue 
to be held or disbursed, as the case may be, according to the instructions contained in this 
Agreement.

Article 21. 
Intentionally omitted.

Article 22. 
Miscellaneous.

22.1 
Seller and Purchaser each reserve the right to include this transaction as part of 
one (1) or more Code Section 1031 tax deferred exchange transactions, at no out-of-pocket cost, 
expense or liability to the other party hereto (other than de minimis legal fees to review the 
documentation required to effectuate such transactions), including, without limitation, one (1) or 
more reverse exchange transactions.  Seller and Purchaser agree to cooperate with the other party 
hereto, and to execute any and all documents as are reasonably necessary in connection therewith, 
provided that the closing of the transaction for the conveyance of the Premises shall not be 
contingent upon, and shall not be subject to, the completion of such exchange, nor shall such affect 
the Closing Date hereunder.  Purchaser and/or Seller, as applicable, shall be obligated to close title 
to the Premises on or before the Closing Date whether or not Purchaser and/or Seller, as applicable, 
shall have consummated a 1031 exchange transaction.  Nothing set forth herein shall require 
Purchaser to take title to any property other than the Premises described herein.

22.2 
All understandings and agreements heretofore had between Seller and Purchaser 
are merged in this Agreement, which alone completely expresses their agreement, and this 
Agreement is entered into after full investigation, neither party relying upon any statement or 
representation made by the other and not embodied in this Agreement.

22.3 
Purchaser’s acceptance of the Deeds and the Assignment and Assumption of Leases 
to the Units shall be deemed an acknowledgment by Purchaser that Seller has fully complied with 
all of its obligations hereunder and under any supplements, side letters, modifications, or 
amendments to this Agreement; that Seller is discharged therefrom (or Purchaser has waived 
compliance therewith); and that Seller shall have no further obligation or liability with respect to 
any of the agreements, representations and/or warranties made by Seller in this Agreement, which 
shall be merged with the Deeds and the Assignment and Assumption of Leases to the Units; except 
for those provisions of this Agreement and of any supplements, side letters, modifications, or 
amendments to this Agreement, which, in any case, expressly provide that certain obligations of 
Seller shall survive the Closing and except as otherwise set forth in the Closing Documents.

22.4 
This Agreement shall be binding upon and shall inure to the benefit of the parties 
hereto and their respective heirs, successors and permitted assigns.

41 
ACTIVE 61730742v13

=== page 64 ===
Case 25-11853-KBO    Doc 396-2    Filed 03/31/26    Page 64 of 551

22.5 
This Agreement does not constitute an offer to sell and shall not bind Seller unless 
and until Seller elects to be bound hereby by duly executing and delivering to Purchaser an 
executed original counterpart hereof.

22.6 
This Agreement may only be amended, modified, altered, supplemented or, except 
as otherwise expressly provided herein, terminated, by a written instrument signed by Seller and 
Purchaser.

22.7 
If any provision of this Agreement or the application thereof to any party or 
circumstances shall, to any extent, be invalid or unenforceable, the remainder of this Agreement, 
or the application of such provision to parties or circumstances other than those as to which it is 
invalid or unenforceable, shall not be affected thereby, and each provision shall be valid and be 
enforced to the fullest extent permitted by law.

22.8 
This Agreement, and the rights, obligations and relations of the parties hereunder, 
shall be governed by and construed and enforced in accordance with the laws of the State of New 
York without giving effect to the conflict-of-law rules and principles of that state.

22.9 
Purchaser shall not be permitted to record this Agreement and all recordation 
offices are specifically instructed not to record the same.  Any recordation or attempted recordation 
shall constitute an immediate default hereunder and shall entitle Seller to terminate this Agreement 
and retain the Deposit.  Supplementing the other liabilities and indemnities of Purchaser to Seller 
under this Agreement, and notwithstanding any other provision of this Agreement (including any 
provision purporting to create a sole and exclusive remedy for the benefit of Seller), Purchaser 
agrees to indemnify, defend and hold Seller harmless from and against any and all actual losses, 
costs, actual damages, liens, claims, counterclaims, liabilities or expenses (including, but not 
limited to, reasonable attorneys’ fees, court costs and disbursements) incurred by Seller arising 
from or by reason of the recording of this Agreement, any memorandum hereof, or any notice of 
pendency or any other instrument against the Premises in any case, by Purchaser.  Notwithstanding 
the foregoing, Purchaser may file a lis pendens or other instrument against all or a portion of the 
Premises in connection with Purchaser’s filing of an action for specific performance in accordance 
with Section 15.2.

22.10 Purchaser and Seller acknowledge and agree that the sale of the Premises 
contemplated hereunder shall be made in accordance with the terms and conditions of the 
Condominium Documents.

22.11 Whenever the time for performance of a covenant or condition required to be 
performed pursuant to the terms of this Agreement falls upon a Saturday, Sunday or Federal or 
State of New York holiday, such time for performance shall be extended to the next Business Day.  
Otherwise, all references herein to “days” shall mean calendar days.  Unless otherwise specified, 
in computing any period of time described herein, the day of the act or event after which the 
designated period of time begins to run is not to be included and the last day of the period so 
computed is to be included.

22.12 A facsimile, “pdf” and/or electronic copy of a signed original counterpart of this 
Agreement shall be deemed sufficient to bind the parties, and shall be deemed an original for all

42 
ACTIVE 61730742v13

=== page 65 ===
Case 25-11853-KBO    Doc 396-2    Filed 03/31/26    Page 65 of 551

purposes.  This Agreement may be executed in any number of counterparts, each of which shall 
be deemed an original, and all of which, when combined, shall constitute one (1) fully executed 
original document.

22.13 THE PARTIES HERETO WAIVE TRIAL BY JURY IN CONNECTION WITH 
ANY AND ALL MATTERS ARISING OUT OF THIS AGREEMENT OR THE 
TRANSACTIONS CONTEMPLATED HEREUNDER.

22.14 IN 
ANY 
JUDICIAL 
PROCEEDING 
INVOLVING, 
DIRECTLY 
OR 
INDIRECTLY, ANY MATTER ARISING OUT OF OR RELATED TO THIS AGREEMENT 
OR THE RELATIONSHIP ESTABLISHED HEREUNDER, THE PARTIES HEREBY 
IRREVOCABLY SUBMIT TO THE NON-EXCLUSIVE JURISDICTION OF ANY STATE OR 
FEDERAL COURT LOCATED IN NEW YORK COUNTY AND AGREE NOT TO RAISE 
ANY OBJECTION TO SUCH JURISDICTION OR TO THE LAYING OR MAINTAINING OF 
THE VENUE OF ANY SUCH PROCEEDING IN SUCH COURT.

22.15 The captions in this Agreement are inserted for convenience of reference only and 
in no way define, describe or limit the scope or intent of this Agreement or any of the provisions 
hereof.

22.16 Purchaser agrees that, except as otherwise set forth in this Agreement or provided 
by law, or unless compelled by an order of a court of competent jurisdiction, it shall keep the 
contents of this Agreement, Seller’s Due Diligence Materials, and any information related to the 
transactions contemplated hereunder, confidential, unless and until the Closing Date shall occur. 
Seller and Purchaser further agree to refrain from participating in any publicity statement, press 
release or other public notice regarding this transaction prior to the Closing Date, without the prior 
written consent of the other party hereto, unless required under applicable law or by a court order. 
Following the Closing Date, neither party shall disclose the name or identity of the other party or 
the material terms of the transaction contemplated hereby in any publicity statement, press release 
or other public notice, without the prior written consent of the other party hereto, unless required 
under applicable law or by a court order. Notwithstanding the foregoing, the parties hereto shall 
be permitted to disclose the terms and conditions of this Agreement to their and their affiliates’ 
respective attorneys, employees, agents, representatives, accountants, lenders and prospective 
lenders, partners and prospective partners, joint venture partners, consultants, financial analysts, 
bankers, auditors and other similar persons who reasonably require such information, all of whom 
shall be advised, in writing, of the confidential nature of this Agreement, as well as in connection 
with the enforcement of this Agreement.  The provisions of this Section 22.16 shall survive Closing 
or termination of this Agreement.

22.17 If a suit, action, arbitration, mediation or other action is instituted to interpret or 
enforce this Agreement, or otherwise concerning this Agreement or the transactions contemplated 
hereby, the prevailing party (regardless of whether such party prevails on substantive or procedural 
grounds) pursuant to a final and non-appealable order or judgment shall be entitled to recover from 
the other party all actual and reasonable costs and expenses of any such action, including, but not 
limited to, attorneys’ fees and expenses, including all such costs and expenses incurred in any trial, 
on any appeal, in any bankruptcy proceeding (including the adjudication of issues peculiar to 
bankruptcy law) and in any petition for review.  Each party also shall have the right to recover its

43 
ACTIVE 61730742v13

=== page 66 ===
Case 25-11853-KBO    Doc 396-2    Filed 03/31/26    Page 66 of 551

costs and attorneys’ fees incurred in collecting any sum or debt owed to it by the other party, with 
or without litigation, if such sum or debt is not paid within fifteen (15) days after written demand 
following the issuance of the final and non-appealable order or judgment in favor of the prevailing 
party.  The provisions of this Section 22.17 shall survive Closing or termination of this Agreement.

22.18 Seller and Purchaser will do, execute, acknowledge and deliver all and every such 
further acts, deeds, conveyances, assignments, notices, transfers and assurances as may be 
reasonably required by the other party for carrying out the intentions or facilitating the 
consummation of this Agreement.  The provisions of this Section 22.18 shall survive the Closing.

22.19 Notwithstanding anything to the contrary herein, Purchaser on its own behalf and 
on behalf of Purchaser Related Parties, hereby agrees that in no event or circumstance shall any of 
the Seller Related Parties have any personal liability under this Agreement.  Seller on its own 
behalf and on behalf of the Seller Related Parties hereby agrees that in no event shall any of the 
Purchaser Related Parties have any personal liability under this Agreement.  The provisions of this 
Section 22.19 shall survive the termination of this Agreement and the Closing.

[NO FURTHER TEXT ON THIS PAGE.  SIGNATURE PAGE FOLLOWS.]

44 
ACTIVE 61730742v13

=== page 67 ===
Case 25-11853-KBO    Doc 396-2    Filed 03/31/26    Page 67 of 551

Sal Smeke
Authorized Signatory

IN WITNESS WHEREOF, Seller and Purchaser have each duly executed this 
Agreement as of the date first above written. 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
PURCHASER: 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
CSC HUDSON, LLC,  
 
 
 
 
 
 
a Delaware limited liability company  
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
By: 
_________________________ 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Name: 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Title:

[Signatures Continue on Following Page]

[Signature Page to Purchase and Sale Agreement]

=== page 68 ===
Case 25-11853-KBO    Doc 396-2    Filed 03/31/26    Page 68 of 551

SELLER:

EC 58TH STREET LLC,  
a Delaware limited liability company

By: 
_________________________ 
Name: 
Title:

Anthony D. Minella
President

[Signatures Continue on Following Page]

[Signature Page to Purchase and Sale Agreement]

=== page 69 ===
Case 25-11853-KBO    Doc 396-2    Filed 03/31/26    Page 69 of 551

EXECUTION VERSION

The undersigned has executed this Agreement 
solely to confirm its acceptance of the duties of 
Escrow Agent as set forth in Article 20 hereof:

ESCROW AGENT:

First American Title Insurance Company

By: 
 
 
Name: 
Title:

[Signature Page to Purchase and Sale Agreement]

=== page 70 ===
Case 25-11853-KBO    Doc 396-2    Filed 03/31/26    Page 70 of 551

EXHIBIT A

LEGAL DESCRIPTION OF THE UNITS

THE CONDOMINIUM UNITS (hereinafter referred to as the "Units") in the building (hereinafter 
referred to as the "Building") known as 353 West 57th Street Condominium and by the street 
number 353-361 West 57th Street a/k/a 358-366 West 58th Street, County of New York, State 
of New York, said Units being designated and described as Units Nos. 1, 2 ,4 and 6 in a Declaration 
dated 4/11/1985 made by Irving Schatz, pursuant to Article 9-B of the Real Property Law of the 
State of New York (hereinafter referred to as the "Condominium Act") establishing a Plan for 
condominium ownership of the Building and the Land (hereinafter referred to as the "Land") upon 
which the Building is situate (which Land is more particularly described in Exhibit A annexed 
hereto and by this reference made a part hereof), which Declaration was recorded in the Office of 
the City Register of the City of New York, County of New York, on 4/24/1985 in Reel 902 Page 
1 as amended by First Amendment to Declaration dated 1/29/1993 and recorded 5/11/1993 in 
Reel 1969 Page 2286, as amended by Amended and Restated Declaration made by Henry 
Hudson Holdings LLC, Irving Schatz, Adrienne Wechsler and Cheryl Hirsch dated as of 2/12/1999 
and recorded 7/16/1999 in Reel 2913 Page 1753 and Amendment to Amended and Restated 
Declaration dated as of 9/30/1999 and recorded 10/27/1999 in Reel 2979 Page 2159 (which 
Declaration and Amendments thereto are hereinafter collectively referred to as the "Declaration"). 
These Units are also designated as Tax Lots 1701, 1702, 1704 and 1706 in Block 1048 of the 
County of New York on the Tax Map of the Real Property Assessment Department and on the 
Floor Plans of the Building, certified by Butler Rogers Baskett Architects, and filed with the Real 
Property Assessment Department as Condominium Plan No. 208 and also filed in the Office of 
the City Register of the City of New York, County of New York, on 4/24/1985 as Condominium 
Map No. 4326 and recorded 4/24/1985 as Reel 8500 Page 4326, as amended by Amended 
Condominium Plan No. 208-A filed 5/11/1993 as Amended Condominium Map No. 5192 and 
recorded 5/11/1993 as Reel 9300 Page 5192.

TOGETHER with an undivided 44.05105 % interest (as to Unit 1, Lot 1701), 46.94011 % interest 
(as to Unit 2, Lot 1702), 0.34577 % interest (as to Unit 4, Lot 1704) and 3.89067 % interest (as to 
Unit 6, Lot 1706) in the Common Elements (as such term is defined in the Declaration).

The Land on which the Building and Units are located is situated in the County of New York and 
State of New York and is more fully described in the Declaration.

As to Unit 1704, the premises hereby insured is the leasehold interest originally demised by that 
certain Lease dated as of 1/1/1999 made by and between Adrienne Schatz (a/k/a Adrianne 
Wachsler) and Cheryl Hirsch, as landlord and Henry Hudson Holdings LLC, as tenant, a 
Memorandum of which was dated as of 9/30/1999 and recorded 10/27/1999 in Reel 2979 Page 
2172 (as subsequently amended and assigned).

As to Unit 1706, the premises hereby insured is the leasehold interest originally demised by that 
Lease dated as of 2/11/1999 made by and between Irving Schatz, as landlord and Ian Schrager 
Hotels LLC, as tenant, (as subsequently amended and assigned).

ACTIVE 62699126v2

=== page 71 ===
Case 25-11853-KBO    Doc 396-2    Filed 03/31/26    Page 71 of 551

EXHIBIT A

ALL THAT CERTAIN plot, piece or parcel of land, situate, lying and being in the Borough of 
Manhattan, County of New York, City and State of New York, bounded and described as follows:

BEGINNING at a point on the northerly side of West 57th Street, distant 20 feet easterly from the 
corner formed by the intersection of the easterly side of Ninth Avenue with the northerly side of 
West 57th Street;

RUNNING THENCE easterly along the said northerly side of West 57th Street, 155 feet;

THENCE northerly parallel with Ninth Avenue, 200 feet 10 inches to the southerly side of West 
58th Street;

THENCE westerly along the said southerly side of West 58th Street, 135 feet to a point distant 40 
feet easterly from the corner formed by the intersection of the southerly side of West 58th Street 
with the easterly side of Ninth Avenue;

THENCE southerly parallel with Ninth Avenue and part of the distance through a party wall, 100 
feet 10 inches;

THENCE westerly parallel, more or less, with West 58th Street, 20 feet;

THENCE southerly and part of the way through a party wall, 100 feet to the northerly side of West 
57th Street, the point or place of BEGINNING.

For Information Only:   Said premises are known as 353 West 57th Street Condominium, 353-361 
West 57th Street a/k/a 358-366 West 58th Street, Units 1, 2, 4 and 6, New York, NY and designated 
as Block 1048 Lots 1701, 1702, 1704 and 1706  as shown on the Tax Map of the City of New York, 
County of New York

ACTIVE 62699126v2

=== page 72 ===
Case 25-11853-KBO    Doc 396-2    Filed 03/31/26    Page 72 of 551

EXHIBIT B

FORM OF CONDOMINIUM UNIT DEED

Attached

=== page 73 ===
Case 25-11853-KBO    Doc 396-2    Filed 03/31/26    Page 73 of 551

FORM OF CONDOMINIUM UNIT DEED

EC 58TH STREET LLC, GRANTOR

TO

[______________], GRANTEE

CONDOMINIUM UNIT[S] DEED1

353-361 West 57th Street a/k/a 356 West 58th Street 
Unit[s] 1 [and 2]  
New York, New York 10019

County: 
New York 
Block: 
1048

Lots: 
1701 [and 1702]

Record and Return To:

Cole Schotz P.C. 
1325 Avenue of the Americas 
19th Floor 
New York, NY 10019 
Attn: Jordan Metzger

1 Purchaser reserves the right to bifurcate this Deed into separate deeds for each Unit, 
potentially with different Purchaser entities taking title to each Unit.

61458/0006-42437678v1 
ACTIVE 62692978v3

=== page 74 ===
Case 25-11853-KBO    Doc 396-2    Filed 03/31/26    Page 74 of 551

CONDOMINIUM UNIT[S] DEED

THIS INDENTURE, made as of the ___ day of _______________, 2022, by EC 58th 
Street LLC, a Delaware limited liability company, having an address at c/o Cain International US 
Services LP, 350 Park Avenue, 14th Floor, New York, New York 10022, (hereinafter referred to 
as the "Grantor") to [__________________], a Delaware limited liability company having an 
address at c/o CSC Co-Living, 6 St. Johns Lane, New York, New York 10013 (hereinafter referred 
to as the "Grantee").

W I T N E S S E T H:

That the Grantor, in consideration of Ten ($10.00) Dollars and other valuable 
consideration, paid by the Grantee, does hereby grant and release unto the Grantee, and the heirs 
or successors and assigns of the Grantee, forever:

The Condominium Unit[s] (the “Unit[s]”) in the premises known as 353 West 57th Street 
Condominium in the Building (the “Building”) located and known as and by street address 353-
361 West 57th Street a/k/a 356 West 58th Street, New York, New York, (the “Property”), 
designated and described as Unit No. 1 [and Unit No. 2] in that certain declaration of condominium 
(the “Declaration”) establishing a plan for condominium ownership of the Building and the land 
upon which it is situate (the “Land”) under Article 9-B of the Real Property Law of the State of 
New York, dated April 11, 1985 and recorded on April 24, 1985 in Reel 902 Page 1, which 
Declaration was amended by the First Amendment to Declaration made by Irving Schatz dated 
January 29, 1993 and recorded May 11, 1993 in Reel 1969 Page  2286 and was further amended 
by the Amended and Restated Declaration, dated as of February 12, 1999 and recorded July 16, 
1999 in Reel 2913 Page 1753 and further amended by Amendment to Amended and Restated 
Declaration dated as of September 30, 1999 and recorded October 27, 1999 in Reel 2979 Page 
2159 (which Declaration as amended is hereinafter referred to as the “Declaration”). The Unit[s] 
[is/are] also designated as Tax Lot[s] 1701 [and 1702] in Block 1048 Section 4 of the Borough of 
Manhattan on the Tax Map of the Real Property Assessment Department of The City of New York 
and on the Floor Plans of the  Building, certified by Butler Rogers Baskett Architects on March 
27, 1985  and also filed with the Real Property Assessment Department of the City of New York 
on April 22, 1985 as Condominium Plan No. 208, and also filed in the New York County Register’s 
Office on April 24, 1985 as Condominium Map No. 4326, as amended by amended Floor Plans 
Certified by Butler Rogers Baskett Architects on December 14, 1992, which amended Floor Plans 
were filed in the Real Property Assessment Department of the City of New York on May 5, 1993 
as Condominium Plan No. 208A and also filed in the New York County Register’s Office on May 
11, 1993 as Condominium Map No. 5192.

The Unit[s] together with their undivided percentage interests in common elements and the 
premises within which the Unit[s] [is/are] located [is/are] more particularly described in Exhibit 
A attached hereto and made a part hereof.  All capitalized terms herein which are not separately 
defined herein shall have the meanings given to those terms in the Declaration or in the by-laws 
of 353 West 57th Street Condominium (said by-laws, as the same may be amended from time to 
time, are hereinafter referred to as the “By-Laws”).

61458/0006-42437678v1 
ACTIVE 62692978v3

=== page 75 ===
Case 25-11853-KBO    Doc 396-2    Filed 03/31/26    Page 75 of 551

Being the same premises conveyed to Grantor from Henry Hudson Holdings, LLC by Deed 
in Lieu of Foreclosure dated 11/24/2020 and recorded 12/4/2020 as CRFN 2020000344628.

Together with the appurtenances and all the estate and rights of the Grantor in and to the 
Unit[s]; and

Together with, and subject to, the rights, obligations, easements, restrictions and other 
provisions set forth in the Declaration and the By-Laws, all of which shall constitute covenants 
running with the Land shall bind any person having at any time any interest or estate in the Unit[s], 
as though recited and stipulated at length herein.

Subject to such other liens, agreements, covenants, easements, restrictions and other matters 
of record as pertain to the Unit[s] and/or the Property.

TO HAVE AND TO HOLD the premises herein granted unto Grantee, the heirs or 
successors and assigns of the Grantee, forever.

If any provisions of the Declaration or the By-Laws is invalid under, or would cause the 
Declaration or the By-Laws to be insufficient to submit the Property to the provisions of the New 
York Condominium Act, or if any provisionꞏ that is necessary to cause the Declaration and the By-
Laws to be sufficient to submit the Property to the provisions of the New York Condominium Act is 
missing from the Declaration or the By-Laws, or if the Declaration and the By-Laws are insufficient 
to submit the Property to the provisions of the New York Condominium Act, the applicable 
provisions of Article 26 of the Declaration shall control.

Except as otherwise provided in the Declaration or the By-Laws, the  Unit[s] are intended for 
any lawful use.

The Grantor, in compliance with Section 13 of the Lien Law of the State of New York, 
covenants that the Grantor will receive the consideration for this conveyance and will hold the right to 
receive such consideration as a trust fund for the purposes of paying the cost of the improvement and 
will apply the same first to the payment of the cost of the improvement before using any part of the 
same for any  other purpose.

The Grantee accepts and ratifies the provisions of the Declaration and the By-Laws (and 
any Rules and Regulations adopted under the By-Laws) and agrees to comply with all the terms 
and provisions thereof.

The term "Grantee" shall be read as "Grantees" whenever the sense of this indenture so 
require.

[SIGNATURES PAGE FOLLOWS]

3 
61458/0006-42437678v1 
ACTIVE 62692978v3

=== page 76 ===
Case 25-11853-KBO    Doc 396-2    Filed 03/31/26    Page 76 of 551

IN WITNESS WHEREOF, the Grantor has duly executed this deed on the date first above 
written.

EC 58TH STREET LLC, 
a Delaware limited liability company 
 
 
 
By:  __________________________ 
        Name:   
        Title: 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
STATE OF NEW YORK 
) 
: 
ss.: 
COUNTY OF NEW YORK )

On the ___ day of __________________ 2022 before me, the undersigned, a Notary Public 
in and for said State, personally appeared, ____________________, personally known to me or 
proved to me on the basis of satisfactory evidence to be the individual whose name is subscribed 
to the within instrument and acknowledged to me that he executed the same in his capacity, and 
that by his signature on the instrument, the individual, or the person upon behalf of which the 
individual acted, executed the instrument.

_______________________ 
Notary Public (SEAL)

4 
61458/0006-42437678v1 
ACTIVE 62692978v3

=== page 77 ===
Case 25-11853-KBO    Doc 396-2    Filed 03/31/26    Page 77 of 551

EXHIBIT A

Premises

PARCEL I (Unit 1 a/k/a EBC Unit, Lot 1701):

The Condominium Unit (hereinafter referred to as the "Unit") known as Unit 1, also known as EBC 
Unit, in the building (hereinafter referred to as the "Building") known as 353 West 57th Street 
Condominium and by the street number 353 West 57th Street, New York, New York, said Unit being 
designated and described in a certain Declaration dated 4/11/1985 made by Irving Schatz pursuant to 
Article 9-B of the Real Property Law of the State of New York establishing a plan for condominium 
ownership of the Building and the land (hereinafter referred to as the "Land") upon which the building 
is situated (which land is mor'< particularly described below), and which Declaration was recorded in 
the Office of the City Register New York County on 4/24/1985 in Reel 902 Page 1 and amended by 
First Amendment to Declaration dated 1/29/1993 and recorded 5/11/1993 in Reel 1969 Page 2286, 
further amended by Amended and Restated Declaration made by Henry Hudson Holdings LLC, Irving 
Schatz, Adrienne Wechsler and Cheryl Hirsch dated as of 2/12/1999 and recorded 7/16/1999 in Reel 
2913 Page 1753 and Amendment to Amended and Restated Declaration dated as of 9/30/1999, 
recorded 10/27/1999 in Reel 2979 Page 2159 (which declaration, as amended,  is hereinafter  referred 
to as the "Declaration"). Said Unit is also designated  as Tax  Lot 1701 in Block 1048 of Section 4 of 
the Borough of Manhattan on  the Tax Map of the Real Property Assessment  Department of the City 
Of New York and on the Floor Plans of the Building, Certified  by  Butler Rogers Baskett Architects, 
on 3/2711985 and filed in the Real Property Assessment Department of the City of New York on 
4/22/1985 as Condominium Plan No. 208 and also filed in the New York County Register's Office 
on 4/24/1985 as Condominium Map No. 4326, as amended by amended Floor Plans Certified by 
Butler Rogers Baskett Architects, on 12/14/1992, which amended Floor Plans were filed in the Real 
Property Assessment Department of the City of New York on 5/5/1993 as Condominium Plan 
No. 208A and also filed in the New York County Register's Office on 5/11/1993 as Condominium 
Map No. 5192.

Together with an undivided 44.05105% interest in the common elements (as such 
term is defined in The Declaration

[PARCEL II (Unit 2 a/k/a Modified Hotel Unit, Lot 1702):

The Condominium Unit (hereinafter referred to as the "Unit") known as Unit 2, also known as

Modified Hotel Unit, in the building (hereinafter referred to as the "Building") known as 353 
West 57th Street Condominium and by the street number 353 West 57th Street, New York, New York, 
said Unit being designated and described in a certain Declaration dated 4/11/1985 made by Irving 
Schatz pursuant to Article 9-B of the Real Property Law of the State of New York establishing a 
plan for condominium ownership of the Building and the land (hereinafter referred to as the 
"Land") upon which the building is situated (which land is more particularly described below), 
and which Declaration was recorded in the Office of the City Register, New York County on 
4/24/1985 in Reel 902 Page 1 and amended by First Amendment to Declaration dated 1/29/1993 and

5
61458/0006-42437678v1 
ACTIVE 62692978v3

=== page 78 ===
Case 25-11853-KBO    Doc 396-2    Filed 03/31/26    Page 78 of 551

recorded 5/11/1993 in Reel 1969 Page 2286, further amended by Amended and Restated 
Declaration made by Henry Hudson Holdings LLC, Irving Schatz, Adrienne Wechsler and 
Cheryl Hirsch dated as of 2/12/1999 and recorded 7/16/1999 in Reel 2913 Page 1753 and 
Amendment to Amended and Restated Declaration  dated as of 9/30/1999, recorded  10/27/1999 in 
Reel 2979 Page 2159 (which declaration, as amended, is hereinafter referred to as the 
"Declaration"). Said Unit is also designated as Tax Lot 1702 in Block 1048 of Section 4 of the Borough 
of Manhattan on the Tax Map of the Real Property Assessment Department of the City Of New York and 
on the Floor Plans of the Building, Certified by Butler Rogers Baskett Architects, on 3/27/1985 and filed 
in the Real Property Assessment Department of the City of New York on 4/22/1985 as Condominium 
Plan No. 208 and also filed in the 'New York County Register's Office on 4/24/1985 as Condominium 
Map No. 4326, as amended by amended Floor Plans Certified by Butler Rogers Baskett Architects, on 
12/14/1992, which amended Floor Plans were filed in the Real Property Assessment Department of the 
City of New York on 5/5/1993 as Condominium Plan No. 208A and also filed in the New York County 
Register's Office on 5/11/1993 as Condominium  Map No. 5192.

Together with an undivided 46.94011% interest in the common elements (as such term is defined in the 
Declaration. 
 
 
Which Condominium Unit[s] [is/are] located on the land described below: 
 
All that certain plot, piece or parcel of land, situate, lying and being in the Borough of Manhattan, 
City, County and State of New York, bounded and described as follows: 
 
BEGINNING at a point on the northerly side of 57th Street, distant 20 feet easterly from the comer 
formed by the intersection of the easterly side of Ninth Avenue with the northerly side of 57th Street; 
 
RUNNING THENCE easterly along the said northerly side of 57th Street, 155 feet; 
 
THENCE northerly parallel with Ninth Avenue, 200 feet 10 inches to the southerly side of 58th 
Street; 
 
THENCE westerly along the said southerly side of 58th Street, 135 feet to a point distant 40 feet 
easterly from the comer formed by the intersection of the southerly side of 58th Street with the 
easterly side of Ninth Avenue; 
 
THENCE southerly parallel with Ninth Avenue and part of the distance through a party wall, 100 
feet 10 inches; 
 
THENCE westerly parallel more or less with 58th Street, 20 feet; and 
 
THENCE southerly and part of the way through another party wall, 100 feet to the northerly side of 
57th Street, the point or place of BEGINNING. 
 
Premises known as 353 West 57th Street Condominium, 353-361 West 57th Street a/k/a 358-366 West 
58th Street, Unit[s] [1 and 2] New York, NY and designated as Block 1048 Lot[s] [1701 and 1702] as 
shown on the Tax Map of the City of New York, County of New York.

6 
61458/0006-42437678v1 
ACTIVE 62692978v3

=== page 79 ===
Case 25-11853-KBO    Doc 396-2    Filed 03/31/26    Page 79 of 551

EXHIBIT C

ASSIGNMENT AND ASSUMPTION OF LEASE

KNOW ALL MEN BY THESE PRESENTS that [_________] (“Assignor”), in 
consideration of Ten ($10.00) Dollars and other good and valuable consideration in hand paid by 
[____________________], a [____________________] (“Assignee”), the receipt and 
sufficiency of which is hereby acknowledged, hereby assigns unto the Assignee all of Assignor’s 
right, title and interest in and to the following:

That certain Lease agreement more fully described on Exhibit A attached hereto 
and made a part hereof (the “Unit Lease”) on the land described on Exhibit B attached hereto 
and made a part hereof, being the same leasehold premises conveyed to Assignor by Assignment 
and Assumption of Ground Lease in Lieu of Foreclosure made by Henry Hudson Holdings LLC 
to EC 58th Street LLC dated as of 11/24/2020 and recorded 12/4/2020 as [CRFN 
2020000344629] [CRFN 2020000344630].  This Assignment shall include, without limitation, 
an assignment of Assignor’s right, title and interest in and to the “Security” and/or the “Security 
Deposit” under the Unit Lease (only if and to the extent that the lessor under the Unit Lease 
(“Unit Lessor”) is holding any such “Security” and/or the “Security Deposit”), as well as all 
options, rights of first refusal, deposits, pre-paid rentals, privileges and other rights of Assignor 
thereunder.

TO HAVE AND TO HOLD the same unto Assignee, its successors and assigns, 
from and after the date hereof, subject to the terms, covenants, conditions and provisions 
contained in the Unit Lease.

1.
Assignee on behalf of itself and its legal representatives, successors and
assigns, hereby expressly assumes the performance of all of the terms, covenants and conditions 
of the Unit Lease herein assigned by Assignor to Assignee from and after the date hereof and 
hereby agrees to be bound by all of the terms, covenants, conditions and provisions contained in 
the Unit Lease from and after the date hereof.

2.
None of the covenants or agreements set forth in this Assignment are for
the benefit of, and none of the same shall be enforceable by, any person or entity other than the 
parties hereto and Unit Lessor, their respective successors and assigns, it being the intention of the 
parties hereto that no third party is intended to be a beneficiary of or with respect to such 
covenants and agreements, other than the parties hereto, their respective successors and assigns.

3.
Assignor, in compliance with Section 13 of the Lien Law, covenants that
Assignor will receive the consideration for this assignment and will hold the right to receive such 
consideration as a trust fund to be applied first for the purpose of paying the cost of the 
improvement and will apply the same first to the payment of the cost of the improvement before 
using any part of the total of the same for any purpose.

4.
This Assignment has been made, executed and delivered in and is to be
governed, interpreted and construed in accordance with the laws of the State of New York.

61458/0006-42420767v2 
ACTIVE 62692929v3

=== page 80 ===
Case 25-11853-KBO    Doc 396-2    Filed 03/31/26    Page 80 of 551

5. 
Except as may be expressly set forth in that certain Purchase and Sale 
Agreement dated ___________, 2022 between Assignor, as seller, and Assignee as buyer (the 
“Agreement”), this assignment is made without warranty or representation, express or implied, by 
or recourse against Assignor of any kind or nature whatever.

6. 
No shareholder, member, officer, director, manager or representative of 
Assignor or Assignee or any other person or entity other than Assignor and Assignee shall have 
any personal liability or obligation of any kind or nature whatsoever under this Assignment.

This Assignment may be signed in any number of counterparts each of which 
shall be deemed to be an original and all of which taken together shall constitute one and the 
same instrument.  This Assignment may be executed by facsimile, electronic communications in 
portable document format (.pdf) or duplicate originals, and the parties agree that their 
electronically transmitted signatures shall have the same effect as manually transmitted 
signatures.

[ NO FURTHER TEXT ON THIS PAGE ]

61458/0006-42420767v2 
ACTIVE 62692929v3

=== page 81 ===
Case 25-11853-KBO    Doc 396-2    Filed 03/31/26    Page 81 of 551

IN WITNESS WHEREOF, the parties hereto have set their hands of the ____ day of 
__________________________, 2022.

ASSIGNOR:

By:_________________________________

ASSIGNEE:

By:_________________________________

STATE OF NEW YORK 
) 
: 
ss.: 
COUNTY OF NEW YORK )

On the ___ day of __________________ 2022 before me, the undersigned, a Notary 
Public in and for said State, personally appeared, ____________________, personally known to 
me or proved to me on the basis of satisfactory evidence to be the individual whose name is 
subscribed to the within instrument and acknowledged to me that he executed the same in his 
capacity, and that by his signature on the instrument, the individual, or the person upon behalf of 
which the individual acted, executed the instrument.

_______________________ 
Notary Public (SEAL)

STATE OF NEW YORK 
) 
: 
ss.: 
COUNTY OF NEW YORK )

On the ___ day of __________________ 2022 before me, the undersigned, a Notary 
Public in and for said State, personally appeared, ____________________, personally known to 
me or proved to me on the basis of satisfactory evidence to be the individual whose name is 
subscribed to the within instrument and acknowledged to me that he executed the same in his 
capacity, and that by his signature on the instrument, the individual, or the person upon behalf of 
which the individual acted, executed the instrument.

_______________________ 
Notary Public (SEAL)

61458/0006-42420767v2 
ACTIVE 62692929v3

=== page 82 ===
Case 25-11853-KBO    Doc 396-2    Filed 03/31/26    Page 82 of 551

Exhibit A

4
61458/0006-42420767v2 
ACTIVE 62692929v3

=== page 83 ===
Case 25-11853-KBO    Doc 396-2    Filed 03/31/26    Page 83 of 551

Exhibit B

Premises known as 353 West 57th Street Condominium, 353-361 West 57th Street a/k/a 358-366 
West 58th Street, Unit [4] [6] New York, NY and designated as Block 1048 Lot [1704] [1706] as 
shown on the Tax Map of the City of New York, County of New York.

5
61458/0006-42420767v2 
ACTIVE 62692929v3

=== page 84 ===
Case 25-11853-KBO    Doc 396-2    Filed 03/31/26    Page 84 of 551

EXHIBIT D

FORM OF BILL OF SALE

BILL OF SALE

KNOW ALL MEN BY THESE PRESENTS,

That, subject to the terms and conditions hereinafter set forth, [______________], a 
Delaware limited liability company having an address c/o [______________] (collectively, 
“Seller”) for and in consideration of the sum of Ten Dollars ($10.00), lawful money of the United 
States, to it in hand paid at or before delivery of these presents by [_________________], a 
Delaware limited liability company having an address at _________________________________ 
(“Purchaser”), the receipt and sufficiency of which Seller hereby acknowledges, has bargained 
and sold, and by these presents does grant and convey unto Purchaser, its successors and assigns, 
all right, title and interest of Seller in and to all of the Personal Property, Fixtures, Warranties, and 
Permits (as such terms are defined in that certain Purchase and Sale Agreement, dated ________, 
2022, between Seller and Purchaser (the “Agreement”)).

Seller grants and conveys the Personal Property, Fixtures, Warranties, and Permits unto 
Purchaser without recourse and without representation or warranty of any kind, express or implied 
(except to the extent of and only for so long as any applicable representation and warranty, as is 
set forth in the Agreement shall survive the closing of title thereafter, and subject to the limitations 
contained therein).

TO HAVE AND TO HOLD the same unto Purchaser, its successors and assigns forever.

SELLER HAS MADE NO WARRANTY THAT THE PROPERTY COVERED BY THIS 
BILL OF SALE IS MERCHANTABLE OR FIT FOR ANY PARTICULAR PURPOSE AND 
THE SAME IS SOLD IN AN “AS IS” “WHERE IS” CONDITION.  BY ACCEPTANCE 
HEREOF, PURCHASER AFFIRMS THAT IT HAS NOT RELIED ON ANY WARRANTY OF 
SELLER WITH RESPECT TO THE PERSONAL PROPERTY AND THAT THERE ARE NO 
REPRESENTATIONS OR WARRANTEES, EXPRESSED, IMPLIED OR STATUTORY 
(EXCEPT TO THE EXTENT AND ONLY FOR SO LONG AS ANY APPLICABLE 
REPRESENTATION AND WARRANTY, IF ANY, IS AS SET FORTH IN THE AGREEMENT 
SHALL SURVIVE THE CLOSING OF TITLE THEREUNDER, AND SUBJECT TO THE 
LIMITATIONS CONTAINED THEREIN.

This Bill of Sale shall be governed by and construed in accordance with the laws of the 
State of New York.

This Bill of Sale shall be binding upon, enforceable by and shall inure to the benefit of the 
parties hereto and their respective successors and assigns.

[Signature page follows immediately]

61458/0006-42442731v1 
ACTIVE 62690256v2

=== page 85 ===
Case 25-11853-KBO    Doc 396-2    Filed 03/31/26    Page 85 of 551

[________]

By: _____________________

2 
61458/0006-42442731v1 
ACTIVE 62690256v2

=== page 86 ===
Case 25-11853-KBO    Doc 396-2    Filed 03/31/26    Page 86 of 551

EXHIBIT E

EC 58th Street LLC 
[____________________] 
[____________________] 
[____________________]

353 West 57th Street  
New York, New York 10019

Dear Tenant:

This letter is to notify you that effective ____________________, 2022, EC 58th Street 
LLC has sold its interest in [Unit #1, 4 and 6] in 353 West 57th Street, New York, New York to 
______________________.  In connection therewith EC 58th Street LLC has assigned the interest 
as landlord in all leases and tenancies and transferred all security deposits, if any, to 
_______________________.

Please forward all rent checks and inquiries direct to the new owner’s representative at the 
address listed below.

New Owner: 
 ___________________________________

Address:
 ___________________________________
 ___________________________________

Telephone
 ___________________________________

Attn:
 ___________________________________

Very truly yours,

EC 58th Street LLC

By: ________________________________

=== page 87 ===
Case 25-11853-KBO    Doc 396-2    Filed 03/31/26    Page 87 of 551

EXHIBIT F

FORM OF FIRPTA AFFIDAVIT

CERTIFICATION OF NON-FOREIGN STATUS

Section 1445 of the Internal Revenue Code of 1986, as amended, provides that a transferee 
of a U.S. real property interest must withhold tax if the transferor is a foreign person for U.S. tax 
purposes (including Section 1445), the owner of a disregarded entity (which has legal title to a 
U.S. real property interest under local law) will be the transferor of the property and not the 
disregarded entity.  To inform the transferee that withholding of tax is not required upon the 
disposition of a U.S. real property interest by _____________ a _____________ (“Seller”), the 
undersigned hereby certifies the following on behalf of Seller:

1.
Seller is not a foreign corporation, foreign partnership, foreign trust, or foreign
estate (as those terms are defined in the Internal Revenue Code and Income Tax
Regulations);

2.
Seller is not a disregarded entity as defined in Treasury Regulation Section 1.1445-
2(b)(2)(iii);

3.
Seller’s U.S. tax identification number is _______________; and

4.
Seller’s office address is _____________________

Seller understands that this certification may be disclosed to the Internal Revenue Service by the 
transferee and that any false statement contained herein could be punished by fine, imprisonment, 
or both.

Under penalties of perjury the undersigned declares that the undersigned has examined this 
certification and to the best of the undersigned’s knowledge and belief it is true, correct, and 
complete, and the undersigned further declares that the undersigned has authority to sign this 
document on behalf of Seller.

Dated:  __________ ___, 2022

__________________________________ a
 ___________________________________

By: ________________________________

=== page 88 ===
Case 25-11853-KBO    Doc 396-2    Filed 03/31/26    Page 88 of 551

EXHIBIT G

FORM OF UNIT LEASE ESTOPPEL

Attached

=== page 89 ===
Case 25-11853-KBO    Doc 396-2    Filed 03/31/26    Page 89 of 551

LEASE ESTOPPEL CERTIFICATE

Landlord: 
A & C West 57 LLC, a New York limited liability company, with an address at 
c/o Schatzco V, LLC, 250 West 57th Street, Suite 901, New York, NY 10107

Tenant: 
EC 58th Street LLC, a Delaware limited liability company, having an address at 
c/o Cain International US Services LP, 350 Park Avenue, 14th Floor, New York, 
New York 10022

Assignee: 
_____________________, a Delaware limited liability company, having an 
address of ___________________________________________________.

Premises:  
353 West 57th Street Condominium, 353-361 West 57th Street a/k/a 356 West 58th 
Street, New York, New York, Borough of Manhattan, City, County and State of 
New York, Unit No. 4

The undersigned Landlord, A & C West 57 LLC, a New York limited liability company, 
with an address at c/o Schatzco V, LLC, 250 West 57th Street, Suite 901, New York, NY 10107 
(the “Landlord”), successor to Adrienne Schatz and Cheryl Hirsh as fee owner of the 
condominium unit known as Unit No. 4 (the “Store Unit”) in the condominium  known as 353 
West 57th Street Condominium in the building known as and having the street address of 353-
361 West 57th Street a/k/a 356 West 58th Street, New York, New York, Borough of Manhattan, 
City, County and State of New York (the “Premises”) and described on Exhibit A attached 
hereto, is Lessor under that certain Lease dated as of January 1, 1999 made by Adrienne Schatz 
and Cheryl Hirsh as original Landlord and Henry Hudson Holdings LLC, as original Tenant, as 
referenced in a memorandum of lease dated as of September 30, 1999 and recorded on October 
27, 1999 in Reel 2979 Page 2172 (“Store Unit Lease”), as amended by an unrecorded 
Amendment to Lease dated as of September 30, 1999, and as further amended by an unrecorded 
Amendment to Lease dated as of August 13, 2004, and as assigned by Assignment and 
Assumption of Ground Lease in Lieu of Foreclosure made by and between Henry Hudson 
Holdings LLC, as assignor, and EC 58th Street LLC, as assignee, dated as of November 24, 
2020, recorded on December 4, 2020 in CRFN 2020000344629, hereby certifies as follows:

1.
The Store Unit Lease is now in full force and effect, and has not been further
amended, modified or supplemented. There do not exist any other agreements (including 
subordination, non-disturbance and attornment agreements) concerning the Store Unit, whether 
oral or written to which Landlord and Tenant (or the predecessors or successors of either) are 
parties.

2.
The lease term under the Store Unit Lease commenced on January 1,
1999 and expires on December 31, 2098, unless sooner terminated or extended in accordance 
with the terms of the Store Unit Lease.  There are no options to renew.

3.
The amount of Monthly Base Rent under the Store Unit Lease is currently
$__________ per month.

ACTIVE 62692814v1

61458/0006-42435628v2

=== page 90 ===
Case 25-11853-KBO    Doc 396-2    Filed 03/31/26    Page 90 of 551

4. 
The Monthly Base Rent and all other charges (if any) have been paid through 
_______________. 
 
 
5. 
There are no existing defaults (or events which, with the passage of time or the 
giving of notice, or both, would constitute a default) on the part of either Landlord or Tenant in 
the performance of any covenant, agreement, term, provision or condition contained in the Store 
Unit Lease other than _______________________.

6. 
 Landlord is holding a security deposit under the Store Unit Lease in the amount 
of $____________.  None of the security deposit has been applied by Landlord to payment of 
rent or any other amounts due under the Store Unit Lease, except as follows: 
_____________________.

7. 
There are currently no mortgages, deeds of trust or other security instruments 
encumbering the fee interest in the Store Unit.

8. 
As of the date hereof, no options, rights of first refusal, rights to terminate, renew 
or extend the Store Unit Lease other than as described in the Store Unit Lease exist.

9. 
Landlord agrees that this Estoppel Certificate may be relied upon by Tenant, any 
mortgagee of Tenant, Assignee, any mortgagee of Assignee, and all of their respective 
successors and assigns.

10.  
Landlord's address for notices under the Store Unit Lease is:

A & C West 57 LLC 
c/o Schatzco V, LLC  
250 West 57th Street  
Suite 901 
New York, New York 10107 
Attn: __________

With a copy to: 
[  
           
] 
 
 
 
         [  
    
 
] 
 
 
 
         [  
 
 
] 
 
 
Capitalized terms used herein and not otherwise defined shall have the meanings given to them 
in the Store Unit Lease.

[The remainder of this page is left blank intentionally.]

2 
61458/0006-42435628v2 
ACTIVE 62692814v1

=== page 91 ===
Case 25-11853-KBO    Doc 396-2    Filed 03/31/26    Page 91 of 551

LANDLORD: 
 
 
 
 
 
 
A & C WEST 57 LLC 
 
 
 
 
 
a New York limited liability company 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
By: 
_______________________________________ 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Name:__________________________________  
 
 
 
 
 
 
Title: __________________________________

3 
61458/0006-42435628v2 
ACTIVE 62692814v1

=== page 92 ===
Case 25-11853-KBO    Doc 396-2    Filed 03/31/26    Page 92 of 551

EXHIBIT A

Legal Description of Premises and the Store Unit

The Condominium Unit (the "Unit") known as the Store Unit, also known as Unit No. 4 in the premises 
known as 353 West 57th Street Condominium and by the street number 353-361 West 57th Street a/k/a 356 
West 58th Street, Borough of Manhattan, City, County and State of New York, said Unit being designated and 
described as the Store Unit and also known as Unit No. 4 in the Declaration establishing a plan for 
condominium ownership of said premises under Article 9-B of the Real Property Law of the State of New 
York (the "New York Condominium Act") dated April 11, 1985 and recorded April 24, 1985 in the Office of 
the Register of The City of New York, County of New York, in Reel 902, Page 1, as amended by the 
Amendment of Declaration, dated January 29, 1993 and recorded May 11, 1993 in the Office of the Register of 
the City of New York, in the County of New York, in Reel 1969 and Page 2286, as further amended by the 
Amended and Restated Declaration, dated February 12, 1999 and recorded July 16. 1999 in the Office of the 
Register of the City of New York, in the County of New York, in Reel 2913 and Page 1753, and Amendment to 
Amended and Restated Declaration, dated September 30, 1999 and recorded October 27, 1999 in the Office of 
the Register of the City of New York, in the County of New York in Reel 2979 and Page 2159 (which 
Declaration, as amended, is hereinafter referred to as the "Declaration"). Said Unit is also designated and 
described as Tax Lot No. 1704 in Block 1048, Section 4, Borough of Manhattan on the Tax Map of the Real 
Property Assessment Department of the City of New York and on the Floor Plans of said Building certified by 
Butler Rogers Baskett Architects, on March 27, 1985 and filed on April 22, 1985 as Condominium Plan No. 
208, and on April 24, 1985 as Map No. 4326, as amended on December 14, 1992 and filed on May 5, 1993 as 
Plan No. 208A (Amendment to Plan No. 208), and on May 11, 1993 as Map No. 5192 in the aforesaid 
Register's Office.

The land upon which the Building Containing the Unit is erected is described as follows:

ALL that certain plot, piece or parcel of land, with the buildings and improvements thereon erected, 
situate, lying and being in the Borough of Manhattan, City, County and State of New York, bounded 
and described as follows:

BEGINNING at a point on the northerly side of 57th Street distant 20 feet easterly from the corner 
formed by the  intersection of the easterly side of 9th Avenue with the northerly side of 57th Street;

RUNNING THENCE easterly along the said northerly side of 57th Street, 155 feet;

THENCE northerly parallel with 9th Avenue 200 feet 10 inches to the southerly side of 58th Street;

THENCE westerly along the said southerly side of 58th Street 135 feet to a point distant 40 feet 
easterly from the  corner formed by the intersection of the southerly side of 58th Street with the 
easterly side of 9th Avenue;

THENCE southerly parallel with 9th Avenue and part of the distance through a party wall 100 feet 10 
inches;

THENCE westerly parallel more or less with 58th Street 20 feet; and

THENCE southerly and part of the way through another party wall 100 feet to the northerly side of 57th 
Street, the  point or place of BEGINNING.

TOGETHER with an undivided 0.34577 interest in the Common Elements (as such term is defined in the 
Declaration).

4 
61458/0006-42435628v2 
ACTIVE 62692814v1

=== page 93 ===
Case 25-11853-KBO    Doc 396-2    Filed 03/31/26    Page 93 of 551

LEASE ESTOPPEL CERTIFICATE

Landlord: 
Hudson 10th Floor LLC, a Delaware limited liability company, with an address at 
c/o SchatzCo V, LLC, 1325 Avenue of the Americas, 28th Floor, New York, New 
York 10019

Tenant: 
EC 58th Street LLC, a Delaware limited liability company, having an address at 
c/o Cain International US Services LP, 350 Park Avenue, 14th Floor, New York, 
New York 10022

Assignee: 
____________________, a Delaware limited liability company, having an 
address of__________________________________________________.

Premises: 
353 West 57th Street Condominium, 353-361 West 57th Street a/k/a 356 West 58th 
Street, New York, New York, Borough of Manhattan, City, County and State of 
New York, Unit No. 6

The undersigned Landlord, Hudson 10th Floor LLC, a Delaware limited liability 
company, with an address at c/o SchatzCo V, LLC, 1325 Avenue of the Americas, 28th Floor, 
New York, New York 10019 (the “Landlord”), successor to Adrienne Schatz and Cheryl Hirsh, 
as Executrices of the last will and testament of Irving Schatz, as fee owner of the condominium 
unit known as Unit No. 6 (the “Tenth Floor Unit”) in the condominium  known as 353 West 57th 
Street Condominium, in the building known as and having the street address of 353-361 West 
57th Street a/k/a 356 West 58th Street, New York, New York, Borough of Manhattan, City, 
County and State of New York (the “Premises”) and described on Exhibit A attached hereto, is 
Lessor under that certain Amended and Restated Lease dated as of February 11, 1999 made by 
Irving Schatz, as original Lessor and Ian Schrager Hotels LLC, as original Lessee, as referenced 
in a memorandum of lease dated as of February 12, 1999 and recorded March 23, 1999 in Reel 
2841 Page 1872 (the “Tenth Floor Unit Lease”), as assigned by Assignment and Assumption of 
Lease made by and between Ian Schrager Hotels LLC, as assignor, to Henry Hudson Holdings 
LLC, as assignee, dated as of February 12, 1999 and recorded March 23, 1999 in Reel 2841 Page 
1882, and as amended by an unrecorded Amendment to Lease made by and between Irving 
Schatz and Henry Hudson Holdings LLC dated as of August 17, 2004, and as further assigned by 
Assignment and Assumption of Ground Lease in Lieu of Foreclosure made by and between 
Henry Hudson Holdings LLC, as assignor, and EC 58th Street LLC as assignee, dated as of 
November 24, 2020 and recorded December 4, 2020 in CRFN 2020000344630, hereby certifies 
as follows:

1.
The Tenth Floor Unit Lease is now in full force and effect, and has not been
further amended, modified or supplemented.  There do not exist any other agreements (including 
subordination, non-disturbance and attornment agreements) concerning the Tenth Floor Unit, 
whether oral or written to which Landlord and Tenant (or the predecessors or successors of 
either) are parties.

ACTIVE 62692815v1

61458/0006-42435625v2

=== page 94 ===
Case 25-11853-KBO    Doc 396-2    Filed 03/31/26    Page 94 of 551

2. 
The lease term under the Tenth Floor Unit Lease commenced on December 1,  
1997 and expires on November 30, 2096, unless sooner terminated or extended in accordance 
with the terms of the Tenth Floor Unit Lease.  There are no options to renew 
 
 
3. 
The amount of Monthly Base Rent under the Tenth Floor Unit Lease is currently 
$__________ per month. 
 
 
4. 
The Monthly Base Rent and all other charges (if any) have been paid through 
_______________. 
 
 
5. 
There are no existing defaults (or events which, with the passage of time or the 
giving of notice, or both, would constitute a default) on the part of either Landlord or Tenant in 
the performance of any covenant, agreement, term, provision or condition contained in the Tenth 
Floor Unit Lease other than _______________________________________.

6. 
Landlord is holding a security deposit under the Tenth Floor Unit Lease in the 
amount of $____________.  None of the security deposit has been applied by Landlord to 
payment of rent or any other amounts due under the Tenth Floor Unit Lease, except as follows: 
_____________________.

7. 
There are currently no mortgages, deeds of trust or other security instruments 
encumbering the fee interest in the Tenth Floor Unit.

8. 
As of the date hereof, no options, rights of first refusal, rights to terminate, renew 
or extend the Tenth Floor Unit Lease other than as described in the Tenth Floor Unit Lease exist.

9. 
Landlord agrees that this Estoppel Certificate may be relied upon by Tenant, any 
mortgagee of Tenant, Assignee, any mortgagee of Assignee, and all of their respective 
successors and assigns.

10. 
Landlord's address for notices under the Tenth Floor Unit Lease is:

Hudson 10th Floor LLC 
c/o SchatzCo V, LLC 
1325 Avenue of the Americas, 28th Floor 
New York, New York 10019 
 
With a copy to: 
[ 
 
          ] 
 
 
 
 
 
[ 
 
    
] 
 
 
 
 
 
[ 
 
 
]

Capitalized terms used herein and not otherwise defined shall have the meanings given to them 
in the Tenth Floor Unit Lease.

2 
61458/0006-42435625v2 
ACTIVE 62692815v1

=== page 95 ===
Case 25-11853-KBO    Doc 396-2    Filed 03/31/26    Page 95 of 551

LANDLORD: 
 
 
 
 
 
 
HUDSON 10TH FLOOR LLC 
 
 
 
 
 
a Delaware limited liability company 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
By: 
_______________________________________ 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Name:__________________________________  
 
 
 
 
 
 
Title: __________________________________

3 
61458/0006-42435625v2 
ACTIVE 62692815v1

=== page 96 ===
Case 25-11853-KBO    Doc 396-2    Filed 03/31/26    Page 96 of 551

EXHIBIT A

Legal Description of the Premises and Tenth Floor Unit

The Condominium Unit (the "Unit") known as the Tenth Floor Unit, also known as Unit 6 in the 
premises known as 353 West 57th Street Condominium and by the street number 353-361 West 57th 
Street a/k/a 356 West 58th Street, Borough of Manhattan, City, County and State of New York, said 
Unit being designated and described as the Tenth Floor and also known as Unit 6 in the Declaration 
establishing a plan for condominium ownership of said premises under Article 9-B of the Real 
Property Law of the State of New York (the "New York Condominium Act") dated April 11, 1985 
and recorded April 24, 1985 in the Office of the Register of The City of New York, County of New 
York, in Reel 902, Page 1, as amended by the Amendment of Declaration, dated January 29, 1993 
and recorded May  11, 1993 in the Office of the Register of the City of New York, in the County of 
New York, in Reel 1969 and Page 2286, as further amended by the Amended and Restated 
Declaration, dated February 12, 1999 and recorded July 16, 1999 in the Office of the Register of the 
City of New York, in the County of New York, in Reel 2913 and Page 1753, and Amendment to 
Amended and Restated  Declaration, dated September 30, 1999 and recorded October 27, 1999 in 
the Office of the Register of the City of New York, in the County of New York in Reel 2979 and 
Page 2159 (which Declaration, as amended, is hereinafter referred to as the "Declaration"). Said Unit 
is also designated and described as Tax Lot No. 1706, Block 1048, Section 4, Borough of Manhattan 
on the Tax Map of the Real Property Assessment Department of the City of New York and on the 
Floor Plans of said Building certified by Butler Rogers Baskett Architects, on March 27, 1985 and 
filed on April 22, 1985 as Condominium Plan No. 208, and on April 24, 1985 as Map No. 4326, as 
amended on December 14, 1992 and filed on May 5, 1993 as Plan No. 208A (Amendment to Plan 
No. 208), and on May 11, 1993 as Map No. 5192 in the aforesaid Register's Office.

The land upon which the Building containing the Unit is erected is described as follows:

ALL that certain plot, piece or parcel of land, with the buildings and improvements 
thereon erected, situate, lying and being in the Borough of Manhattan, City, County and 
State of New York, bounded and described as follows:

BEGINNING at a point on the northerly side of 57th Street distant 20 feet easterly from the 
corner formed by the intersection of the easterly side of 9th Avenue with the northerly side of 
57th Street;

RUNNING THENCE easterly along the said northerly side of 57th Street, 155 feet;

THENCE northerly parallel with 9th Avenue 200 feet  10 inches to the southerly side of 58th 
Street;

THENCE westerly along the said southerly side of 58th Street 135 feet to a point distant 40 feet 
easterly from the corner formed by the intersection of the southerly side of 58th Street with the 
easterly side of 9th Avenue;

THENCE southerly parallel with 9th Avenue and part of the distance through a party wall 100 feet 10 
inches;

THENCE westerly parallel more or less with 58th Street 20 feet; and

4 
61458/0006-42435625v2 
ACTIVE 62692815v1

=== page 97 ===
Case 25-11853-KBO    Doc 396-2    Filed 03/31/26    Page 97 of 551

THENCE southerly and part of the way through another party wall 100 feet to the northerly side of 
57th Street, the  point or place of BEGINNING. 
 
Together with an undivided 3.89067% interest in the Common Elements (as such term is defined 
in the Declaration).

5 
61458/0006-42435625v2 
ACTIVE 62692815v1

=== page 98 ===
Case 25-11853-KBO    Doc 396-2    Filed 03/31/26    Page 98 of 551

EXHIBIT H

FORM OF CONDOMINIUM ESTOPPEL

Attached

=== page 99 ===
Case 25-11853-KBO    Doc 396-2    Filed 03/31/26    Page 99 of 551

CONDOMINIUM ESTOPPEL CERTIFICATE

TO:

CSC Hudson LLC (“Purchaser”) 
c/o CSC Co-Living  
6 St. Johns Lane  
New York, New York 10013

Re: 
The (i) declaration of condominium dated April 11, 1985 made by Irving Schatz (the 
“Original Declaration”) pursuant to Article 9-B of the Real Property Law of the State of 
New York, as amended establishing a plan for condominium ownership of which Original 
Declaration was recorded in the New York County Office of the Register of the City of 
New York on April 24, 1985 in Reel 902 Page 1, which Original Declaration was amended 
by the First Amendment to Declaration made by Irving Schatz dated January 29, 1993 and 
recorded May 11, 1993 in Reel 1969 Page 2286 and which Original Declaration was further 
amended by the Amended and Restated Declaration, dated as of February 12, 1999, made 
by Henry Hudson Holdings LLC, Irving Schatz, Adrienne Wechsler and Cheryl Hirsch 
(the “A&R Declaration”), which A&R Declaration was recorded July 16, 1999 in Reel 
2913 Page 1753 (and which A&R Declaration, by its terms, restated the Original 
Declaration in its entirety), and which A&R Declaration was amended by the Amendment 
to Amended and Restated Declaration, dated September 30, 1999, and recorded on October 
27, 1999 in Reel 2979 Page 2159 (collectively, the “Declaration"); (ii) by-laws,  including 
the rules and regulations and all other exhibits and schedules attached thereto (the “By-
Laws”) of 353 West 57th Street Condominium (the “Condominium”); and (iii) Purchase 
and Sale Agreement (the "PSA"), dated January ___, 2022, by and between the EC 58th 
Street LLC, a Delaware limited liability company, having an address at c/o Cain 
International US Services LP, 350 Park Avenue, 14th Floor, New York, New York 10022 
(the “Seller”), and CSC Hudson, LLC, a Delaware limited liability company, having an 
address at c/o CSC Co-Living, 6 St. Johns Lane, New York, New York 10013 
(“Purchaser”) for the conveyance of Unit 1 and Unit 2 of the Condominium (the “Owned 
Units”) and Unit 4 and Unit 6 of the Condominium (the “Leased Units”) (collectively, the 
“Units”).  Capitalized terms used herein and not defined shall have the meaning ascribed 
to such terms in the Condominium Documents and the PSA.

The undersigned is a duly authorized representative of the Board of Managers of the 
Condominium (the “Board”).  The Board, hereby certifies to Purchaser as follows:

1.
All Common Charges with respect to the Units which are due have been paid in full and,
there are no outstanding liens, claims, dues or charges (including, without limitation,
Common Charge Liens) due to the Condominium with respect to the Units. There are no
pending emergency or special assessments, capital improvements, remedial assessments,
unpaid liens or other financial obligations imposed by the Board with respect to the Units,
and the Seller is current in regard to all its financial obligations to the Board and the
Condominium.

" = "1" "" ""  
61458/0006-42435629v2 
ACTIVE 62690184v1

=== page 100 ===
Case 25-11853-KBO    Doc 396-2    Filed 03/31/26    Page 100 of 551

2.   
The current total monthly Common Charges for the Units are as follows:

a. Unit 1: $0.00.

b. Unit 2: $0.00.

c. Unit 4: $0.00.

d. Unit 6: $0.00.

3. 
Neither the Board nor any party to any Condominium Document has a right of first refusal 
to lease or purchase the Units and Seller may freely without hindrance lease or sell the 
Units pursuant to the express terms of the Condominium Documents.

4. 
The Board has no claims, demands, or offset rights against Seller.

5. 
The Declaration and By-Laws are in full force and effect and have not been modified or 
supplemented or amended except as set forth above.

6. 
To the actual knowledge of the undersigned on behalf of the Board, neither the Units nor 
Seller is in violation or breach of, or in default under, any of the Condominium Documents, 
and the Board has no actual knowledge of any event or condition which, with the passage 
of time or the giving of notice or both, would constitute such a violation, breach or default 
by the Units or Seller. To the best of the knowledge of the undersigned on behalf of the 
Board, the Board has not received written notice of any claims, demands, causes of action 
or proceedings, pending or threatened, against the Units or Seller.

7. 
The undersigned representative of the Board agrees that this Estoppel Certificate may be 
relied upon by Purchaser, any assignee of Purchaser’s rights under the PSA (collectively, 
“Assignee”), any mortgagee of Purchaser, any mortgagee of Assignee, and all of their 
respective successors and assigns.

8. 
The undersigned representative of the Board is duly authorized and fully qualified to 
execute this Estoppel Certificate on behalf of the Board thereby binding the Board and the 
Condominium.

EXECUTED this ________ day of _________, 2022. 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
  
THE BOARD OF MANAGERS OF  
353 WEST 57TH STREET 
CONDOMINIUM 
 
  
 
 
  
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
By: 
 
 
 
 
 
 
  
      Name:

v4 (71728.00003.001) 
" = "1" "" ""  
61458/0006-42435629v2 
ACTIVE 62690184v1

=== page 101 ===
Case 25-11853-KBO    Doc 396-2    Filed 03/31/26    Page 101 of 551

EXHIBIT I-1

FORM OF CBA ASSUMPTION AGREEMENT

Attached

=== page 102 ===
Case 25-11853-KBO    Doc 396-2    Filed 03/31/26    Page 102 of 551

Exhibit I-1

ASSUMPTION AGREEMENT

This Agreement (the "Agreement") made as of this   day of __________, 2022, by and 
between PURCHASER NAME, on its own behalf and on behalf of any affiliated or related entity 
and any current or future owner, manager or operator, and their respective successors or assigns 
(collectively, "Purchaser"), and the New York Hotel and Motel Trades Council, AFL-CIO 
("Union").

Whereas, Purchaser has agreed to purchase the hotel known as “[HOTEL NAME]” (the 
"Hotel"), from the current owner, [SELLER NAME] ("Seller"); and

Whereas, Seller is bound to, inter alia, Article 59 of the collective bargaining agreement 
known as the Industry Wide Agreement between the Union and the Hotel Association of New 
York City, Inc. (“IWA”); and

Whereas, Article 59 of the IWA requires successors, assigns and transferees ("successor") 
to be bound to the IWA;

Whereas, Purchaser agrees that it will be a successor to the obligations under the IWA;

Now, therefore it is agreed:

1.
Purchaser agrees that it shall retain all current bargaining unit
employees, whose employment will continue uninterrupted and without loss of 
seniority, compensation, benefits or fringe benefits, and with no adverse effect on 
other terms and conditions of employment, subject to the IWA and applicable law.

2.
Purchaser agrees that, effective as of the date of the closing, it has
assumed, adopted and is bound by all of the terms, both economic and non-
economic, of the IWA and those agreements and practices supplementing the IWA.

3.
By virtue of the closing, Purchaser acknowledges that no new
verification of currently valid I-9 forms will be necessary.

4.
Effective immediately any and all disputes between the parties
hereto or regarding the interpretation or application of this Agreement shall be 
subject to the grievance and arbitration provisions of the IWA, the entirety of which 
is incorporated herein by reference.

[Signatures appear on the following page]

ACTIVE 62690213v2

=== page 103 ===
Case 25-11853-KBO    Doc 396-2    Filed 03/31/26    Page 103 of 551

IN WITNESS WHEREOF, the parties hereto have executed this Agreement as of the day 
and year first set forth above herein.

PURCHASER

PURCHASER NAME

UNION 
 
New York Hotel and Motel Trades Council, 
AFL-CIO 
 
By:

By:

Name:

Name:

Title:

Title:

Authorized to Sign

Authorized to Sign

Dated:

Dated:

ACTIVE 62690213v2

=== page 104 ===
Case 25-11853-KBO    Doc 396-2    Filed 03/31/26    Page 104 of 551

EXHIBIT I-2

FORM OF ALTERNATIVE AGREEMENT

Attached

=== page 105 ===
Case 25-11853-KBO    Doc 396-2    Filed 03/31/26    Page 105 of 551

MEMORANDUM OF AGREEMENT

This Agreement (the “Agreement”) is by, between and among EC 58th Street LLC d/b/a 
The Hudson Hotel, as Seller Party on their own behalf and on behalf of any of their related and 
affiliated entities, and any current or future owner, manager, or operator, and their respective 
successors and assigns (hereinafter referred to as the “Seller”), CSC Hudson LLC  on their own 
behalf and on behalf of any related and affiliated entities, and any current or future owner, 
manager, or operator, and their respective successors and assigns (collectively hereinafter 
referred to as “Purchaser” or “Employer”)  and the New York Hotel and Motel Trades Council, 
AFL-CIO (the “Union” or “HTC”).

WHEREAS, the Seller and the Union are bound to the Hotel Association of New York 
City, Inc. – New York Hotel and Motel Trades Council, AFL-CIO Industry Wide Collectively 
Bargaining Unit (the CBA referred to as the “IWA”) with respect to the property located at 356 
West 58th Street, New York, NY 10019 (the “Property”).

WHERAS, HTC represents employees employed by Seller and at the Property 
(“Bargaining Unit”) are currently comprised of employees listed in Attachment A (“Current 
Employees”);

WHEREAS, the Seller and Purchaser have discussed a transaction pursuant to which the 
Seller will sell the Property upon which the former Hudson Hotel (the “Hotel”) was operated, 
which Hotel is subject to the IWA; and

WHEREAS, the Purchaser intends to renovate the Property and operate it as a residential 
building.

NOW, THEREFORE, IT IS AGREED:

1. 
Effective immediately upon the Closing of the transaction, the Purchaser shall offer 
voluntary enhanced severance pay in the amount of thirty-five days (35) days per year of 
employment with the Hotel (“Enhanced Severance”), in addition to any Article 52 
severance, minus any bridge payments already made, less usual statutory deductions, to all 
of the Hotel’s Current Employees, as listed in Attachment A.  The amount of Enhanced 
Severance will be calculated in accordance with the provisions of IWA Article 52, using 
the years of service and wage rate as of today’s date.  Only Article 52 severance pay shall 
be subject to Fund contributions.  The payment of Enhanced Severance to the Hotel’s 
Employees as listed in Attachment A shall constitute full satisfaction of any obligation of 
the Seller and Purchaser under Articles 52 and 57 of the IWA with respect to any employees 
or former employees of the Hotel.  All employees accepting Enhanced Severance shall, as 
a condition of receiving same, execute a general release.

2. 
The Purchaser shall pay withdrawal liability to the Pension Fund in an amount assessed by 
the Pension fund using the Segal Blend formula in one lump sum payment within 60 days 
of the receipt of the demand to pay withdrawal liability from the Pension Fund.

3. 
Purchaser intends to convert the Hotel into market based residential housing or any other 
use other than a hotel or private membership club (collectively referred to as “converted 
use”).  Unless and until the Purchaser converts the Property into market based residential 
housing, the IWA shall continue to apply (e.g., the Purchaser obtains all of the necessary

ACTIVE 62680379v2

ACTIVE 62771130v1

=== page 106 ===
Case 25-11853-KBO    Doc 396-2    Filed 03/31/26    Page 106 of 551

permits and approvals and commence renovations).  No engineers shall be laid off during 
the renovation of the Property. 
 
4. 
If Purchaser, or its successor thereafter operates a hotel, private membership club, or food 
and beverage operation at the Property, or if the residential building offers leases of less 
than one (1) year, the former Employees shall be recalled and Purchaser, or its successor, 
shall be subject to the terms and conditions of the IWA and any agreements or practices 
supplementing the IWA, including the right to daily room clean.  All current employees 
shall retain their rights to all fairly claimable bargaining unit work at the Property. 
 
5. 
Upon Local 94-94A-94B International Union of Operating Engineers, AFL-CIO (“Local 
94”) presenting signed authorization cards to the Purchaser demonstrating that Local 94 
has the support of the majority of engineering bargaining unit employees, the Purchaser 
shall recognize Local 94 as the exclusive bargaining representative of bargaining unit 
employees. 
 
6. 
Upon Purchaser’s recognition of Local 94 as described above in Paragraph 6, the 
Purchaser agrees to adopt the terms of the Residential Building Agreement between the 
Realty Advisory Board on Labor Relations Incorporated and Local 94-94A-94B 
International Union of Operating Engineers, AFL-CIO (Local 94 CBA).  The Purchaser 
shall sign a separate assent to the Local 94 CBA.  No engineer shall be laid off, suffer a 
loss of hours, hourly or weekly wages, or suffer any other adverse effect as a result of 
the execution, assignment, or adoption of this Agreement.  It is understood that the 
current engineering employees will receive enhanced severance pursuant to Paragraph 
1 above.  
 
7. 
Upon Local 32BJ SEIU (“32BJ”) presenting signed authorization cards to the Purchaser 
demonstrating that 32BJ has the support of the majority of the non-engineering 
bargaining unit employees, the Purchaser shall recognize 32BJ as the exclusive 
bargaining representative of bargaining unit employees. 
 
8. 
Upon the Purchaser’s recognition of 32BJ as described above in Paragraph 4, the 
Purchaser agrees to adopt the terms of the Apartment Building Agreement between the 
Realty Advisory Board on Labor Relations Incorporated and Service Employees 
International Union, Local 32BJ (“32BJ Contract”). The Purchaser shall sign a separate 
assent to the 32BJ Contract.  Bargaining unit positions in the converted use of the 
Property shall first be offered to Current Employees by seniority. 
 
9. 
The HTC will disclaim interest in the above-described Bargaining Unit, upon the 
Purchaser’s recognition of Local 94 and 32BJ as described above in Paragraphs 6 and 8. 
 
10. 
This Agreement shall be binding on Purchaser’s successors and assigns in accordance with 
IWA Article 59, the entirety of which is incorporated herein by reference. Purchaser agrees 
to adopt and assume the IWA subject to this Agreement. Upon closing of the sale of the 
Property to Purchaser, Seller shall be deemed to have complied with Article 59 of the IWA 
by virtue of this Agreement.   
 
11. 
With the exception of disputes arising under Paragraphs 6 and 8 above, any disputes 
between the parties or regarding this Agreement shall be subject to binding arbitration

ACTIVE 62680379v2

ACTIVE 62771130v1

=== page 107 ===
Case 25-11853-KBO    Doc 396-2    Filed 03/31/26    Page 107 of 551

pursuant to the grievance and arbitration provisions of the IWA, the entirety of such 
grievance and arbitration provisions being incorporated herein by reference.  Disputes 
arising under Paragraphs 7 or 9 above shall be subject to binding arbitration pursuant to the 
respective grievance and arbitration provisions of the Local 94 or 32BJ Contract, the 
entirety of such grievance and arbitration provisions being incorporated herein by reference.

12. 
This Agreement shall be subject to ratification by the Union.

Dated:  __________________, 2021

SELLER: 
 
 
 
 
 
HTC:

_______________________  
 
 
 
 
_______________________ 
By: 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Richard Maroko 
Title:  
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
President 
Authorized to Sign 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Authorized to Sign

PURCHASER: 
 
 
 
 
 
32BJ:

_______________________  
 
 
 
 
_______________________  
By: 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
By: 
Title:  
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Title: 
Authorized to Sign 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Authorized to Sign 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Local 94 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
_______________________ 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
By: 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Title: 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Authorized to Sign

4896-1634-2028, v. 2

ACTIVE 62680379v2

ACTIVE 62771130v1

=== page 108 ===
Case 25-11853-KBO    Doc 396-2    Filed 03/31/26    Page 108 of 551

EXHIBIT J

Seller’s Bring Down Certificate

SELLER’S CERTIFICATE

Reference is made to that certain Purchase and Sale Agreement dated as of [______] [__], 
20[__] (the “Agreement”), by and between EC 58TH STREET LLC, a Delaware limited liability 
company, having an address c/o Cain International US Services LP, 350 Park Avenue, 14th Floor, 
New York, New York 10022 (collectively, “Seller”), and [_______________], having an address 
c/o [_______________________] (“Purchaser”), for the purchase and sale of the Premises.  All 
capitalized terms not otherwise defined herein, shall have the meaning ascribed thereto in the 
Agreement.

Seller hereby certifies to Purchaser that all of the warranties and representations of Seller 
made in the Agreement are true and correct in all material respects as of the date hereof, except as 
follows: [__________].

Nothing contained herein shall be deemed to expand the representations and warranties 
made by Seller under the Agreement or to expand the liability of Seller thereunder.

Dated:  _________ __, 20__

[SIGNATURE PAGE FOLLOWS]

ACTIVE 62709800v2

=== page 109 ===
Case 25-11853-KBO    Doc 396-2    Filed 03/31/26    Page 109 of 551

IN WITNESS WHEREOF, Seller has duly executed this certification the day and year 
first above written.

SELLER:

EC 58TH STREET LLC, 
a Delaware limited liability company

By: 
___________________________ 
 
Name: 
Title:

ACTIVE 62709800v2

=== page 110 ===
Case 25-11853-KBO    Doc 396-2    Filed 03/31/26    Page 110 of 551

EXHIBIT K

Form of Assignment and Assumption of Contracts

Attached

=== page 111 ===
Case 25-11853-KBO    Doc 396-2    Filed 03/31/26    Page 111 of 551

Form of Assignment and Assumption of Contracts

THIS ASSIGNMENT AND ASSUMPTION OF CONTRACTS (this “Assignment”), 
made as of the [      ] day of [            ], 2022, between EC 58th STREET LLC, a Delaware limited 
liability company having an address c/o Cain International US Services LP, 350 Park Avenue, 14th 
Floor, New York, New York 10022 (collectively, “Assignor”) and [                              ], a Delaware 
limited liability company having an address [                                                     ] (“Assignee”):

RECITALS

WHEREAS, pursuant to that certain Purchase and Sale Agreement dated as of [               ], 
between Assignor, as seller, and Assignee, as purchaser (the “Agreement”), Assignor is selling 
the Premises (as such term is more particularly described in the Agreement) to Assignee; and

WHEREAS, in connection with the purchase and sale of the Premises, Assignee has elected 
(in its sole and absolute discretion) to assume from Assignor, and Assignor is therefore obligated 
to assign to Assignee, the Assumed Contracts (as defined below), and Assignor and Assignee agree 
that such assignment and assumption shall be subject to the terms and conditions set forth in this 
Assignment.

NOW THEREFORE, in consideration of the foregoing promises, covenants and 
undertakings contained in this Assignment, and other good and valuable consideration, the receipt 
and sufficiency of which are hereby acknowledged, the parties agree as follows:

ASSIGNMENT AND ASSUMPTION

1. 
Assignor hereby assigns, transfers, sets-over, delivers and conveys unto 
Assignee all of the rights, title, interest, benefits and privileges of Assignor, as owner, under all of 
the service, maintenance, supply and other agreements (collectively, the “Assumed Contracts”) in 
effect relating to the operation of the Premises but only to the extent listed on Schedule A annexed 
hereto and incorporated herein by this reference, TO HAVE AND TO HOLD all and singular 
subject as aforesaid, unto Assignee.  This Assignment is made without any recourse and without 
representation or warranty of any kind, express or implied (except to the extent and only for so 
long as any representation and warranty, if any, regarding the Assumed Contracts as is set forth in 
the Agreement shall survive the closing of title thereunder, and subject to the limitations contained 
therein, which are hereby incorporated herein by reference).

2. 
Assignee hereby expressly assumes all of the obligations imposed upon the 
owner of the Premises under the Assumed Contracts which accrue from and after the date hereof.

3. 
This Assignment shall be binding upon, enforceable by and shall inure to 
the benefit of the parties hereto and their respective successors and assigns.

4. 
This Assignment may be signed in multiple counterparts which, when taken 
together and signed by all parties and delivered to any other party hereto, shall constitute a binding

61458/0006-42442710v1 
ACTIVE 62690147v2

=== page 112 ===
Case 25-11853-KBO    Doc 396-2    Filed 03/31/26    Page 112 of 551

Assignment between the parties.  Facsimile or portable document format (PDF) copies hereof and 
facsimile or PDF signatures shall have the same force and effect as originals.

5. 
This Assignment shall be governed by and construed in accordance with the 
laws of the State of New York.

2 
61458/0006-42442710v1 
ACTIVE 62690147v2

=== page 113 ===
Case 25-11853-KBO    Doc 396-2    Filed 03/31/26    Page 113 of 551

IN WITNESS WHEREOF, Assignor and Assignee have duly executed this instrument as 
of the date first set forth above.

ASSIGNOR:

EC 58th STREET LLC,  
a Delaware limited liability company

By: 
 
 
Name: 
Title:

[Signatures Continue on Following Page]

[Signature Page to Assignment and Assumption of Contracts]

3 
61458/0006-42442710v1 
ACTIVE 62690147v2

=== page 114 ===
Case 25-11853-KBO    Doc 396-2    Filed 03/31/26    Page 114 of 551

ASSIGNEE:

_________________________, 
a Delaware limited liability company]

By: 
 
 
Name: 
Title:

[Signature Page to Assignment and Assumption of Contracts]

4 
61458/0006-42442710v1 
ACTIVE 62690147v2

=== page 115 ===
Case 25-11853-KBO    Doc 396-2    Filed 03/31/26    Page 115 of 551

Schedule A to Assignment of Contracts

5 
61458/0006-42442710v1 
ACTIVE 62690147v2

=== page 116 ===
Case 25-11853-KBO    Doc 396-2    Filed 03/31/26    Page 116 of 551

EXHIBIT L

Form of Holdback Escrow Agreement

Attached

=== page 117 ===
Case 25-11853-KBO    Doc 396-2    Filed 03/31/26    Page 117 of 551

ESCROW AGREEMENT

This ESCROW AGREEMENT (this “Escrow Agreement”), dated as of _________, 2022, 
is by and among EC 58TH STREET LLC, a Delaware limited liability company (“Seller”), 
[____________], a Delaware limited liability company (“Purchaser”), and ROYAL ABSTRACT 
(“Escrow Agent”).

RECITALS:

A. 
WHEREAS, Seller and Purchaser entered into that certain Purchase and Sale 
Agreement, effective as of February __, 2022 (the “Purchase Agreement”).  All initially 
capitalized terms not otherwise defined in this Escrow Agreement shall have the meaning ascribed 
to such term in the Purchase Agreement.

B. 
WHEREAS, of even date herewith, Seller and Purchaser have consummated the 
Closing and, in connection therewith, Seller and Purchaser desire to establish an escrow with 
Escrow Agent pursuant to Section 8.2 of the Purchase Agreement.

C. 
WHEREAS, Purchaser and Seller desire to appoint Escrow Agent as the escrow 
agent pursuant to this Escrow Agreement, and Escrow Agent is willing to act as escrow agent 
hereunder.

D. 
WHEREAS, Escrow Agent has agreed to hold and disburse the Escrow Funds 
(defined below) pursuant to the terms of this Escrow Agreement.

NOW THEREFORE, in consideration of the covenants and agreements contained in this 
Escrow Agreement, and intending to be legally bound, the parties hereto agree as follows:

AGREEMENT

ARTICLE I 
APPOINTMENT OF ESCROW AGENT 
 
The parties hereto hereby appoint the Escrow Agent to act as escrow agent hereunder, and 
the Escrow Agent hereby agrees to serve as escrow agent upon the terms and conditions set forth 
herein. Escrow Agent shall hold, invest and disburse the Escrow Funds in accordance with the 
terms of this Escrow Agreement, which terms shall include, without limitation, the provisions of 
Article 3 below.

ARTICLE II

ESCROW 
2.1 
Escrow.  Seller hereby deposits TWO MILLION ONE HUNDRED THOUSAND 
AND NO/100  Dollars ($2,100,000.00), (such deposited funds together with any interest earned 
thereon are hereinafter referred to as the “Escrow Funds”) into escrow with the Escrow Agent, and 
the Escrow Agent hereby acknowledges receipt thereof.  Seller hereby expressly confirms that it has 
instructed Escrow Agent to retain the Escrow Funds from the net sales proceeds payable to Seller 
upon the Closing under the Purchase Agreement.  The Escrow Funds, together with the interest

1

ACTIVE 62599348v3

ACTIVE 62692824v2

=== page 118 ===
Case 25-11853-KBO    Doc 396-2    Filed 03/31/26    Page 118 of 551

thereon, shall be deposited by Escrow Agent into a federally insured, interest bearing account 
reasonably acceptable to Seller and Purchaser (the “Holdback Account”).  Escrow Agent hereby 
agrees that the Escrow Funds shall not be commingled with any other funds.

2.2 
Fee; Waiver of Offset.  Escrow Agent was selected as escrow agent and as the title 
agent, in connection with the Closing under the Purchase Agreement, in part because it agreed to 
act as Escrow Agent hereunder without any additional consideration due to it, and Escrow Agent 
acknowledges that it is not due any additional fee for its services hereunder. Escrow Agent agrees 
that it will not pay or attempt to pay or otherwise satisfy any claim it may have, whether arising 
under this Agreement or otherwise from the Escrow Funds.

2.3 
Disbursement of Escrow Funds.  The Escrow Funds shall be held in escrow by 
Escrow Agent in accordance with the following terms:

2.3.1. From time to time up until 5:00 p.m. Eastern Standard time on the one 
hundred fiftieth (150th) day after the Closing Date (the “Release Date”), in the event Purchaser 
makes a claim for a breach of any Surviving Seller Representation (“Claim”) as specifically set 
forth in the Purchase Agreement, Purchaser may request payment from the Escrow Funds by giving 
written notice of its Claim to Escrow Agent and to Seller (the “Purchaser Claim Notice”), 
certifying in such notice the nature of the Claim, the amount thereof if then ascertainable and, if 
not then ascertainable, a good faith estimate of the amount thereof and the provision(s) of the 
Purchase Agreement on which the claim is based.  If Escrow Agent does not receive a written 
objection (an “Objection Notice”) from Seller within ten (10) Business Days after Escrow Agent’s 
receipt of a Purchaser Claim Notice, Seller shall be deemed to have authorized payment of the 
Purchaser Claim Notice from the Escrow Funds, and Escrow Agent shall promptly pay to 
Purchaser the amount of such Claim to the extent of the balance of the Escrow Funds.  If within 
such period of ten (10) Business Days, the Escrow Agent shall receive an Objection Notice from 
Seller, then Escrow Agent shall not pay such claim and reserve and set aside a portion of the 
Escrow Funds equal to the amount of such Claim (each, a “Claim Reserve”); provided, however, 
that if the corresponding Purchaser Claim Notice specifies that the amount of Claim is not then 
ascertainable, Escrow Agent shall set aside a portion of the Escrow Funds equal to one hundred 
ten percent (110%) of the good faith estimate amount set forth in such Claim for such 
corresponding Claim Reserve.

2.3.2 Upon the receipt by the Escrow Agent of (i) joint written instructions signed 
by Purchaser and Seller or (ii) a copy of a final and non-appealable determination, finding, 
judgment and/or award by a court of competent jurisdiction hearing a claim, Escrow Agent shall 
pay the portion of the Claim Reserve directed to be paid therein to Purchaser or Seller as the case 
may be.

2.3.3 Delivery of Disbursements.  Unless otherwise notified by the recipient of 
funds from the Escrow Funds, disbursements shall be made by wire transfer to an account 
designated by the recipient.

2

ACTIVE 62599348v3

ACTIVE 62692824v2

=== page 119 ===
Case 25-11853-KBO    Doc 396-2    Filed 03/31/26    Page 119 of 551

2.3.4 On Release Date, the balance of the Escrow Funds, less the Claim Reserve 
and an amount equal to the amount of all Claims made prior to the Release Date for which the time 
period permitted for Seller to provide an Objection Notice has not elapsed, if any, shall be paid to 
Seller.  Upon resolution of all remaining timely provided Purchaser Claim Notices and Objection 
Notices, the remaining balance of the Escrow Funds shall be paid to Seller.

2.3.5 This Escrow Agreement shall terminate upon the disbursement by Escrow 
Agent of all of the Escrow Funds in accordance with this Escrow Agreement and Escrow Agent 
shall thereupon be discharged.

ARTICLE III 
LIABILITY OF ESCROW AGENT 
3.1 
Liability of Escrow Agent.  Escrow Agent shall have no liability or obligation with 
respect to the Escrow Funds except for Escrow Agent’s willful misconduct or gross negligence.  
Escrow Agent’s sole responsibility shall be for the safekeeping and disbursement of the Escrow 
Funds in accordance with the terms of this Escrow Agreement.  Escrow Agent shall have no 
implied duties or obligations and shall not be charged with knowledge or notice of any fact or 
circumstance not specifically set forth herein.  Escrow Agent may rely upon any instrument, not 
only as to its due execution, validity and effectiveness, but also as to the truth and accuracy of any 
information contained therein, which Escrow Agent shall in good faith believe to be genuine, to 
have been signed or presented by the person or parties purporting to sign the same and to conform 
to the provisions of this Escrow Agreement.  In no event shall Escrow Agent be liable for 
incidental, indirect, special, consequential or punitive damages.  Escrow Agent shall not be 
obligated to take any legal action or commence any proceeding in connection with the Escrow 
Funds, any account in which Escrow Funds is deposited, this Escrow Agreement or the Purchase 
Agreement, or to appear in, prosecute or defend any such legal action or proceeding.

3.2 
Authorization of Escrow Agent.  The Escrow Agent is authorized and instructed to 
comply with orders issued or process entered by any court of competent jurisdiction with respect 
to the Escrow Funds.  If any portion of the Escrow Funds is at any time attached, garnished or 
levied upon under any court order, or in case the payment, assignment, transfer, conveyance or 
delivery of any such property shall be stayed or enjoined by any court order, or in case any order, 
judgment or decree shall be made or entered by any court affecting such property or any part 
thereof, then and in any such event, the Escrow Agent is authorized, in its sole discretion, to rely 
upon and comply with any such order, writ, judgment or decree which it is advised by legal counsel 
selected by it is binding upon it without the need for appeal or other action; and if the Escrow 
Agent complies with any such order, writ, judgment or decree, it shall not be liable to any of the 
parties hereto or to any other person or entity by reason of such compliance even though such 
order, writ, judgment or decree may be subsequently reversed, modified, annulled, set aside or 
vacated.

3.3 
Indemnification of Escrow Agent.  Seller and Purchaser hereby agree, jointly and 
severally, to indemnify and hold harmless the Escrow Agent and its directors, officers and 
employees from and against any and all losses, liabilities, expenses, claims and demands 
(including reasonable attorneys’ fees and expenses) arising out of or in connection with the

3

ACTIVE 62599348v3

ACTIVE 62692824v2

=== page 120 ===
Case 25-11853-KBO    Doc 396-2    Filed 03/31/26    Page 120 of 551

performance of the Escrow Agent’s obligations in accordance with the provisions of this Escrow 
Agreement, except for the Escrow Agent’s own gross negligence or willful misconduct.  The 
obligations of Purchaser and Seller under this Section shall survive any termination of this Escrow 
Agreement.

ARTICLE IV 
MISCELLANEOUS 
4.1 
Assignment; Successors and Assigns; Third Parties.  Except as otherwise provided 
herein, neither Purchaser nor Seller shall convey, assign or otherwise transfer any of its rights or 
obligations under this Escrow Agreement without the express written consent of the other party.  
Any conveyance, assignment or other transfer of any of Escrow Agent’s rights and obligations 
under this Escrow Agreement shall require express written consent of both Purchaser and Seller.  
This Escrow Agreement shall be binding upon and shall inure to the benefit of the parties hereto 
and their respective successors and permitted assigns.  This Escrow Agreement is not intended to 
benefit, and shall not run to the benefit of or be enforceable by, any other person or entity other 
than the parties hereto and their successors and permitted assigns.

4.2 
Tax Reporting.  Seller and Purchaser agree that, for tax reporting purposes, all interest 
or other income earned from the investment of the Escrow Funds in any tax year shall (a) to the extent 
such interest or other income is distributed by the Escrow Agent to any person or entity pursuant to 
the terms of this Escrow Agreement during such tax year, be reported as allocated to such person or 
entity, and (b) otherwise shall be reported as allocated to Seller.

4.3 
Entire Agreement.  This Escrow Agreement and the Purchase Agreement set forth 
all of the promises, covenants, agreements, conditions and undertakings between the parties hereto 
with respect to the subject matter hereof and supersede all prior or contemporaneous agreements 
and understandings, negotiations, inducements or conditions, express or implied, oral or written.  
In the event of any direct conflict of the terms of this Escrow Agreement with the terms of the 
Purchase Agreement, the terms of this Escrow Agreement shall control and prevail.

4.4 
Severability.  If a provision of this Escrow Agreement is deemed to be contrary to 
law, that provision will be deemed separable from the remaining provisions of this Escrow 
Agreement, and will not affect the validity, interpretation or effect of the other provisions of either 
this Escrow Agreement or any agreement executed pursuant to it or the application of that 
provision to other circumstances not contrary to law.

4.5 
Notices.  All notices that are required or permitted hereunder shall be in writing and 
shall be sufficient if personally delivered or sent by registered or certified mail (return receipt 
requested and postage prepaid), email or Federal Express or other nationally recognized overnight 
delivery service; provided, however, if such notice is sent by email, a copy of such notice shall 
also be sent by one (1) of the other foregoing notice methods within one (1) business day after the 
day that the email notice is sent.  Any notice shall be deemed given upon the earlier of the date 
when received at, or the third day after the date when sent by registered or certified mail or the day 
after the date when sent by Federal Express or the day of when sent by email to, the address or

4

ACTIVE 62599348v3

ACTIVE 62692824v2

=== page 121 ===
Case 25-11853-KBO    Doc 396-2    Filed 03/31/26    Page 121 of 551

email set forth below, unless such address or email is changed by written notice to the other parties 
in accordance with this Escrow Agreement:

If to Seller: 
EC 58th Street LLC 
 
 
c/o Cain International US Services LP  
 
350 Park Avenue, 14th Floor 
New York, New York 10022 
 
 
Attention:  Cain Legal 
 
 
Email: legal@cainint.com 
 
  
 
 
and: 
Greenberg Traurig, LLP 
 
 
One Vanderbilt Avenue 
 
New York, New York 10017 
Attention:  Farah S. Ahmed, Esq. 
 
 
Email: ahmedf@gtlaw.com

If to Purchaser: 
__________________ 
c/o CSC Co-Living  
6 St. Johns Lane 
New York, New York 10013 
Attention: Sal Smeke and Alberto Smeke 
Email: ss@csc-coliving.com 
           as@csc-coliving.com

With a copy to: 
Cole Schotz P.C. 
1325 Avenue of the Americas, 19th Floor 
New York, New York 10019 
Attn: Jordan J. Metzger, Esq. 
Email: jmetzger@coleschotz.com  
 
 
If to Escrow Agent: 
Royal Abstract 
 
 
125 Park Avenue, Suite 1610 
 
 
New York, NY 10017  
 
 
Attn:  Michael J. Roberts, Esq. 
 
 
Email:  mroberts@royalabstract.com

4.6 
Expenses.  Except as otherwise provided for herein, each party shall be responsible 
for its own costs and expenses with respect to matters involving this Escrow Agreement.

4.7 
Governing Law.  This Escrow Agreement shall be governed by and construed in 
accordance with the laws of the State of New York.

4.8 
Execution Counterparts.  This Escrow Agreement may be executed in two (2) or 
more counterparts, each of which shall be deemed to be an original but all of which together shall 
be deemed to be one and the same instrument.

5

ACTIVE 62599348v3

ACTIVE 62692824v2

=== page 122 ===
Case 25-11853-KBO    Doc 396-2    Filed 03/31/26    Page 122 of 551

4.9 
Captions.  The captions herein are included for convenience of reference only and 
shall be ignored in the construction and interpretation hereof.

4.10 
Attorneys’ Fees.  If any legal action is brought for the enforcement of this Escrow 
Agreement, the successful or prevailing party shall be entitled to recover reasonable attorneys’ 
fees and other costs incurred in that action or proceeding (together with costs of enforcing any 
judgments or rulings), in addition to any other relief to which it may be entitled.  In all other matters 
arising hereunder, each party shall bear its own attorneys’ fees.

4.11 
Further Assurances.  Each party hereto, at the reasonable request of another party 
hereto, shall execute and deliver such other instruments and do and perform such other acts and 
things as may be necessary or desirable for effecting completely the consummation of this Escrow 
Agreement and the transactions contemplated hereby.

4.12 
Recitals Incorporated.  The foregoing recitals are hereby incorporated within and 
made an integral part of this Escrow Agreement as if fully set forth herein.

4.13 
No Waiver.  No failure on the part of Purchaser or Seller at any time to require the 
performance by the other of any provision of this Escrow Agreement shall in any way affect the 
party’s rights to require such performance, nor shall any waiver by any party of any provision 
hereof be taken or held to be a waiver of any other provision hereof.

[Signature pages follow]

6

ACTIVE 62599348v3

ACTIVE 62692824v2

=== page 123 ===
Case 25-11853-KBO    Doc 396-2    Filed 03/31/26    Page 123 of 551

IN WITNESS WHEREOF, Seller, Purchaser, and Escrow Agent have executed this 
Escrow Agreement as of _______ __, 2022.

SELLER: 
 
EC 58TH STREET LLC, 
a Delaware limited liability company 
 
 
 
 
By: 
 
Name:  
Title:

[signature pages follow]

Escrow Agreement – Signature Page 
ACTIVE 62599348v3

ACTIVE 62692824v2

=== page 124 ===
Case 25-11853-KBO    Doc 396-2    Filed 03/31/26    Page 124 of 551

PURCHASER: 
 
[__________________], 
a Delaware limited liability company 
 
 
By:   
 
Name:   
 
Title:

[signature page follows]

Escrow Agreement – Signature Page 
ACTIVE 62599348v3

ACTIVE 62692824v2

=== page 125 ===
Case 25-11853-KBO    Doc 396-2    Filed 03/31/26    Page 125 of 551

ESCROW AGENT: 
 
ROYAL ABSTRACT 
 
 
By:   
 
Name:   
 
Title:

Escrow Agreement – Signature Page 
ACTIVE 62599348v3

ACTIVE 62692824v2

=== page 126 ===
Case 25-11853-KBO    Doc 396-2    Filed 03/31/26    Page 126 of 551

EXHIBIT M

Form of Labor Severance Escrow Agreement

Attached

=== page 127 ===
Case 25-11853-KBO    Doc 396-2    Filed 03/31/26    Page 127 of 551

ESCROW AGREEMENT

This ESCROW AGREEMENT (this “Escrow Agreement”), dated as of _________, 2022, 
is by and among EC 58TH STREET LLC, a Delaware limited liability company (“Seller”), 
[____________], a Delaware limited liability company (“Purchaser”), and ROYAL ABSTRACT 
(“Escrow Agent”).

RECITALS:

A. 
WHEREAS, Seller and Purchaser entered into that certain Purchase and Sale 
Agreement, effective as of February __, 2022 (the “Purchase Agreement”).  All initially 
capitalized terms not otherwise defined in this Escrow Agreement shall have the meaning ascribed 
to such term in the Purchase Agreement.

B. 
WHEREAS, of even date herewith, Seller and Purchaser have consummated the 
Closing and, in connection therewith, Seller and Purchaser desire to establish the Labor Severance 
Escrow with Escrow Agent pursuant to Section 16.3 of the Purchase Agreement.

C. 
WHEREAS, after the Closing Date, there are [__]1 weeks remaining in the 30 week 
severance period provided for in NYC Local Law Int. 2397-2021.

D. 
WHEREAS, Purchaser and Seller desire to appoint Escrow Agent as the escrow 
agent pursuant to this Escrow Agreement, and Escrow Agent is willing to act as escrow agent 
hereunder.

E. 
WHEREAS, Escrow Agent has agreed to hold and disburse the Escrow Funds 
(defined below) pursuant to the terms of this Escrow Agreement.

NOW THEREFORE, in consideration of the covenants and agreements contained in this 
Escrow Agreement, and intending to be legally bound, the parties hereto agree as follows:

AGREEMENT

ARTICLE I 
APPOINTMENT OF ESCROW AGENT 
 
The parties hereto hereby appoint the Escrow Agent to act as escrow agent hereunder, and 
the Escrow Agent hereby agrees to serve as escrow agent upon the terms and conditions set forth 
herein. Escrow Agent shall hold, invest and disburse the Escrow Funds in accordance with the 
terms of this Escrow Agreement, which terms shall include, without limitation, the provisions of 
Article 3 below.

ARTICLE II

ESCROW 
2.1 
Escrow.  Seller hereby deposits $[_____] (such deposited funds together with any 
interest earned thereon are hereinafter referred to as the “Escrow Funds”), equal to [____] weeks of

1 To be completed as of Closing Date.

1

ACTIVE 62701336v4

=== page 128 ===
Case 25-11853-KBO    Doc 396-2    Filed 03/31/26    Page 128 of 551

severance pay in the gross sum of $500.00 per week for each employee of the Hotel listed on Schedule 
A hereto (hereafter referred to as the “Employees”) into escrow with the Escrow Agent, and the 
Escrow Agent hereby acknowledges receipt thereof.  Seller hereby expressly confirms that it has 
instructed Escrow Agent to retain the Escrow Funds from the net sales proceeds payable to Seller 
upon the Closing under the Purchase Agreement.  The Escrow Funds, together with the interest 
thereon, shall be deposited by Escrow Agent into a federally insured, interest bearing account 
reasonably acceptable to Seller and Purchaser (the “Holdback Account”).  Escrow Agent hereby 
agrees that the Escrow Funds shall not be commingled with any other funds.

2.2 
Fee; Waiver of Offset.  Escrow Agent was selected as escrow agent and as the title 
agent, in connection with the Closing under the Purchase Agreement, in part because it agreed to 
act as Escrow Agent hereunder without any additional consideration due to it, and Escrow Agent 
acknowledges that it is not due any additional fee for its services hereunder.  Escrow Agent agrees 
that it will not pay or attempt to pay or otherwise satisfy any claim it may have, whether arising 
under this Agreement or otherwise from the Escrow Funds.

2.3 
Disbursement of Escrow Funds.  The Escrow Funds shall be held in escrow by 
Escrow Agent in accordance with the following terms:

2.3.1. On a weekly basis, commencing on the Purchaser’s (or Purchaser’s 
manager’s) first regular payroll date following the Closing Date, Purchaser shall, or shall cause 
Purchaser’s manager to, pay to each of the Employees the gross sum of $500.00 per week (the 
“Severance Payments”) for [____] weeks.  Upon Purchaser’s submission of a payroll report to 
Seller and Escrow Agent showing that the Severance Payments have been made, Escrow Agent 
shall be authorized to release from the Escrow Funds the amount paid in Severance Payments for 
that week.  Payment of the Severance Payments, and reimbursement of the Purchaser or 
Purchaser’s manager therefor, shall continue for __ weeks.

2.3.2 At the end of [____] weeks, any balance in the Escrow Funds, including any 
interest earned, shall be returned to Seller.  This Escrow Agreement shall terminate upon the 
disbursement by Escrow Agent of all of the Escrow Funds in accordance with this Escrow 
Agreement and Escrow Agent shall thereupon be discharged.

2.3.3 Delivery of Disbursements.  Unless otherwise notified by the recipient of 
funds from the Escrow Funds, disbursements shall be made by wire transfer to an account 
designated by the recipient.

ARTICLE III 
LIABILITY OF ESCROW AGENT 
3.1 
Liability of Escrow Agent.  Escrow Agent shall have no liability or obligation with 
respect to the Escrow Funds except for Escrow Agent’s willful misconduct or gross negligence.  
Escrow Agent’s sole responsibility shall be for the safekeeping and disbursement of the Escrow 
Funds in accordance with the terms of this Escrow Agreement.  Escrow Agent shall have no 
implied duties or obligations and shall not be charged with knowledge or notice of any fact or 
circumstance not specifically set forth herein.  Escrow Agent may rely upon any instrument, not 
only as to its due execution, validity and effectiveness, but also as to the truth and accuracy of any

2

ACTIVE 62701336v4

=== page 129 ===
Case 25-11853-KBO    Doc 396-2    Filed 03/31/26    Page 129 of 551

information contained therein, which Escrow Agent shall in good faith believe to be genuine, to 
have been signed or presented by the person or parties purporting to sign the same and to conform 
to the provisions of this Escrow Agreement.  In no event shall Escrow Agent be liable for 
incidental, indirect, special, consequential or punitive damages.  Escrow Agent shall not be 
obligated to take any legal action or commence any proceeding in connection with the Escrow 
Funds, any account in which Escrow Funds is deposited, this Escrow Agreement or the Purchase 
Agreement, or to appear in, prosecute or defend any such legal action or proceeding.

3.2 
Authorization of Escrow Agent.  The Escrow Agent is authorized and instructed to 
comply with orders issued or process entered by any court of competent jurisdiction with respect 
to the Escrow Funds.  If any portion of the Escrow Funds is at any time attached, garnished or 
levied upon under any court order, or in case the payment, assignment, transfer, conveyance or 
delivery of any such property shall be stayed or enjoined by any court order, or in case any order, 
judgment or decree shall be made or entered by any court affecting such property or any part 
thereof, then and in any such event, the Escrow Agent is authorized, in its sole discretion, to rely 
upon and comply with any such order, writ, judgment or decree which it is advised by legal counsel 
selected by it is binding upon it without the need for appeal or other action; and if the Escrow 
Agent complies with any such order, writ, judgment or decree, it shall not be liable to any of the 
parties hereto or to any other person or entity by reason of such compliance even though such 
order, writ, judgment or decree may be subsequently reversed, modified, annulled, set aside or 
vacated.

3.3 
Indemnification of Escrow Agent.  Seller and Purchaser hereby agree, jointly and 
severally, to indemnify and hold harmless the Escrow Agent and its directors, officers and 
employees from and against any and all losses, liabilities, expenses, claims and demands 
(including reasonable attorneys’ fees and expenses) arising out of or in connection with the 
performance of the Escrow Agent’s obligations in accordance with the provisions of this Escrow 
Agreement, except for the Escrow Agent’s own gross negligence or willful misconduct.  The 
obligations of Purchaser and Seller under this Section shall survive any termination of this Escrow 
Agreement.

ARTICLE IV 
MISCELLANEOUS 
4.1 
Assignment; Successors and Assigns; Third Parties.  Except as otherwise provided 
herein, neither Purchaser nor Seller shall convey, assign or otherwise transfer any of its rights or 
obligations under this Escrow Agreement without the express written consent of the other party.  
Any conveyance, assignment or other transfer of any of Escrow Agent’s rights and obligations 
under this Escrow Agreement shall require express written consent of both Purchaser and Seller.  
This Escrow Agreement shall be binding upon and shall inure to the benefit of the parties hereto 
and their respective successors and permitted assigns.  This Escrow Agreement is not intended to 
benefit, and shall not run to the benefit of or be enforceable by, any other person or entity other 
than the parties hereto and their successors and permitted assigns.

3

ACTIVE 62701336v4

=== page 130 ===
Case 25-11853-KBO    Doc 396-2    Filed 03/31/26    Page 130 of 551

4.2 
Tax Reporting.  Seller and Purchaser agree that, for tax reporting purposes, all interest 
or other income earned from the investment of the Escrow Funds in any tax year shall (a) to the extent 
such interest or other income is distributed by the Escrow Agent to any person or entity pursuant to 
the terms of this Escrow Agreement during such tax year, be reported as allocated to such person or 
entity, and (b) otherwise shall be reported as allocated to Seller.

4.3 
Entire Agreement.  This Escrow Agreement and the Purchase Agreement set forth 
all of the promises, covenants, agreements, conditions and undertakings between the parties hereto 
with respect to the subject matter hereof and supersede all prior or contemporaneous agreements 
and understandings, negotiations, inducements or conditions, express or implied, oral or written.  
In the event of any direct conflict of the terms of this Escrow Agreement with the terms of the 
Purchase Agreement, the terms of this Escrow Agreement shall control and prevail.

4.4 
Severability.  If a provision of this Escrow Agreement is deemed to be contrary to 
law, that provision will be deemed separable from the remaining provisions of this Escrow 
Agreement, and will not affect the validity, interpretation or effect of the other provisions of either 
this Escrow Agreement or any agreement executed pursuant to it or the application of that 
provision to other circumstances not contrary to law.

4.5 
Notices.  All notices that are required or permitted hereunder shall be in writing and 
shall be sufficient if personally delivered or sent by registered or certified mail (return receipt 
requested and postage prepaid), email or Federal Express or other nationally recognized overnight 
delivery service; provided, however, if such notice is sent by email, a copy of such notice shall 
also be sent by one (1) of the other foregoing notice methods within one (1) business day after the 
day that the email notice is sent.  Any notice shall be deemed given upon the earlier of the date 
when received at, or the third day after the date when sent by registered or certified mail or the day 
after the date when sent by Federal Express or the day of when sent by email to, the address or 
email set forth below, unless such address or email is changed by written notice to the other parties 
in accordance with this Escrow Agreement:

If to Seller: 
EC 58th Street LLC 
 
 
c/o Cain International US Services LP  
 
350 Park Avenue, 14th Floor 
New York, New York 10022 
 
 
Attention:  Cain Legal 
 
 
Email: legal@cainint.com 
 
  
 
 
and: 
Greenberg Traurig, LLP 
 
 
One Vanderbilt Avenue 
 
New York, New York 10017 
Attention:  Farah S. Ahmed, Esq. 
 
 
Email: ahmedf@gtlaw.com

4

ACTIVE 62701336v4

=== page 131 ===
Case 25-11853-KBO    Doc 396-2    Filed 03/31/26    Page 131 of 551

If to Purchaser: 
__________________ 
c/o CSC Co-Living  
6 St. Johns Lane 
New York, New York 10013 
Attention: Sal Smeke and Alberto Smeke 
Email: ss@csc-coliving.com 
           as@csc-coliving.com

With a copy to: 
Cole Schotz P.C. 
1325 Avenue of the Americas, 19th Floor 
New York, New York 10019 
Attn: Jordan J. Metzger, Esq. 
Email: jmetzger@coleschotz.com  
 
 
If to Escrow Agent: 
Royal Abstract 
 
 
125 Park Avenue, Suite 1610 
 
 
New York, NY 10017  
 
 
Attn:  Michael J. Roberts, Esq. 
 
 
Email:  mroberts@royalabstract.com

4.6 
Expenses.  Except as otherwise provided for herein, each party shall be responsible 
for its own costs and expenses with respect to matters involving this Escrow Agreement.

4.7 
Governing Law.  This Escrow Agreement shall be governed by and construed in 
accordance with the laws of the State of New York.

4.8 
Execution Counterparts.  This Escrow Agreement may be executed in two (2) or 
more counterparts, each of which shall be deemed to be an original but all of which together shall 
be deemed to be one and the same instrument.

4.9 
Captions.  The captions herein are included for convenience of reference only and 
shall be ignored in the construction and interpretation hereof.

4.10 
Attorneys’ Fees.  If any legal action is brought for the enforcement of this Escrow 
Agreement, the successful or prevailing party shall be entitled to recover reasonable attorneys’ 
fees and other costs incurred in that action or proceeding (together with costs of enforcing any 
judgments or rulings), in addition to any other relief to which it may be entitled.  In all other matters 
arising hereunder, each party shall bear its own attorneys’ fees.

4.11 
Further Assurances.  Each party hereto, at the reasonable request of another party 
hereto, shall execute and deliver such other instruments and do and perform such other acts and 
things as may be necessary or desirable for effecting completely the consummation of this Escrow 
Agreement and the transactions contemplated hereby.

4.12 
Recitals Incorporated.  The foregoing recitals are hereby incorporated within and 
made an integral part of this Escrow Agreement as if fully set forth herein.

5

ACTIVE 62701336v4

=== page 132 ===
Case 25-11853-KBO    Doc 396-2    Filed 03/31/26    Page 132 of 551

4.13 
No Waiver.  No failure on the part of Purchaser or Seller at any time to require the 
performance by the other of any provision of this Escrow Agreement shall in any way affect the 
party’s rights to require such performance, nor shall any waiver by any party of any provision 
hereof be taken or held to be a waiver of any other provision hereof.

[Signature pages follow]

6

ACTIVE 62701336v4

=== page 133 ===
Case 25-11853-KBO    Doc 396-2    Filed 03/31/26    Page 133 of 551

IN WITNESS WHEREOF, Seller, Purchaser, and Escrow Agent have executed this 
Escrow Agreement as of _______ __, 2022.

SELLER: 
 
EC 58TH STREET LLC, 
a Delaware limited liability company 
 
 
 
 
By: 
 
Name:  
Title:

[signature pages follow]

Escrow Agreement – Signature Page 
ACTIVE 62701336v4

=== page 134 ===
Case 25-11853-KBO    Doc 396-2    Filed 03/31/26    Page 134 of 551

PURCHASER: 
 
[__________________], 
a Delaware limited liability company 
 
 
By:   
 
Name:   
 
Title:

[signature page follows]

Escrow Agreement – Signature Page 
ACTIVE 62701336v4

=== page 135 ===
Case 25-11853-KBO    Doc 396-2    Filed 03/31/26    Page 135 of 551

ESCROW AGENT: 
 
ROYAL ABSTRACT 
 
 
By:   
 
Name:   
 
Title:

Escrow Agreement – Signature Page 
ACTIVE 62701336v4

=== page 136 ===
Case 25-11853-KBO    Doc 396-2    Filed 03/31/26    Page 136 of 551

Schedule A

Employees

Escrow Agreement – Signature Page 
ACTIVE 62701336v4

=== page 137 ===
Case 25-11853-KBO    Doc 396-2    Filed 03/31/26    Page 137 of 551

SCHEDULE A

Permitted Exceptions

1.
Restrictive Covenants as recited in Liber 656 of Deeds, Page 133, Liber 658 of
Deeds, Page 127, Liber 657 of Deeds, Page 80, Liber 1634 of Deeds, Page 385, Liber 999 of 
Deeds, Page 239, Liber 1006 of Deeds, Page 40, Liber 1613 of Deeds, Page 85, Liber 1006 of 
Deeds, Page 45, Liber 1037 of Deeds, Page 165, Liber 1069 of Deeds, Page 123, Liber 1609 of 
Deeds, Page 160, Liber 1006 of Deeds, Page 43, Liber 1031 of Deeds, Page 428, Liber 1031 of 
Deeds, Page 426, Liber 1037 of Deeds, Page 168, Liber 1069 of Deeds, Page 125, Liber 642 of 
Deeds, Page 494 and Liber 644 of Deeds, Page 428.

2.
The terms, conditions and easements set forth in the Declaration of Condominium
and By-Laws dated 4/11/1985 and recorded 4/24/1985 in the Office of the City Register of the 
City of New York, County of New York, in Reel 902 Page 1.

(a)
First Amendment to Declaration dated 1/29/1993 and recorded 5/11/1993
in Reel 1969 Page 2286.

(b)
Amended and Restated Declaration made by Henry Hudson Holdings
LLC, Irving Schatz, Adrienne Wechsler and Cheryl Hirsch dated as of 2/12/1999 and 
recorded 7/16/1999 in Reel 2913 Page 1753.

(c)
Amendment to Amended and Restated Declaration dated as of 9/30/1999
and recorded 10/27/1999 in Reel 2979 Page 2159.

3.
Terms, Covenants, Conditions and Provisions contained in a Lease dated as of
1/1/1999 made by and between Adrienne Schatz (a/k/a Adrianne Wachsler) and Cheryl Hirsch, 
as landlord and Henry Hudson Holdings LLC, as tenant, a Memorandum of which was dated as 
of 9/30/1999 and recorded 10/27/1999 in Reel 2979 Page 2172. (affects Lot 1704)

(a)
Unrecorded Amendment to Lease made by and between Adrienne Schatz
(a/k/a Adrienne Wechsler) and Cheryl Hirsch, as landlord, and Henry Hudson Holdings 
LLC, as tenant, dated as of 9/30/1999, as evidenced by Assignment and Assumption of 
Ground Lease in Lieu of Foreclosure made by Henry Hudson Holdings LLC to EC 58th 
Street LLC dated as of 11/24/2020 and recorded 12/4/2020 as CRFN 2020000344629.

(b)
Unrecorded Amendment to Lease made by and between Adrienne Schatz
(a/k/a Adrienne Wechsler) and Cheryl Hirsch, as lessor, and Henry Hudson Holdings 
LLC, as lessee, dated as of 8/13/2004, as evidenced by Assignment and Assumption of 
Ground Lease in Lieu of Foreclosure made by Henry Hudson Holdings LLC to EC 58th 
Street LLC dated as of 11/24/2020 and recorded 12/4/2020 as CRFN 2020000344629.

(c)
Assignment and Assumption of Ground Lease in Lieu of Foreclosure
made by Henry Hudson Holdings LLC to EC 58th Street LLC dated as of 11/24/2020 
and recorded 12/4/2020 as CRFN 2020000344629.

61458/0006-42447329v1 
ACTIVE 62692819v1

=== page 138 ===
Case 25-11853-KBO    Doc 396-2    Filed 03/31/26    Page 138 of 551

4. 
  Terms, Covenants, Conditions and Provisions contained in a Lease dated as of 
2/11/1999 made by and between Irving Schatz, as landlord and Ian Schrager Hotels LLC, as 
tenant (affects Lot 1706).

(a) 
Amended and Restated Memorandum of Lease made between Ian 
Schrager Hotels LLC and Irving Schatz dated as of 2/12/1999 and recorded 3/23/1999 in 
Reel 2841 Page 1872.

(b) 
Assignment and Assumption of Lease made by and between Ian Schrager 
Hotels LLC (f/k/a West 57th LLC) to Henry Hudson Holdings LLC dated as of 
2/12/1999 and recorded 3/23/1999 in Reel 2841 Page 1882.

(c) 
Unrecorded Amendment to Lease made by and between Irving Schatz, as 
landlord, and Henry Hudson Holdings LLC, as tenant, dated as of 8/17/2004, as 
evidenced by Assignment and Assumption of Ground Lease in Lieu of Foreclosure 
made by Henry Hudson Holdings LLC to EC 58th Street LLC dated as of 11/24/2020 
and recorded 12/4/2020 as CRFN 2020000344630.

(d) 
Assignment and Assumption of Ground Lease in Lieu of Foreclosure 
made by Henry Hudson Holdings LLC to EC 58th Street LLC dated as of 11/24/2020 
and recorded 12/4/2020 as CRFN 2020000344630.

61458/0006-42447329v1 
ACTIVE 62692819v1

=== page 139 ===
Case 25-11853-KBO    Doc 396-2    Filed 03/31/26    Page 139 of 551

SCHEDULE B

Tax Certiorari Proceedings

Attached

=== page 140 ===
Case 25-11853-KBO    Doc 396-2    Filed 03/31/26    Page 140 of 551

THE TAX COMMISSION OF THE CITY OF NEW YORK
ONE CENTRE STREET, ROOM 2400, NEW YORK, NY 10007

TC70-013-01406
1 - 1048 - 1701
10/14/2021

DITCHIK & DITCHIK PLLC
ATTN: JOEL  DITCHIK ESQ
370 LEXINGTON AVENUE
NEW YORK NY 10017

Application for 2021/22
Block   1048
Lot   1701 - 1706
Ranges:  3Lots:  4
Borough of Manhattan

0491

NOTICE OF OFFER AND ACCEPTANCE AGREEMENT NO. 2022-013-01406
PAGE 5 OF 5

Based on its review of your application for correction, the Tax Commission offers to adjust the property's tax
assessment as follows:

21/22 Total
21/22 Exempt
ORIGINAL ACTUAL
61,855,843
TRANSITIONAL
79,005,357
TAX CLASS
4

ACTUAL REDUCTION
-16,701,076
OF WHICH LAND
OF WHICH PHYSICAL

PROPOSED ACTUAL
45,154,767
TAX CLASS
4

Offer applies to lots 1701-1702, 1704, 1706

AGREEMENT: The applicant accepts the proposed assessments and all of the terms printed above and on
pages 1 - 4, and certifies that all disclosures required by the agreement have been duly made and that there
has been no sale of the property except as so disclosed.

November 5, 2021

Date
EC 58TH STREET LLC

Steven Tishco

X Signature
By (print)

Attorney

Ditchik & Ditchik, PLLC

Specify authorization
Firm

To accept this offer, SIGN and RETURN THIS ENTIRE PAGE. It must be received no later than November 29,
2021.

C1.208-22.2

Calendar Page:
9372
Hearing Date:
September 28, 2021
Property Address:
353 WEST 57 STREET
Boro-Block-Lot:
1-1048-1701
Hearing Officer:
019

#2022-013-01406-0491#

=== page 141 ===
Case 25-11853-KBO    Doc 396-2    Filed 03/31/26    Page 141 of 551

SUPREME COURT OF THE STATE OF NEW YORK 
COUNTY OF NEW YORK 
---------------------------------------------| 
In the Matter of
| Index No.     
 
 
 
 
    | 258783/21

EC 58TH STREET LLC

| 
| Taxes of: 2021/22
   | 
Petitioner,    | Borough: Manhattan

| 
-against-
| Block: 1048
     | Lots:  1701, 1702, 1704 and
THE TAX COMMISSION OF THE CITY OF NEW YORK   |        1706    
and THE COMMISSIONER OF FINANCE OF THE CITY  | 
OF NEW YORK
| 
| 
 Respondents.  | 
---------------------------------------------|

IT IS HEREBY STIPULATED that the above entitled proceeding be dis- 
continued without costs to either party.

Dated: 
New York, NY  
November 5, 2021

Ditchik & Ditchik, PLLC 
Attorneys for Petitioner 
370 Lexington Avenue, Suite 2301 
New York, NY 10017

___________________________________
CORPORATION COUNSEL

Attorney for Respondents

Assessment reduced from $61,855,843 to $45,154,767

=== page 142 ===
Case 25-11853-KBO    Doc 396-2    Filed 03/31/26    Page 142 of 551

Index No. 258783/21            Year 2021

_________________________________________________________________

NEW YORK SUPREME COURT

COUNTY OF NEW YORK 
_________________________________________________________________

EC 58TH STREET LLC

In the Matter of  
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
       
 
 
 
 
 
      
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
            
       
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
       
 
 
 
 
 
 
Petitioner,       
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
       
 
    
 
 
 
-against-  
 
                       
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
                  
THE TAX COMMISSION OF THE CITY OF NEW YORK                
 
and THE COMMISSIONER OF FINANCE OF THE CITY 
 
OF NEW YORK 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 Respondents.

_________________________________________________________________

STIPULATION OF DISCONTINUANCE 
_________________________________________________________________

GEORGIA M. PESTANA 
Corporation Counsel 
Attorney for Respondents 
100 Church Street 
New York, N.Y. 10007 
(212) 788-0303

__________________________________________________________________

=== page 143 ===
Case 25-11853-KBO    Doc 396-2    Filed 03/31/26    Page 143 of 551

SCHEDULE C

SRO Schedule

Attached

=== page 144 ===
Case 25-11853-KBO    Doc 396-2    Filed 03/31/26    Page 144 of 551

Schedule C 
SRO Unit Schedule as of January 27, 2022

#
Tenant Floor
Tenant Unit #

1
11
1169

2
15
1546

3
17
1722

4
18
1846

5
18
1856 / (1857 & 1855)

6
19
1916

7
20
2017

8
20
2031

9
20
2039

10
20
2045

11
21
2106

12
21
2107

13
21
2114

14
21
2129

15
21
2135

16
21
2138

17
21
2139

18
21
2140

19
21
2145

20
21
2146

21
21
2155

22
21
2157

23
22
2204

24
22
2206

25
22
2207

26
22
2211

27
22
2212

28
22
2227

29
22
2231

30
22
2232

31
22
2235

32
22
2236

33
22
2239

34
22
2244

35
22
2245

36
22
2253

37
22
2255

=== page 145 ===
Case 25-11853-KBO    Doc 396-2    Filed 03/31/26    Page 145 of 551

SCHEDULE D

Condominium Documents 
 
Declaration of condominium dated April 11, 1985 made by Irving Schatz pursuant to Article 9-B 
of the Real Property Law of the State of New York, as establishing a plan for condominium 
ownership of which Original Declaration was recorded in the New York County Office of the 
Register of the City of New York on April 24, 1985 in Reel 902 Page 1. 
 
First Amendment to Declaration made by Irving Schatz dated January 29, 1993 and recorded 
May 11, 1993 in Reel 1969 Page 2286. 
 
Amended and Restated Declaration, dated as of February 12, 1999, made by Henry Hudson 
Holdings LLC, Irving Schatz, Adrienne Wechsler and Cheryl Hirsch which A&R Declaration 
was recorded July 16, 1999 in Reel 2913 Page 1753 (and which A&R Declaration, by its terms, 
restated the Original Declaration in its entirety). 
 
Amendment to Amended and Restated Declaration, dated September 30, 1999, and recorded on 
October 27, 1999 in Reel 2979 Page 2159  
 
By-Laws of 353 West 57th Street Condominium and the Rules and Regulations of 353 West 57th 
Street Condominium attached thereto.

ACTIVE 62692700v1

=== page 146 ===
Case 25-11853-KBO    Doc 396-2    Filed 03/31/26    Page 146 of 551

SCHEDULE E

Purchaser’s title objections that Seller shall cause to be omitted from Purchaser’s Title Policy

1. Terms, Covenants, Conditions and Provisions of unrecorded Sub-Lease (Operating 
Lease) dated 8/28/2000 made by and between Henry Hudson Holdings LLC, as landlord, 
and Hudson Leaseco LLC, as tenant.

a. Lease Subordination Agreement made by and between Henry Hudson Holdings

LLC, as landlord, Hudson Leaseco LLC, as tenant, and Corus Bank, N.A., as 
lender, dated as of 11/6/2000 and recorded 2/8/2001 in Reel 3236 Page 955.

2. Terms, Covenants, Conditions and Provisions of unrecorded Supplemental Management 
Agreement made by and between Hudson Leaseco LLC, as lessee, and Hudson 
Management Member LLC, as manager, dated as of 8/28/2000, as evidenced by 
Subordination of Supplemental Management Agreement recorded 2/8/2001 in Reel 3236 
Page 1041.

a. Subordination of Supplemental Management Agreement made by and between

Hudson Leaseco LLC and Greenwich Capital Financial Products, Inc. dated as of 
8/13/2004 and recorded 5/11/2005 as CRFN 2005000272715. 
3. Terms, Covenants, Conditions and Provisions of unrecorded Sub-Lease (Bar Lease) dated 
8/12/2011 made by and between Henry Hudson Holdings LLC, as landlord, and 58th 
Street Bar Company LLC, as tenant. 
 
4. Assignment of Leases and Rents made by Henry Hudson Holdings LLC, 58th Street Bar 
Company LLC and Hudson Leaseco LLC to Column Financial, Inc. dated as of 2/9/2017 and 
recorded 2/21/2017 as CRFN 2017000070242. (affects Fee Estate of Lots 1701 and 1702 
Leasehold and Sub-leasehold Estates of Lots 1704 and 1706)

a. Assignment of Assignment of Leases and Rents made by Column Financial, Inc. to

U.S. Bank National Association, not in its individual capacity but solely in its capacity 
as Trustee in trust for the holders of CSMC Trust 2017-HD, Commercial Mortgage 
Pass-Through Certificates 2017-HD dated as of 3/29/2017 and recorded 2/18/2020 as 
CRFN 2020000061988, as corrected by Corrective Assignment of Assignment of 
Leases and Rents dated as of 5/15/2020 and recorded 5/22/2020 as CRFN 
2020000154472.

b. Assignment of Assignment of Leases and Rents made by U.S. Bank National

Association, not in its individual capacity but solely in its capacity as Trustee in trust 
for the holders of CSMC Trust 2017-HD, Commercial Mortgage Pass-Through 
Certificates 2017-HD to Holliday Park, LLC dated as of 3/20/2020 and recorded 
3/31/2020 as CRFN 2020000113456. 
c. Assignment of Assignment of Leases and Rents made by Holliday Park, LLC to

Security Benefit Life Insurance Company dated 12/18/2020 and recorded 1/4/2021 
as CRFN 2021000000917. 
 
5. UCC Financing Statement: 
Secured Party: Column Financial, Inc.

61458/0006-42420005v2 
ACTIVE 62690322v2

=== page 147 ===
Case 25-11853-KBO    Doc 396-2    Filed 03/31/26    Page 147 of 551

Debtors: Henry Hudson Holdings LLC, 58th Street Bar Company LLC and 
Hudson Leaseco LLC 
Filed: 2/21/2017 
CRFN 2017000070243 
 
As assigned by UCC-3 recorded 10/1/2020 as CRFN 2020000265736 
As assigned by UCC-3 recorded 11/17/2020 as CRFN 2020000321336 
 
 
6. Proof is required from the Board of Managers that there are no unpaid maintenance 
charges and/or assessments against the Unit to be conveyed or mortgaged.  
 
7. Closing deed shall contain a statement of the use for which the Unit is intended as 
required by Real Property Law §339-0 (3). 
 
8. Satisfactory proof must be submitted that the Board of Managers has consented to the 
proposed sale and has waived its right of first refusal, if any, as may be provided for by 
the By-Laws.

9. A duly acknowledged estoppel certificate is required from the landlord certifying that 
the lease to be insured has not been assigned, altered, modified or amended, except as 
set forth herein, and that said lease is in full force and effect and that there are no 
existing defaults by the tenant in respect to any terms, covenants, conditions and 
agreements contained in said lease.

10. With respect to EC 58th Street LLC, the following proofs and documents must be submitted 
to this Company for examination prior to closing and upon review additional exceptions may 
thereafter be raised:

A) Proof that EC 58th Street LLC has been validly formed and 
remains in existence. Note: This may be established by an affidavit 
from a member or attorney representing, EC 58th Street LLC, with 
knowledge of the facts and should include the submission to this 
Company of a status letter or other evidence from the Secretary of State 
to the effect that EC 58th Street LLC remains in existence.

B) In addition to the proof required above:

1. A copy of the Articles of Organization, together with 
any amendments thereto, together with proof of filing of 
same with the Secretary of State;

2. A fully executed copy of the Operating Agreement, together 
with any amendments thereto;

3. Resolution of EC 58th Street LLC executed by duly 
authorized member(s) or manager(s) approving the subject

2 
61458/0006-42420005v2 
ACTIVE 62690322v2

=== page 148 ===
Case 25-11853-KBO    Doc 396-2    Filed 03/31/26    Page 148 of 551

transaction, which resolution identifies the person(s) authorized 
and directed to act for said EC 58th Street LLC together with 
proof that the resolution was adopted in accordance with the 
Operating Agreement and the Articles of Organization. If the 
subject transaction involved the sale, exchange, lease or mortgage 
of all or substantially all of the assets of said EC 58th Street 
LLC, then absent provisions to the contrary in the Operating 
Agreement, such resolution must also be adopted by the vote of at 
least two-thirds in interest of the members entitled to vote 
thereon.

11. A. Satisfactory proof by affidavit must be furnished showing whether any work has been
done upon the premises by the City, or any demand made by the City for any work, that
may result in charges:

a.
By the New York City Department of Rent and Housing Maintenance,
Emergency Services;
b. By the New York City Department of Environmental Protection for Water Tap

Closing or any related work; and
c.
By the New York City Department of Health, whether or not such charges are
liens against which this Policy insures.
C)
Satisfactory proof by affidavit must be furnished showing whether any fee for an
inspection, re-inspection, examination or service performed the Department of Buildings 
or permit issued by The Department of Buildings have been levied, charges, created or 
incurred that may become a lien on the premises, whether or not such charges are liens 
against which this Policy insures.

12. All mortgages on the Mortgage Schedule included in the Commitment and recited below:

A. Amended and Restated Replacement Mortgage A in the original principal amount of

$217,000,000.00 made by Henry Hudson Holdings LLC, Morgans Holdings LLC and 
Royalton, LLC to Wachovia Bank, National Association dated 10/6/2006 and recorded 
12/11/2006 as CRFN 2006000679014.  (Originally affected premises herein and Block 
867 Lot 20 and Block 1259 Lot 11)

Mortgage Tax Paid: $ -0-

NOTE:  Said mortgage A was derived from Note and Mortgage Severance Agreement 
made between Wachovia Bank, National Association, Royalton, LLC, Henry Hudson 
Holdings LLC and Morgans Holdings LLC dated as of 10/6/2006 and recorded 
12/11/2006 as CRFN 2006000679013. 
(See Mortgage Exhibit annexed)

1. Said mortgage A was released from Block 867 Lot 20 and Block 1259 Lot 11 by
Partial Release of Amended and Restated Replacement Mortgage A made between
Wachovia Bank, National Association, Henry Hudson Holdings LLC, Morgans

3
61458/0006-42420005v2 
ACTIVE 62690322v2

=== page 149 ===
Case 25-11853-KBO    Doc 396-2    Filed 03/31/26    Page 149 of 551

Holdings LLC and Royalton LLC dated as of 10/6/2006 and recorded 12/11/2006 as 
CRFN 2006000679017.

2. Said mortgage A was amended by Agreement of Consolidation and Modification of 
Mortgage, Security Agreement, Assignment of Rents and Fixture Filing made 
between Henry Hudson Holdings LLC and Wachovia Bank, National Association 
dated as of 10/6/2006 and recorded 12/11/2006 as CRFN 2006000679020.

3. Said mortgage A was assigned by Wachovia Bank, National Association to LaSalle 
Bank National Association, as Trustee for the Benefit of the Holders of Wachovia 
Bank Commercial Mortgage Trust, Commercial Mortgage Pass-Through Certificates, 
Series 2007-Whale 8, solely to the extent set forth in the applicable Partition 
Agreement, the applicable Non-Trust Portion Holder by Assignment of Mortgage 
dated as of 6/27/2007 and recorded 11/27/2007 as CRFN 2007000587889.

4. Said mortgage A was modified by Modification of Agreement of Consolidation and 
Modification of Mortgage, Security Agreement, Assignment of Rents and Fixture 
Filing made between Henry Hudson Holdings LLC and Bank of America, National 
Association, as successor by merger to LaSalle Bank National Association, as Trustee 
for the Benefit of the Holders of Wachovia Bank Commercial Mortgage Trust, 
Commercial Mortgage Pass-Through Certificates, Series 2007-Whale 8 dated as of 
9/30/2010 and recorded 10/14/2010 as CRFN 2010000344286.

5. Said mortgage A was assigned by Bank of America, National Association, as 
successor by merger to LaSalle Bank National Association, as Trustee for the Benefit 
of the Holders of Wachovia Bank Commercial Mortgage Trust, Commercial 
Mortgage Pass-Through Certificates, Series 2007-Whale 8 to Deutsche Bank Trust 
Company of Americas, as Administrative Agent, by Assignment of Mortgage dated 
as of 8/12/2011 and recorded 9/16/2011 as CRFN 2011000329360.

6. Said mortgage A was amended and restated in the reduced amount of 
$115,000,000.00 by Amended, Restated and Consolidated Mortgage, Assignment of 
Leases and Rents, Hotel Revenue and Security Agreement made between Henry 
Hudson Holdings LLC, Hudson Leaseco LLC and 58th Street Bar Company LLC and 
Deutsche Bank Trust Company of Americas, as Administrative Agent, dated as of 
8/12/2011 and recorded 9/16/2011 as CRFN 2011000329361.  (spread to cover the 
fee estate of Lots 1701 and 1702 and leasehold and sub-leasehold estates of Lots 1704 
and 1706)

7. Said mortgage A was amended by First Amendment to Amended, Restated and 
Consolidated Mortgage, Assignment of Leases and Rents, Hotel Revenue and 
Security Agreement made between Henry Hudson Holdings LLC, Hudson Leaseco 
LLC and 58th Street Bar Company LLC and Deutsche Bank Trust Company of 
Americas, as Administrative Agent, dated as of 12/7/2011 and recorded 2/21/2012 as 
CRFN 2012000068316.

4 
61458/0006-42420005v2 
ACTIVE 62690322v2

=== page 150 ===
Case 25-11853-KBO    Doc 396-2    Filed 03/31/26    Page 150 of 551

8. Said mortgage A was assigned by Deutsche Bank Trust Company of Americas, as 
Administrative Agent to UBS Real Estate Securities Inc. by Assignment of Mortgage 
dated as of 11/14/2012 and recorded 11/26/2012 as CRFN 2012000461819.

B. Fee and Leasehold Mortgage in the original principal amount of $65,000,000.00 made by

Henry Hudson Holdings LLC, Hudson Leaseco LLC and 58th Street Bar Company LLC 
to UBS Real Estate Securities Inc. dated as of 11/14/2012 and recorded 11/26/2012 as 
CRFN 2012000461820. (affects Fee Estate of Lots 1701 and 1702 Leasehold and Sub-
leasehold Estates of Lots 1704 and 1706) 
 
Mortgage Tax Paid: $1,820,000.00

1. Said mortgages A and B were consolidated to form a single lien of $180,000,000.00 
by Consolidated, Amended and Restated Fee and Leasehold Mortgage and Security 
Agreement made between Henry Hudson Holdings LLC, Hudson Leaseco LLC and 
58th Street Bar Company LLC and UBS Real Estate Securities Inc. dated as of 
11/14/2012 and recorded 11/26/2012 as CRFN 2012000461821.

2. Said mortgages A and B, as consolidated, were assigned by UBS Real Estate 
Securities Inc. to Citigroup Global Markets Realty Corp. and Bank of America, N.A. 
by Assignment of Mortgage dated as of 2/6/2014 and recorded 2/14/2014 as CRFN 
2014000058277.

C. Consolidated, Amended and Restated Fee and Leasehold Mortgage and Security

Agreement in the original principal amount of $53,333,333.34 made by Henry Hudson 
Holdings LLC, Hudson Leaseco LLC and 58th Street Bar Company LLC to Citigroup 
Global Markets Realty Corp. and Bank of America, N.A. dated as of 2/6/2014 and 
recorded 2/14/2014 as CRFN 2014000058278. (affects Fee Estate of Lots 1701 and 
1702 Leasehold and Sub-leasehold Estates of Lots 1704 and 1706) 
 
Mortgage Tax Paid: $1,493,332.41

1. Said mortgages A through C were consolidated to form a single lien of 
$233,333,333.34 by the terms of said mortgage C. 
 
2. Said mortgages A through C, as consolidated, were assigned by Citigroup Global 
Markets Realty Corp. and Bank of America, N.A. to Deutsche Bank Trust 
Company Americas, as Trustee for CGBAM Commercial Mortgage Trust 2014-
HD. Commercial Mortgage Pass-Through Certificates, Series 2014-HD and The 
Companion Loan Holder by Assignment of Mortgage dated 5/28/2014 and 
recorded 8/4/2014 as CRFN 2014000255044. 
 
3. Said mortgages A through C, as consolidated, were assigned by Deutsche Bank 
Trust Company Americas, as Trustee for CGBAM Commercial Mortgage Trust 
2014-HD. Commercial Mortgage Pass-Through Certificates, Series 2014-HD and

5 
61458/0006-42420005v2 
ACTIVE 62690322v2

=== page 151 ===
Case 25-11853-KBO    Doc 396-2    Filed 03/31/26    Page 151 of 551

The Companion Loan Holder to Column Financial, Inc. by Assignment of 
Mortgage dated as of 2/9/2017 and recorded 2/21/2017 as CRFN 2017000070240. 
 
4. Said mortgages A through C, as consolidated, were amended and restated in the 
amount of $225,000,000.00 by Amended and Restated Fee and Leasehold 
Mortgage and Security Agreement made between Henry Hudson Holdings LLC, 
Hudson Leaseco LLC and 58th Street Bar Company LLC and Column Financial, 
Inc. dated as of 2/9/2017 and recorded 2/21/2017 as CRFN 2017000070241. 
 
5. Said mortgages A through C, as consolidated, were assigned by Column 
Financial, Inc. to U.S. Bank National Association, not in its individual capacity 
but solely in its capacity as Trustee in Trust for Holders of CSMC Trust 2017-HD 
Commercial Mortgage Pass-Through Certificates Series 2017-HD by Assignment 
of Mortgage dated 3/29/2017 and recorded 2/18/2020 as CRFN 2020000061987. 
 
NOTE: Corrective Assignment of Mortgage, Security Agreement, Assignment of 
Rents and Fixture Filing dated as of 5/15/2020 and recorded 5/22/2020 as CRFN 
20200000154471 corrects the Assignment 
recorded 
2/18/2020 
as 
CRFN 
2020000061987 to include the complete mortgage schedule and correct the 
acknowledgement.

6. Said mortgages A through C, as consolidated, were assigned by U.S. Bank 
National Association, not in its individual capacity but solely in its capacity as 
Trustee in Trust for Holders of CSMC Trust 2017-HD Commercial Mortgage 
Pass-Through Certificates Series 2017-HD to Holliday Park, LLC by 
Assignment of Mortgage dated as of 3/20/2020 and recorded 3/31/2020 as 
CRFN 2020000113455. 
 
NOTE: Corrective Assignment of Amended and Restated Mortgage and Security 
Agreement and Other Loan Documents dated as of 11/24/2020 and recorded 12/4/2020 as 
CRFN 2020000344627 corrects the Assignment recorded 3/31/2020 as CRFN 
2020000113455 to include the complete mortgage schedule. 
 
NOTE: The above mortgage is held by a private lender. Whenever documents are 
required from the lender such as a satisfaction, assignment, or subordination, such duly 
executed instrument must be furnished to the company prior to or at closing.

7. Said mortgages A through C, as consolidated, were assigned by Holliday Park, 
LLC to Security Benefit Life Insurance Company by Assignment of Amended 
and Restated Mortgage and Security Agreement and Other Loan Documents dated 
12/18/2020 and recorded 1/4/2021 as CRFN 2021000000918.

6 
61458/0006-42420005v2 
ACTIVE 62690322v2

=== page 152 ===
Case 25-11853-KBO    Doc 396-2    Filed 03/31/26    Page 152 of 551

SCHEDULE F

Intentionally Omitted

=== page 153 ===
Case 25-11853-KBO    Doc 396-2    Filed 03/31/26    Page 153 of 551

SCHEDULE G

Cycle 8 Local Law 11 Contracts

Attached

=== page 154 ===
2/17/2021
May be terminated at any time with 5 days notice

replacement)
2/17/2021
May be terminated at any time with 30 days notice

amended FISP and Cycle 8B Report & Filing, FISP

Inspections/Report and Filing and Cycle 9B

Case 25-11853-KBO    Doc 396-2    Filed 03/31/26    Page 154 of 551

Schedule G

LL 11 Contract Schedule as of January 27, 2022

Vendor
Scope of Work
Date of Contract
Termination Option

APCO
Furnish all labor materials, services and equipment to perform work
2/12/2021
May be terminated at any time with 30 days notice

APCO 
Additional Work (northwest bulkhead and PP Canopy window/glass

Gardiner and Theobald
Professional monitoring & close out services for the project
2/17/2021
May be terminated at any time with 3 days notice

ALSA
Provide services during construction, liaison with NYC agencies,

APCO Change Order #1
Provide necessary site safety materials
3/29/2021
May be terminated at any time with 30 days notice

APCO Change Order #2
Provide necessary site safety materials
3/29/2021
May be terminated at any time with 30 days notice

APCO Change Order #3
Additional Work (masonry on west elevation)
5/12/2021
May be terminated at any time with 30 days notice

APCO Change Order #4
Additional Work (stucco, cap stone, and skylight repair)
12/17/2021
May be terminated at any time with 30 days notice

=== page 155 ===
Case 25-11853-KBO    Doc 396-2    Filed 03/31/26    Page 155 of 551

SCHEDULE H

Grievances under Labor and Employment Laws

None

=== page 156 ===
Case 25-11853-KBO    Doc 396-2    Filed 03/31/26    Page 156 of 551

SCHEDULE I

Service Contracts

Attached

=== page 157 ===
Case 25-11853-KBO    Doc 396-2    Filed 03/31/26    Page 157 of 551

Schedule I
Contracts In-Place as of February 1, 2022

Vendor
Service
Start Date Status

Sep-21 Contract in place

California Crown Energy Services
Operation, maintenance, and minor repairs of boiler, 
refrigerant, air compression, water filter, fuel oil, automation 
for HVAC, sanitary sewer, and air distribution systems

Atlas Welding and Boiler Repair
Boiler cleaning and burner overhaul
Dec-20 Currently Month to Month (MTM)

Direct Energy
Utilities 
May-21 Contract in place

Sep-21 Contract in place

LL84 Energy Benchmarking (Newmark 
Contract)

Utility management and energy star reporting software 
solution, Spectrum

May-21 Contract in place

Quality Fire Protection
Prepare the amendment to the fire safety & evacuation plan to 
be submitted to NYCFD for review and acceptance. Prepare 
amended building Info Card so it is consistent with 
requirements of NYCFD in addition to training courses

Ditchik & Ditchik
Tax Appeal Attorneys
Dec-20 Contract in place

Nouveau Elevator 
Oil, grease, and survey traction elevators
Dec-20 Contract in place

Jan-21 Contract in place

Lerch Bates
Provide vertical transportation consulting services to include 
calls, reviews, meetings, and site visits

Mar-21 Contract in place

New York Hotel and Motel Trades Council, 
AFL-CIO (Union)

Manager (Newmark) agrees to assume management and 
employ the Hotel employees represented by the Union

Nov-21 Contract in place

Rosenwach Tank
Clean and inspect steel tank compartment, water test, and 
water tank inspections

RCN Telecom Services
Communication and telecom services
Oct-21 Contract in place

Spectrum Enterprise
Internet, HBO, and HD Video Tier
Jun-19 Contract in place

NuChem
Water treatment
Nov-21 Contract in place

Johnson Controls / TYCO
Fire Central Station Monitoring 
Jul-21 Contract in place

New York Security Systems, Inc.
Security Cameras  Service and Maintenance
Mar-20 Currently Month to Month (MTM)

Metropolitan Recycling
Waste Removal
Jan-22 Contract pending signature

Constellation
Electricity
Oct-19 Contract in place

JPMcHale
Pest Management
Jan-22 Contract pending signature

Windstream
Voice Circuit
Currently Month to Month (MTM)

Fire Service Inc.
Inspect and Maintain Fire Alarm, smoke detectors
Jul-15 Currently Month to Month (MTM)

Allbridge
T-1 circuit for phone system
Currently Month to Month (MTM)

LDI
Copy machine
Contract in place

Universal Protection Service
Security  
Contract Pending

=== page 158 ===
Case 25-11853-KBO    Doc 396-2    Filed 03/31/26    Page 158 of 551

SCHEDULE J

Allowed Applications

Filings with DOB:

1. Interior alterations to common areas 
2. Interior alteration for accessibility upgrades to vacant units 
3. Exterior work at common areas such as terraces 
4. Alterations to MEP systems at common areas and within vacant units 
5. Alterations to sprinkler and standpipe systems at common areas and within vacant 
units

Filings with FDNY:

1. Upgrades to existing fire alarm system 
2. New ARCS system for residential use

=== page 159 ===
Case 25-11853-KBO    Doc 396-2    Filed 03/31/26    Page 159 of 551

SCHEDULE K

List of Violations

Attached

=== page 160 ===
Case 25-11853-KBO    Doc 396-2    Filed 03/31/26    Page 160 of 551

Schedule K
Hudson Open Violations as of January 29, 2022

Department 
Address
Violation Number
Date
Type

DOB
358 West 58th Street
021915FISPHAZ75487
2/19/2015 Façade Local Law

DOB
358 West 58th Street
020617E9028/593396
2/6/2017 Elevator PVT

DOB
358 West 58th Street
021918E9028/619075
2/19/2018 Elevator PVT

DOB
358 West 58th Street
021918E9028/619076
2/19/2018 Elevator PVT

DOB
358 West 58th Street
021918E9028/619078
2/19/2018 Elevator PVT

DOB
358 West 58th Street
022118FISPHAZ87279
2/21/2018 Façade Local Law

DOB
358 West 58th Street
021619BENCH00135
2/16/2019 Benchmarking

DOB
358 West 58th Street
031819EARCX10082
3/18/2019 Local Law 87 Energy

DOB
358 West 58th Street
050219BENCH00504
5/2/2019 Benchmarking

DOB
358 West 58th Street
080219BENCH00250
8/2/2019 Benchmarking

DOB
358 West 58th Street
090619ACC101865
9/6/2019 Elevator Affirmation

DOB
358 West 58th Street
090619ACC101866
9/6/2019 Elevator Affirmation

DOB
358 West 58th Street
090619ACC101867
9/6/2019 Elevator Affirmation

DOB
358 West 58th Street
090619ACC101868
9/6/2019 Elevator Affirmation

DOB
358 West 58th Street
090619acc101869
9/6/2019 Elevator Affirmation

DOB
358 West 58th Street
090619acc101870
9/6/2019 Elevator Affirmation

DOB
358 West 58th Street
090619acc101871
9/6/2019 Elevator Affirmation

DOB
358 West 58th Street
090619acc101872
9/6/2019 Elevator Affirmation

DOB
358 West 58th Street
110219BENCH00172
11/2/2019 Benchmarking

DOB
358 West 58th Street
121919E9027/668819
12/19/2019 Elevator PVT

DOB
358 West 58th Street
020220BENCH00127
2/2/2020 Benchmarking

DOB
358 West 58th Street
060520E9027/683208
6/5/2020 Elevator PVT

DOB
358 West 58th Street
060520E9027/683211
6/5/2020 Elevator PVT

DOB
358 West 58th Street
062920EARCX00125
6/29/2020 Local Law 87 Energy

DOB
358 West 58th Street
101420AEUHAZ100047
10/14/2020 AEU Failed to Certify

DOB
358 West 58th Street
111120AEUHAZ100042
11/11/2020 AEU Failed to Certify

DOB
358 West 58th Street
032421E9028/697754
3/24/2021 Elevator PVT

DOB
358 West 58th Street
032421E9028/697755
3/24/2021 Elevator PVT

DOB
358 West 58th Street
032421E9028/697757
3/24/2021 Elevator PVT

DOB
358 West 58th Street
032421E9028/697762
3/24/2021 Elevator PVT

DOB
358 West 58th Street
032421E9028/697763
3/24/2021 Elevator PVT

DOB
358 West 58th Street
033121AEUHAZ100050
3/31/2021 AEU Failed to Certify

DOB
358 West 58th Street
042921EGRADE2000727
4/29/2021 Energy Grade

DOB
358 West 58th Street
060221BENCH0277
6/2/2021 Benchmarking

DOB
358 West 58th Street
062021EARCX00169
6/20/2021 Local Law 87 Energy

DOB
358 West 58th Street
080221BENCH00174
8/2/2021 Benchmarking

DOB
358 West 58th Street
280221BENCH00126
11/2/2021 Benchmarking

DOB
358 West 58th Street
110221EGRADE2100531
12/1/2021 Energy Grade

DOB
358 West 58th Street
032421E9028/697761
3/24/2021 Elevator PVT

Oath/ECB
353 West 52nd Street
35635233H
12/2/2021 Facade

Oath/ECB
353 West 57nd Street
39027352R
8/21/2020 Plumbing

Oath/ECB
353 West 57nd Street
39027351P
8/21/2020 Plumbing

Oath/ECB
353 West 57nd Street
35491673L
7/23/2020 Construction Safety

Oath/ECB
353 West 57nd Street
39025513J
7/16/2020 Elevator

Oath/ECB
353 West 57nd Street
39025512H
7/16/2020 Elevator

Oath/ECB
1150 Longwood Avenue
35469596X
7/10/2020 Construction Safety
HPD
353 West 57th Street
14583964
7493041
9/27/2021

HPD
353 West 57th Street
14583965
7493041
9/27/2021

HPD
353 West 57th Street
14583966
7493041
9/27/2021

HPD
353 West 57th Street
14583967
7493041
9/27/2021

HPD
353 West 57th Street
14583968
7493041
9/27/2021

HPD
353 West 57th Street
14583969
7493041
9/27/2021

HPD
353 West 57th Street
13945387
7083011
2/6/2021

HPD
353 West 57th Street
13945388
7083011
2/6/2021

HPD
353 West 57th Street
13945389
7083012
2/6/2021

HPD
353 West 57th Street
12974778
6430757
3/22/2019

=== page 161 ===
Case 25-11853-KBO    Doc 396-2    Filed 03/31/26    Page 161 of 551

HPD
353 West 57th Street
12974781
6430757
3/22/2019

HPD
353 West 57th Street
12974782
6430757
3/22/2019

HPD
353 West 57th Street
12974783
6430757
3/22/2019

HPD
353 West 57th Street
12974784
6430757
3/22/2019

HPD
353 West 57th Street
12974786
6430757
3/22/2019

HPD
353 West 57th Street
12974791
6430756
3/22/2019

HPD
353 West 57th Street
12974793
6430757
3/22/2019

HPD
353 West 57th Street
12402840
6101206
5/25/2018

HPD
353 West 57th Street
12402900
6101205
5/25/2018

HPD
353 West 57th Street
12402939
6101205
5/25/2018

HPD
353 West 57th Street
12402960
6101205
5/25/2018

HPD
353 West 57th Street
12402970
6101205
5/25/2018

HPD
353 West 57th Street
12402980
6101205
5/25/2018

HPD
353 West 57th Street
12403033
6101205
5/25/2018

HPD
353 West 57th Street
12403073
6101205
5/25/2018

HPD
353 West 57th Street
12360465
6078081
4/27/2018

HPD
353 West 57th Street
12360466
6078081
4/27/2018

HPD
353 West 57th Street
12360467
6078081
4/27/2018

HPD
353 West 57th Street
12360468
6078081
4/27/2018

HPD
353 West 57th Street
12360469
6078081
4/27/2018

HPD
353 West 57th Street
12360470
6078081
4/27/2018

HPD
353 West 57th Street
12360471
6078081
4/27/2018

HPD
353 West 57th Street
12360472
6078081
4/27/2018

HPD
353 West 57th Street
12360476
6078082
4/27/2018

HPD
353 West 57th Street
12360479
6078081
4/27/2018

HPD
353 West 57th Street
12356614
6076238
4/19/2018

HPD
353 West 57th Street
12356616
6076238
4/19/2018

HPD
353 West 57th Street
12356617
6076238
4/19/2018

HPD
353 West 57th Street
12356618
6076238
4/19/2018

HPD
353 West 57th Street
12356619
6076239
4/19/2018

HPD
353 West 57th Street
12356620
6076239
4/19/2018

HPD
353 West 57th Street
12356621
6076238
4/19/2018

HPD
353 West 57th Street
12356622
6076238
4/19/2018

HPD
353 West 57th Street
12356623
6076238
4/19/2018

=== page 162 ===
Case 25-11853-KBO    Doc 396-2    Filed 03/31/26    Page 162 of 551

HPD
353 West 57th Street
12356624
6076239
4/19/2018

HPD
353 West 57th Street
12356625
6076238
4/19/2018

HPD
353 West 57th Street
12356626
6076238
4/19/2018

HPD
353 West 57th Street
12356627
6076239
4/19/2018

HPD
353 West 57th Street
12356629
6076238
4/19/2018

HPD
353 West 57th Street
12356632
6076238
4/19/2018

HPD
353 West 57th Street
12356633
6076238
4/19/2018

HPD
353 West 57th Street
11827788
5775996
6/13/2017

HPD
353 West 57th Street
11827792
5775995
6/13/2017

HPD
353 West 57th Street
10618390
5067019
3/4/2015

HPD
353 West 57th Street
10201525
4816874
4/8/2014

HPD
353 West 57th Street
10201554
4816874
4/8/2014

HPD
353 West 57th Street
10201563
4816874
4/8/2014

HPD
353 West 57th Street
10026351
4719539
11/1/2013

HPD
353 West 57th Street
10026365
4719540
11/1/2013

HPD
353 West 57th Street
10026371
4719540
11/1/2013

HPD
353 West 57th Street
10026438
4719540
11/1/2013

HPD
353 West 57th Street
9673031
4535288
12/10/2012

HPD
353 West 57th Street
9673032
4535288
12/10/2012

HPD
353 West 57th Street
9673033
4535288
12/10/2012

HPD
353 West 57th Street
9588710
4492749
9/18/2012

HPD
353 West 57th Street
9588712
4492749
9/18/2012

HPD
353 West 57th Street
7726100
3574084
2/13/2009

HPD
353 West 57th Street
7726101
3574084
2/13/2009

HPD
353 West 57th Street
7726102
3574084
2/13/2009

HPD
353 West 57th Street
7726103
3574084
2/13/2009

HPD
353 West 57th Street
7500040
3475094
9/28/2008

HPD
353 West 57th Street
7500041
3475094
9/28/2008

HPD
353 West 57th Street
7500042
3475094
9/28/2008

HPD
353 West 57th Street
7500043
3475094
9/28/2008

HPD
353 West 57th Street
7500044
3475094
9/28/2008

HPD
353 West 57th Street
6905564
3080579
8/29/2007

HPD
353 West 57th Street
6905565
3080579
8/29/2007

HPD
353 West 57th Street
6839019
3028321
7/17/2007

HPD
353 West 57th Street
6839025
3028323
7/17/2007

HPD
353 West 57th Street
6839026
3028322
7/17/2007

HPD
353 West 57th Street
6753969
2975912
5/18/2007

HPD
353 West 57th Street
6753979
2975912
5/18/2007

HPD
353 West 57th Street
6753984
2975912
5/18/2007

HPD
353 West 57th Street
6753988
2975913
5/18/2007

=== page 163 ===
Case 25-11853-KBO    Doc 396-2    Filed 03/31/26    Page 163 of 551

HPD
353 West 57th Street
6202732
2689172
6/7/2006

HPD
353 West 57th Street
6202734
2689173
6/7/2006

HPD
353 West 57th Street
5071186
2205265
8/12/2004

HPD
353 West 57th Street
5027531
2179698
7/12/2004

HPD
353 West 57th Street
2956279
607649
7/31/1998

HPD
353 West 57th Street
256276
607647
9/8/1995

Oath/ECB
353 West 57nd Street
011714775N
12/20/2019 FDNY
Oath/ECB
353 West 57nd Street
011801427X
8/12/2021 FDNY
Oath/ECB
353 West 57nd Street
0204793106
1/3/2019 Dep Ind Wsdt Ctrl
Oath/ECB
353 West 57nd Street
0881202035
2/20/2020 DOHMH Cooling Twrs
Oath/ECB
353 West 57nd Street
0881202044
2/20/2020 DOHMH Cooling Twrs
Oath/ECB
353 West 57nd Street
0881202053
2/20/2020 DOHMH Cooling Twrs
Oath/ECB
353 West 57nd Street
0600214423
4/11/2020 Dep-BWSO
Oath/ECB
353 West 57nd Street
0600214432
4/11/2020 Dep-BWSO
Oath/ECB
353 West 57nd Street
0600214441
4/11/2020 Dep-BWSO
Oath/ECB
353 West 57nd Street
0600214450
4/11/2020 Dep-BWSO
Oath/ECB
353 West 57nd Street
0600214460
4/11/2020 Dep-BWSO
Oath/ECB
353 West 57nd Street
0600214479
4/11/2020 Dep-BWSO
Oath/ECB
353 West 57nd Street
011726107J
3/10/2020 FDNY
Oath/ECB
353 West 57nd Street
0881251838
5/14/2021 DOHMH Cooling Twrs
Oath/ECB
353 West 57nd Street
0881251782
5/14/2021 DOHMH Cooling Twrs
Oath/ECB
353 West 57nd Street
0881251791
5/14/2021 DOHMH Cooling Twrs
Oath/ECB
353 West 57nd Street
0881251800
5/14/2021 DOHMH Cooling Twrs
Oath/ECB
353 West 57nd Street
0881251810
5/14/2021 DOHMH Cooling Twrs
Oath/ECB
353 West 57nd Street
0881251829
5/14/2021 DOHMH Cooling Twrs
Oath/ECB
353 West 57nd Street
0881168256
3/27/2029 DOHMH Cooling Twrs
Oath/ECB
353 West 57nd Street
0881168265
3/27/2029 DOHMH Cooling Twrs
Oath/ECB
353 West 57nd Street
0881168283
3/27/2029 DOHMH Cooling Twrs
Oath/ECB
353 West 57nd Street
0881168292
3/27/2029 DOHMH Cooling Twrs
Oath/ECB
353 West 57nd Street
011677523K
2/14/2019 FDNY
Oath/ECB
353 West 57nd Street
011746067M
7/24/2020 FDNY
Oath/ECB
353 West 57nd Street
011788741K
8/10/2021 FDNY
Oath/ECB
358 West 58th Street
0871163298
4/26/2019 DOHMH-Water Tank
Oath/ECB
358 West 58th Street
011620599J
6/27/2019 FDNY
Oath/ECB
358 West 58th Street
011729920X
12/2/2019 FDNY

=== page 164 ===
Case 25-11853-KBO    Doc 396-2    Filed 03/31/26    Page 164 of 551

SCHEDULE L

[Excluded Personal Property]

Attached

=== page 165 ===
Case 25-11853-KBO    Doc 396-2    Filed 03/31/26    Page 165 of 551

Schedule L

Hudson Excluded Property as of January 29, 2022

ACTIVE 62700745v1

=== page 166 ===
Case 25-11853-KBO    Doc 396-2    Filed 03/31/26    Page 166 of 551

FIRST AMENDMENT TO AGREEMENT OF PURCHASE AND SALE

THIS FIRST AMENDMENT TO AGREEMENT OF PURCHASE AND SALE (this 
“Agreement”) is made and entered into as of April 19, 2022 (the “Effective Date”), by and 
between EC 58TH STREET LLC, a Delaware limited liability company (“Seller”), and CSC 
HUDSON, LLC, a Delaware limited liability company (“Purchaser”).

RECITALS

WHEREAS, Purchaser and Seller entered into that certain Agreement of Purchase and 
Sale dated February 3, 2022 (the “PSA”), for the sale by Seller to Purchaser of property 
commonly referred to as Units 1, 2, 4 and 6 in the 353 West 57th Street Condominium located at 
353-361 West 57th Street a/k/a 356 West 58th Street, New York, New York, as more particularly 
described in the PSA.

WHEREAS, Purchaser and Seller have mutually agreed to amend the PSA as set forth 
herein.

NOW, THEREFORE, in consideration of the agreement set forth herein and other good 
and valuable consideration, the receipt and sufficiency of which is hereby acknowledged by the 
parties, the parties agree as follow:

1.
Capitalized Terms.  All capitalized terms used in this Agreement but not
otherwise defined shall have their same meanings as set forth in the PSA.

2.
Closing Obligations.  Seller and Purchaser desire to amend and restate Section
9.1(b) of the PSA as follows:

“Two (2) written agreements pursuant to which Seller shall 
assign to two (2) separate and distinct Permitted Designees of 
Purchaser (as designated by Purchaser in its sole and absolute 
discretion) and/or any other assignee or designee of Purchaser 
approved by Seller, and such Permitted Designees and/or other 
approved assignee or designee shall assume and agree to be 
bound by, all obligations and liabilities of Seller under the 10th 
Floor Lease and Store Unit Lease, respectively, and otherwise 
with respect to the Leased Units, in substantially the form of 
Exhibit C attached hereto (each, respectively, the “Assignment 
and Assumption of Lease.”

3.
Seller and Purchaser desire to amend and restate Section 9.2(e) of
the PSA as follows:

“Two (2) Assignments and Assumptions of Lease, with respect 
to the Leased Units.”

4.
Seller and Purchaser desire to amend Section 19.1 to amend and restate the
second sentence therein as follows:

ACTIVE 64216220v3

=== page 167 ===
Case 25-11853-KBO    Doc 396-2    Filed 03/31/26    Page 167 of 551

“Notwithstanding the foregoing, Purchaser shall have the right to assign 
its rights under this Agreement to one or more Permitted Designees of 
Purchaser without the consent of Seller so long as Purchaser delivers to 
Seller a fully executed and effective assignment and assumption 
agreement conveying such designee(s) all of Purchaser’s right, title and 
interest in, to and under this Agreement and the Deposit at least five (5) 
Business Days prior to Closing.”

5. 
Counterparts.  This Agreement may be executed and delivered in multiple 
counterparts, each of which shall be deemed an original instrument, and all of which, when taken 
together, shall constitute one and the same original document.  PDF signatures are sufficient to 
bind Seller and Purchaser with respect to this Agreement.

6. 
Governing Law.  This Agreement shall be governed by and construed in 
accordance with the laws of the State of New York.

[NO FURTHER TEXT ON THIS PAGE]

ACTIVE 64216220v4

=== page 168 ===
Case 25-11853-KBO    Doc 396-2    Filed 03/31/26    Page 168 of 551

IN WITNESS WHEREOF, the parties hereto have duly executed this Agreement as of the 
date first written above.

SELLER:

EC 58TH STREET LLC, a Delaware limited 
liability company

By: 
 
 
 
 
Name: Anthony D. Minella 
Title: President 
 
 
 
[signatures continue on following page]

[Signature page to First Amendment to PSA]

=== page 169 ===
Case 25-11853-KBO    Doc 396-2    Filed 03/31/26    Page 169 of 551

CSC PURCHASER:

CSC HUDSON, LLC, a Delaware limited 
liability company

By: 
__________________ 
Name:   Sal Smeke 
Title: Authorized Signatory

By: 
Name:  Alberto Smeke 
Title: Authorized Signatory

[Signature page to First Amendment to PSA]

=== page 170 ===
Case 25-11853-KBO    Doc 396-2    Filed 03/31/26    Page 170 of 551

Exhibit A-2

PSA Assumption and Amendment

(Attached hereto)

22

4866-0049-6406, v. 12
61458/0006-42946111v5

=== page 171 ===
Case 25-11853-KBO    Doc 396-2    Filed 03/31/26    Page 171 of 551

ASSIGNMENT, ASSUMPTION AND MODIFICATION OF PURCHASE AND SALE

AGREEMENT

THIS ASSIGNMENT, ASSUMPTION AND MODIFICATION OF PURCHASE AND 
SALE AGREEMENT (this “Agreement”) is made and entered into as of this 3rd day of May, 
2022 (the “Effective Date”) by and among EC 58th Street LLC, a Delaware limited liability 
company (“Seller”), CSC Hudson, LLC, a Delaware limited liability company (“CSC 
Purchaser”), 353W57 1704, LLC, a Delaware limited liability company (“CSC Store Unit 
Purchaser”) and 356W58 Ground Lessor LLC, a Delaware limited liability company (“MSP 
Purchaser”).

RECITALS

WHEREAS, CSC Purchaser, as purchaser, and Seller, as seller, entered into that certain 
Purchase and Sale Agreement, dated as of February 3, 2022, as amended by the First 
Amendment to Purchase and Sale Agreement dated as of April 19, 2022 (as may be further 
amended, restated and/or modified from time to time in accordance with this Agreement, the 
“PSA”), a true, correct and complete copy of which is attached hereto as Exhibit A;

WHEREAS, simultaneously with the Closing under the PSA, (i) MSP Purchaser and 
Hudson 1702, LLC (“Hudson 1702”) and Hudson 1701/1706, LLC (“Hudson 1701/1706”), as 
Permitted Designees of CSC Purchaser (in such capacity, Hudson 1702 and Hudson 1701/1706 
collectively, on a joint and several basis, as “Ground Tenant”) are entering into (A) a 99-year 
ground lease (the “Ground Lease”) pursuant to which MSP Purchaser, as landlord shall lease to 
Ground Tenant, as tenant, the Owned Units and (B) a sublease agreement (“Sublease”) pursuant 
to which MSP Purchaser, as sublessor shall sublease the 10th Floor Unit to Hudson 1701/1706, as 
sublessee and (ii) Ground Tenant is obtaining a leasehold construction loan (the “Leasehold 
Loan”) from affiliates of Parkview Financial (the “Leasehold Lender”), which Leasehold Loan 
shall be secured by Ground Tenant’s leasehold interests in the Owned Units and subleasehold 
interest in the 10th Floor Unit (collectively, the “Ground Lease Transaction”);

WHEREAS, in accordance with the terms of the PSA, CSC Purchaser desires to assign 
to CSC Store Unit Purchaser and CSC Store Unit Purchaser desires to assume from CSC 
Purchaser, all of its right, title and interest in and to the PSA solely with respect to the Store Unit 
Lease, subject to the terms and conditions of this Agreement and in accordance with the terms of 
the PSA (and MSP Purchaser shall have no interest therein);

WHEREAS, in connection with the Ground Lease Transaction, in accordance with the 
terms of the PSA, CSC Purchaser desires to assign to MSP Purchaser, and MSP Purchaser 
desires to assume from CSC Purchaser, all of its right, title and interest in and to the PSA solely 
with respect to the Owned Units and the 10th Floor Unit pursuant to the 10th Floor Lease 
(collectively, the “MSP Property”), subject to the terms and conditions of this Agreement;

WHEREAS, in connection with the Ground Lease Transaction, the Seller, CSC 
Purchaser, CSC Store Unit Purchaser and the MSP Purchaser desire to modify the PSA as set 
forth herein;

Error! Unknown document property name. 
ACTIVE 64069355v10

=== page 172 ===
Case 25-11853-KBO    Doc 396-2    Filed 03/31/26    Page 172 of 551

NOW, THEREFORE, in consideration of the foregoing, and for such other good and 
valuable consideration, the receipt and sufficiency of which is hereby acknowledged, the parties 
agree as follows: 
 
 
1. 
Definitions/Recitals Incorporated.  Unless otherwise defined in this Agreement, 
all capitalized terms used herein shall have the meanings ascribed to such terms in the PSA.  The 
recitals set forth hereinabove in this Agreement are hereby incorporated into this Agreement as if 
fully set forth herein. 
 
 
2. 
Assignment and Assumption.  CSC Purchaser hereby transfers, assigns and sets 
over to MSP Purchaser all of CSC Purchaser’s right, title, and interest in, to and under the PSA 
solely with respect to the MSP Property, and MSP Purchaser hereby accepts such assignment, in 
each case subject to the terms and conditions set forth herein (the “MSP Assignment”), it being 
acknowledged and agreed by the CSC Purchaser that from and after the Effective Date, CSC 
Purchaser shall have no rights or interest with respect to the MSP Property under the PSA 
(except as otherwise as expressly set forth in this Agreement). CSC Purchaser hereby transfers, 
assigns and sets over to CSC Store Unit Purchaser all of CSC Purchaser’s right, title and interest 
in, to and under the PSA solely with respect to the Store Unit Lease, it being acknowledged and 
agreed by the CSC Purchaser and Seller that from and after the Effective Date, MSP Purchaser 
and CSC Purchaser shall have no rights or interest with respect to the Store Unit Lease under the 
PSA (the “Store Unit Assignment”; and together with the MSP Assignment, collectively, the 
“Assignment”).  Notwithstanding the foregoing assignment, CSC Purchaser shall not be relieved 
of and shall remain liable for all obligations of Purchaser under the PSA.  Pursuant to Section 19 
of the PSA, Seller acknowledges, agrees and consents to the Assignment and Seller’s signature 
to this Agreement is evidence of Seller’s consent to the Assignment in accordance with the PSA.   
 
  
3. 
Modification of PSA. In connection with the Assignment and the Ground Lease 
Transaction, the parties hereto agree to amend the terms of the PSA as follows:

(a) 
Defined Terms. All capitalized terms used herein and defined herein 
(including all such terms set forth in the recitals hereto) are hereby incorporated into the PSA. In 
addition, the term “Purchaser” as set forth in the PSA, shall hereinafter refer to CSC Purchaser, 
CSC Store Unit Purchaser and MSP Purchaser, individually and collectively as the context may 
require.

(b) 
Title.  Section 5.8 of the PSA is hereby deleted in its entirety and the 
following is inserted in its place:

At Closing, Seller shall convey, transfer, grant and set over (i) to MSP Purchaser, fee 
simple title to the Owned Units and leasehold title to the 10th Floor Unit, free and 
clear of encumbrances, except only the applicable Permitted Exceptions and any other 
encumbrances and exceptions expressly approved by the MSP Purchaser in writing, 
and (ii) to CSC Store Unit Purchaser, leasehold title to the Store Unit, free and clear 
of encumbrances, except only the applicable Permitted Exceptions and any other 
encumbrances and exceptions expressly approved by the CSC Store Unit Purchaser in 
writing.

ACTIVE 64069355v10

=== page 173 ===
Case 25-11853-KBO    Doc 396-2    Filed 03/31/26    Page 173 of 551

(c) 
Closing Obligations. The following modifications shall be made to the 
Closing obligations set forth in Section 9.1 and 9.2, respectively, of the PSA:

(i) 
Each of the Deeds for the Owned Units shall be made to MSP 
Purchaser.

(ii) 
In accordance with Section 9.1(b) of the PSA, (A) the Assignment 
and Assumption of Lease with respect to the Store Unit Lease shall be made to CSC Store Unit 
Purchaser, as assignee, and (B) the Assignment and Assumption of Lease with respect to the 10th 
Floor Lease shall be made to MSP Purchaser, as assignee.  Sections 9.1(b) and 9.2(e) of the PSA 
are further amended by deleting the reference to such deliveries occurring at least fifteen (15) 
days prior to Closing, with the parties acknowledging and agreeing to deliver the foregoing 
Assignment and Assumptions of Leases to Title Company on the Closing Date, and not fifteen 
(15) days prior to Closing.  In addition, at Closing, MSP Purchaser, as sublandlord and Hudson 
1701/1706, as subtenant shall enter into the Sublease with respect to the 10th Floor Unit (in a 
form mutually agreed upon between MSP Purchaser and Hudson 1701/1706), with such 
Sublease to take effect ten (10) days following the Closing Date in order to comply with the 
provisions of Section 14.03(B) of the 10th Floor Lease.  Purchaser hereby acknowledges and 
agrees that, in accordance with the 10th Floor Lease, a copy of the Sublease, together with a 
notice of the Sublease in accordance with Section 14.03(B) of the 10th Floor Lease, will be 
delivered to 10th Floor Lessor on the Closing Date.

(iii) 
The bill of sale to be delivered by Seller in accordance with 
Section 9.1(c) of the PSA shall be bifurcated into two (2) bills of sale, one with respect to all 
right, title and interest of Seller, if any, in and to all Personal Property, Fixtures, Warranties and 
Permits appurtenant to the MSP Property (the “MSP Property Bill of Sale”) and one with respect 
to all right, title and interest of Seller, if any, in and to all Personal Property, Fixtures, Warranties 
and Permits appurtenant to the Store Unit (the “Store Unit Bill of Sale”). The MSP Property Bill 
of Sale shall be made to the Ground Tenant under the Ground Lease and the Store Unit Bill of 
Sale shall be made to CSC Store Unit Purchaser.

(iv) 
The Assignment of Contracts to be delivered by Seller in 
accordance with Section 9.1(o) shall be made to Ground Tenant. Seller and Purchaser hereby 
acknowledge that the Designated Service Contracts to be assumed by CSC Purchaser at Closing 
are listed on Exhibit B.

(v) 
The Confirming Estoppels to be delivered in accordance with 
Section 9.1(j) shall be delivered as follows: (i) the Confirming Estoppel with respect to the 10th 
Floor Lease shall be delivered to MSP Purchaser in the form of Exhibit C-1 attached hereto, (ii) 
the Confirming Estoppel with respect to the Owned Units and the Board of Managers shall be 
delivered to MSP Purchaser and Ground Tenant in the form of Exhibit C-2 attached hereto, and 
(iii) the Confirming Estoppel with respect to the Store Unit Lease shall be delivered to CSC 
Store Unit Purchaser in the form of Exhibit C-3 attached hereto.

ACTIVE 64069355v10

=== page 174 ===
Case 25-11853-KBO    Doc 396-2    Filed 03/31/26    Page 174 of 551

(vi) 
The assumption of Retainer Agreement to be executed and 
delivered in accordance with Section 9.2(o) of the PSA shall be executed and delivered to the 
Tax Cert Attorneys by CSC Store Unit Purchaser and the Ground Tenant.

(vii) 
The closing statement to be prepared by Title Company and 
approved and executed by Seller and Purchaser pursuant to Sections 9.1(r) and 9.2(k) of the PSA 
shall consist of two (2) closing statements:  one (1) closing statement governing the settlement of 
the Owned Units and the 10th Floor Unit pursuant to the MSP Assignment, and one (1) closing 
statement governing the settlement of the Store Unit pursuant to the Store Unit Assignment.  Any 
and all items subject to apportionment in accordance with Article 11 of the PSA shall be 
separated by Unit; provided, however, the parties agree to allocate any apportionments pursuant 
to Article 11 of the PSA that are not, by their nature, allocated to an individual Unit on the basis 
of the proportion each Allocated Unit Price set forth on Exhibit E bears to the total Purchase 
Price. With respect to any reconciliation of apportionments or adjustments following the Closing 
and/or amounts due to Seller for items of revenue that relate to periods prior to the Closing Date 
in accordance with Article 11 of the PSA, Seller agrees to look solely to (A) Ground Tenant as to 
any amounts due with respect to the Owned Units, (B) Hudson 1701/1706 as to any amounts due 
with respect to the 10th Floor Unit, and (C) CSC Store Unit Purchaser as to any amounts due with 
respect to the Store Unit.

(d) 
Board of Managers. In accordance with Section 9.1(k) of the PSA, the 
parties will cooperate to have the Seller’s appointed members of the Board of Managers resign 
and CSC Store Unit Purchaser and/or Ground Tenant, as applicable, shall designate individuals 
to be appointed as Purchaser’s replacement members of the Board of Managers in accordance 
with the Condominium Documents and the Ground Lease.

(e) 
Retainer Agreement. The parties hereto acknowledge and agree that, in 
accordance with Section 11.4 of the PSA, Seller has continued to pursue the pending tax 
certiorari proceedings for the reduction of the assessed value of the Units prior to the Effective 
Date. In accordance with the Ground Lease, from and after the Effective Date, all such 
proceedings shall be controlled by Ground Tenant and CSC Store Unit Purchaser, and not MSP 
Purchaser as landlord under the Ground Lease, and any resulting tax reductions or refunds 
attributable to periods following the Closing Date shall be the property of Ground Tenant and 
CSC Store Unit Purchaser (as applicable, according to the respective Unit for which such 
reduction or refund is applicable) and not MSP Purchaser. As such, Purchaser’s obligation to 
assume the Retainer Agreement in accordance with the PSA shall be satisfied upon such 
assumption by Ground Tenant and CSC Store Unit Purchaser, on a joint and several basis. To the 
extent any obligations or liabilities relating to the Retainer Agreement survive the Closing, Seller 
agrees to look solely to Ground Tenant and/or CSC Store Unit Purchaser, jointly and severally, 
with respect to such obligations or liabilities.

(f) 
Employee Matters.

(i) 
Seller and Purchaser hereby acknowledge and agree that (i) the 
Alternative Agreement consisting of a Memorandum of Agreement between and among EC 58th 
Street LLC d/b/a The Hudson Hotel, CSC Purchaser and the New York Hotel and Motel Trades 
Council (the “Union”) (such Memorandum of Agreement, the “Alternative Agreement”)  has

ACTIVE 64069355v10

=== page 175 ===
Case 25-11853-KBO    Doc 396-2    Filed 03/31/26    Page 175 of 551

been executed by CSC Purchaser, Seller and the Union and delivered by CSC Purchaser to Seller 
and all other parties thereto in accordance with Section 16.5 of the PSA, (ii) a copy of the fully 
executed Alternative Agreement is annexed hereto as Exhibit D, and (iii) Purchaser’s and 
Seller’s obligations with respect to Section 9.1(i) and Section 9.2(f) of the PSA, as applicable, 
have been satisfied in full.

(ii) 
Provided Seller makes the payments described in the April 27, 
2022 letter between Seller and the Union on or before Closing, Seller will have fulfilled its 
obligations with respect to the NYC Severance (as defined in the PSA).  Accordingly, Seller and 
Purchaser hereby acknowledge and agree (i) to forego the escrow contemplated by Section 16.3, 
and (ii) that Sections 9.1(q), 9.2(n) and Exhibit M (the form of Labor Severance Escrow 
Agreement) of the PSA are hereby deleted in their entirety.  For the avoidance of any doubt, 
Seller and Purchaser agree that any amounts due pursuant to the NYC Severance will be the 
responsibility of Seller, and Seller shall indemnify and hold Purchaser harmless for said 
amounts.

(iii) 
All representations, warranties, covenants, rights, obligations, and 
liabilities of Purchaser with respect to any and all matters set forth in Article 16 of the PSA shall 
continue to be the right or responsibility of the Ground Tenant under the Ground Lease and the 
Sublease and CSC Store Unit Purchaser as the tenant under the Store Unit Lease. To the extent 
any obligations or liabilities relating to any and all matters set forth in Article 16 survive the 
Closing, Seller shall look to the CSC Purchaser, CSC Store Unit and/or Ground Tenant, jointly 
and severally, with respect to such obligations and liabilities.

(iv) 
The parties acknowledge the enactment of the Displaced Hotel 
Service Workers and Hotel Service Disruption Notifications Act, section 22-510 of the 
Administrative Code of New York (the “DHSWNA”) and the Displaced Building Service 
Workers Protection Act, §22-505 of the Administrative Code of the City of New York 
(“BSWPA”).  By this Agreement, the parties agree that the DHSWNA and the BSWPA do not 
apply to the transaction contemplated by this Agreement or the PSA under §22-510(d)(1) and 
§22-505(f)(1) of the New York City Administrative Code.

(v) 
The provisions of this Section 3(f) shall survive the Closing

(g) 
Cycle 8 Local Law 11 Work. The parties acknowledge and agree that the 
NYC Department of Buildings has not issued a Certificate of Compliance with respect to 
completion of the Cycle 8 Local Law 11 Work and, accordingly, pursuant to Section 13.9 of the 
PSA, Seller shall assign the Cycle 8 Local Law 11 Contracts to Purchaser pursuant to the 
Assignment of Contracts, and Purchaser shall assume all obligations thereunder or otherwise 
oversee and cause completion of the Cycle 8 Local Law 11 Work in order for NYC Department 
of Buildings to issue a Certificate of Compliance, provided, however, that in lieu of the escrow 
required by Section 13.9, Seller shall, at Closing, give MSP Purchaser a credit against the 
Purchase Price in the amount of $30,000.00 on account of Purchaser’s assumption of such 
obligations.  Any and all references to “Purchaser” in Section 13.9 of the PSA and this Section 
3(g) shall mean Ground Tenant, jointly and severally, and not MSP Purchaser.

ACTIVE 64069355v10

=== page 176 ===
Case 25-11853-KBO    Doc 396-2    Filed 03/31/26    Page 176 of 551

(h) 
Transfer Taxes; Closing Costs.

(i) 
Any State Transfer Tax or City Transfer Tax that may be due in 
connection with the creation of the Ground Lease and the Sublease shall be borne by Ground 
Tenant (any such transfer taxes, the “Ground Lease Transaction Transfer Taxes”). For the sake 
of clarity, the obligation of Seller under Section 10.1 of the PSA to pay State Transfer Tax and 
the City Transfer Tax upon or payable in connection with the transfer of title to (x) the Owned 
Units and 10th Floor Unit to MSP Purchaser and (y) the Store Unit to CSC Store Unit Purchaser, 
shall not be modified by this Section.  CSC Purchaser, CSC Store Unit Purchaser and Ground 
Tenant, jointly and severally, hereby agree to indemnify, defend and hold Seller and the Seller 
Related Parties harmless from and against any and all liabilities, damages, losses, claims, 
demands, judgments, fines, penalties, settlement amounts, payments of amounts demanded, costs 
and expenses (including, without limitation, reasonable attorneys’ fees) and claims arising out of 
or in any way related to payment of the Ground Lease Transaction Transfer Taxes.

(ii) 
All costs and expenses in connection with the Ground Lease 
Transaction, including, without limitation, the recording of any memoranda of such agreements 
and the cost of any additional title insurance policies or diligence deliverables shall be paid for 
by CSC Purchaser, CSC Store Unit Purchaser and/or Ground Tenant.

(iii) 
The provisions of this Section 3(h) shall survive the Closing

(i) 
Notices. The following notice parties for the MSP Purchaser shall be 
added to Section 17.1 of the PSA:

If to MSP Purchaser:  
356W58 GROUND LESSOR LLC 
 
 
 
 
c/o MSP Capital Investments, L.L.C. 
 
 
 
 
Woodlawn Hall at Old Parkland 
 
 
 
 
3953 Maple Ave., Suite 350 
 
 
 
 
Dallas, Texas 75219 
 
 
 
 
Attn: Luke Pak 
 
 
 
 
E-mail:  pak@mspcm.com 
 
With a copy to:  
 
356W58 GROUND LESSOR LLC 
 
 
 
 
c/o MSP Capital Investments, L.L.C. 
 
 
 
 
Woodlawn Hall at Old Parkland 
 
 
 
 
3953 Maple Ave., Suite 350 
 
 
 
 
Dallas, Texas 75219 
 
 
 
 
Attn: Max Lamont 
 
 
 
 
E-mail:  lamont@mspcm.com 
 
And with a copy to: 
 
Duval & Stachenfeld LLP 
 
 
 
 
555 Madison Avenue, 6th Floor 
 
 
 
 
New York, NY 10022 
 
 
 
 
Attention: Danielle Ash, Esq.  & File Manager 
 
 
 
 
File No. 4308.0014 
 
 
 
 
Email: Dash@dsllp.com

ACTIVE 64069355v10

=== page 177 ===
Case 25-11853-KBO    Doc 396-2    Filed 03/31/26    Page 177 of 551

(j) 
The Surviving Seller Representations shall be deemed remade by Seller on 
the Closing Date for the benefit of Ground Tenant, CSC Store Unit Purchaser and MSP 
Purchaser, provided, however, that in no event shall (i) Seller have any direct liability to MSP 
Purchaser, (ii) MSP Purchaser have any right to make a claim under the Holdback Escrow 
Agreement, and (iii) Seller have any duplication of liabilities for the same claim to any of 
Ground Tenant, CSC Store Unit Purchaser or MSP Purchaser may have with respect to a breach 
of a Surviving Seller Representation, Seller’s obligations under Section 8.2 of the PSA or a claim 
under the Holdback Escrow Agreement.  Accordingly, the Holdback Escrow Agreement shall be 
among Seller, Ground Tenant and CSC Store Unit Purchaser, and Escrow Agent shall be 
instructed to act in accordance with instructions received by the parties thereunder and not MSP 
Purchaser.  The provisions of this Section 3(j) shall survive the Closing.

(k) 
Seller and Purchaser hereby agree to the allocation of the Purchase Price 
as amongst each of the Units set forth on Exhibit E (the “Allocated Unit Prices”).

4. Closing. In the event that the Ground Lease Transaction does not close on the Closing
Date and, as a result thereof, Purchaser defaults in its performance of obligations to be performed 
on the Closing Date (including, without limitation, failure to pay the Balance on the Closing 
Date), Seller shall be entitled to exercise the sole and exclusive remedies set forth in Section 15.1 
of the PSA, irrespective of whether such default was due to the actions or omissions of CSC 
Purchaser, MSP Purchaser, CSC Store Unit Purchaser, Ground Tenant or any Permitted 
Designee of CSC Purchaser or was with respect to any such party’s obligations to close the 
Ground Lease Transaction and/or execute and deliver the Ground Lease or Sublease, which in 
turn caused Purchaser to default in the performance of its obligations under the PSA and this 
Agreement on the Closing Date.  In the event that the Closing does not occur due to a default by 
Seller, MSP Purchaser shall have all the rights and remedies of the Purchaser under Section 15.2 
of the PSA; provided, however: (A) if Purchaser elects to pursue the remedy set forth in clause 
(i) of Section 15.2 of the PSA, the Deposit shall be refunded to CSC Purchaser and in no event 
shall Seller be liable for Purchaser’s Reimbursement Costs in excess of $400,000, in the 
aggregate, as among MSP Purchaser, CSC Purchaser, CSC Store Unit Purchaser and/or Ground 
Tenant; (B) if Purchaser elects to pursue the remedy in clause (ii) of Section 15.2 of the PSA, (x) 
MSP Purchaser may only seek specific performance of Seller’s obligations to convey the Owned 
Units and assign the 10th Floor Lease, in each case, to MSP Purchaser, and (y) CSC Store Unit 
Purchaser may only seek specific performance of Seller’s obligations to convey the Store Unit to 
CSC Store Unit Purchaser; (C) in the event specific performance is unavailable as a result of 
Seller having conveyed all or any portion of the Premises to a party other than MSP Purchaser 
and CSC Store Unit Purchaser as set forth in this Agreement, only CSC Purchaser (on behalf of 
itself, Ground Tenant and/or CSC Store Unit Purchaser) shall have the right to pursue monetary 
damages as against Seller; and (D) MSP Purchaser and CSC Store Unit Purchaser shall not make 
any different election of remedies with respect to a default by Seller (i.e., MSP Purchaser and 
CSC Store Unit Purchaser shall, collectively, elect to pursue only one remedy under Section 15.2 
of the PSA with respect to such default by Seller). The Ground Lease Transaction, and Seller’s 
acknowledgement and consent to the terms of this Agreement, shall in no event be deemed to 
create a financing contingency or condition to Purchaser’s obligations under the PSA on 
Purchaser’s ability to obtain financing or execute on the Ground Lease Transaction.  Purchaser 
hereby reaffirms and ratifies that the transactions contemplated by the PSA shall be deemed to be

ACTIVE 64069355v10

=== page 178 ===
Case 25-11853-KBO    Doc 396-2    Filed 03/31/26    Page 178 of 551

an “all cash” transaction.  The provisions of this Section 4 shall survive the Closing or earlier 
termination of the PSA and/or this Agreement.

5. Ratification.  Except as specifically set forth herein, the PSA is hereby ratified and 
confirmed.  From and after the Effective Date, references to the PSA shall be deemed to be 
references to the PSA, as amended by this Agreement.

6. Conflicting Terms.  Wherever the terms and conditions of this Agreement and the 
terms and conditions of the PSA conflict, the terms of this Agreement shall be deemed to 
supersede the conflicting terms of the PSA.

7. Miscellaneous. Sections 22.6 through 22.14 of the PSA are hereby incorporated into 
this Agreement in their entirety.

[Signatures on Next Page]

ACTIVE 64069355v10

=== page 179 ===
Case 25-11853-KBO    Doc 396-2    Filed 03/31/26    Page 179 of 551

WITNESS WHEREOF, the parties hereto have caused this Agreement to he executed as of
IN
the Effective Date.

rsr, PURCHASER:

CSC HUDSON, LLC, 
a Delaware limitedliability rampany

By:

Name: Albdrto Smeke Saba

Titl«r\AuthVrrzed Si^atory

By:

Name: Salomon Smeke Saba

Title: Authorized Signatory

CSC STORE IJNIT PURCHASER:

353W57 1704, LLC
a Delaware limited ifebility company

By:

Name: Albert^ Smeke Saba

Title: Authorized Signatory

By:

NaWe: Salomon Smeke Saba 
Title: Authorized Signatory

[Signatures Continue on Following Page]

[Signature Page to Assignment, Assumption and Modification of Purchase and Sale Agreement]

=== page 180 ===
Case 25-11853-KBO    Doc 396-2    Filed 03/31/26    Page 180 of 551

IN WITNESS WHEREOF, the parties hereto have caused this Agreement to be executed 
as of the Effective Date.

MSP PURCHASER:

356W58 GROUND LESSOR LLC, 
a Delaware limited liability company

By:

<SNamc: uutLfe 'P/U*-

Title:

Authorized Signatory

[Signature Page to Assignment, Assumption and Modification of Purchase and Sale Agreement]

=== page 181 ===
SELLER:

By:
i*

Name: Anthony D. Minella 
Title: President

EC 58TH STREET LLC, 
a Delaware limited liability company

[Signature Page to Assignment, Assumption and Modification of Purchase and Sale Agreement]

Case 25-11853-KBO    Doc 396-2    Filed 03/31/26    Page 181 of 551

=== page 182 ===
Case 25-11853-KBO    Doc 396-2    Filed 03/31/26    Page 182 of 551

EXHIBIT A

PURCHASE AND SALE AGREEMENT

(attached hereto)

ACTIVE 64069355v10

=== page 183 ===
Case 25-11853-KBO    Doc 396-2    Filed 03/31/26    Page 183 of 551

EXECUTION VERSION

PURCHASE AND SALE AGREEMENT

THIS PURCHASE AND SALE AGREEMENT (this “Agreement”) is entered into 
as of the 3rd day of February, 2022 (the “Effective Date”), by and between EC 58th Street LLC, a 
Delaware limited liability company, having an address c/o Cain International US Services LP, 350 
Park Avenue, 14th Floor, New York, New York 10022 (“Seller”), and CSC Hudson, LLC, a 
Delaware limited liability company, having an address c/o CSC Co-Living, 6 St. Johns Lane, New 
York, New York 10013 (“Purchaser”).

W I T N E S S E T H:

WHEREAS, Seller is the owner of those certain condominium units in the 
condominium known as 353 West 57th Street Condominium (the “Condominium”) in the building 
(the “Building”) known as and having the street address of 353-361 West 57th Street a/k/a 356 
West 58th Street, New York, New York, Borough of Manhattan, City, County and State of New 
York, designated and described as the “EBC Unit” (which is Unit 1 of the Condominium and 
which is also identified as Lot 1701) and the “Modified Hotel Unit” (which is Unit 2 of the 
Condominium and which is also identified as Lot 1702) (the EBC Unit and the Modified Hotel 
Unit, together with their respective appurtenant undivided interests in the Condominium’s 
common elements shall be referred to herein collectively as the “Owned Units”) in that certain 
declaration of condominium dated April 11, 1985 made by Irving Schatz (the “Original 
Declaration”) pursuant to Article 9-B of the Real Property Law of the State of New York, as 
amended (the “Condominium Act”) establishing a plan for condominium ownership of the 
Building and the land upon which the Building is situated, which Original Declaration was 
recorded in the New York County Office of the Register of the City of New York (the “City 
Register’s Office”) on April 24, 1985 in Reel 902 Page 1, which Original Declaration was amended 
by the First Amendment to Declaration made by Irving Schatz dated January 29, 1993 and recorded 
May 11, 1993 in Reel 1969 Page 2286 (the “First Amendment to Original Declaration”), and which 
Original Declaration was further amended by the Amended and Restated Declaration, dated as of 
February 12, 1999, made by Henry Hudson Holdings LLC, Irving Schatz, Adrienne Wechsler and 
Cheryl Hirsch (the “A&R Declaration”), which A&R Declaration was recorded July 16, 1999 in 
Reel 2913 Page 1753 (and which A&R Declaration, by its terms, restated the Original Declaration 
in its entirety), and which A&R Declaration was amended by the Amendment to Amended and 
Restated Declaration, dated September 30, 1999, and recorded on October 27, 1999 in Reel 2979 
Page 2159 (as such A&R Declaration was amended, collectively, the “Declaration”, and together 
with the By-Laws (the “By-Laws”), Rules and Regulations (the “Rules and Regulations”) and all 
other exhibits and schedules thereto (as amended), collectively, the “Condominium Documents”), 
and also designated as Tax Lots 1701 and 1702 in Block 1048 in the Borough of Manhattan on the 
Tax Map of the Real Property Assessment Department of the City of New York, with the Owned 
Units more particularly described on Exhibit A attached hereto and incorporated herein;

WHEREAS, Seller is the lessee of (i) that certain condominium unit known as the 
“Tenth Floor Unit” in the Condominium (which is Unit 6 of the Condominium and which is also 
identified as Lot 1706), pursuant to that certain Amended and Restated Lease dated as of February 
11, 1999 (as amended and assigned pursuant to the following described transfers, the “10th Floor 
Lease”) made by Irving Schatz, as lessor (“10th Floor Lessor”), and Ian Schrager Hotels LLC, as 
original lessee, as referenced in the memorandum of lease dated as of February 12, 1999 and

ACTIVE 61730742v13

=== page 184 ===
Case 25-11853-KBO    Doc 396-2    Filed 03/31/26    Page 184 of 551

recorded March 23, 1999 in Reel 2841 Page 1872, as the 10th Floor Lease was assigned by 
Assignment and Assumption of Lease made by and between Ian Schrager Hotels LLC, as assignor, 
to Henry Hudson Holdings LLC, as assignee, dated as of February 12, 1999 and recorded March 
23, 1999 in Reel 2841 Page 1882, as the 10th Floor Lease was amended by an unrecorded 
Amendment to Lease made by and between Irving Schatz and Henry Hudson Holdings LLC dated 
as of August 17, 2004, as the 10th Floor Lease was further assigned by Assignment and Assumption 
of Ground Lease in Lieu of Foreclosure made by and between Henry Hudson Holdings LLC, as 
assignor, and Seller, as assignee, dated as of November 24, 2020; and (ii) that certain condominium 
unit known as the “Store Unit” in the Condominium (which is Unit 4 of the Condominium and 
which is also identified as Lot 1704), pursuant to that certain Lease dated January 1, 1999 (as 
amended and assigned pursuant to the following described transfers, the “Store Unit Lease”) made 
by Adrienne Schatz (a/k/a Adrienne Wechsler) and Cheryl Hirsch, jointly, as lessor (“Store Unit 
Lessor”, and together with the current 10th Floor Lessor, are herein collectively referred to as the 
“Lessors”) and Henry Hudson Holdings LLC, as original lessee, as evidenced by a memorandum 
of lease dated as of September 30, 1999 and recorded on October 27, 1999 in Reel 2979 Page 
2172, as the Store Unit Lease was amended by unrecorded Amendment to Lease dated as of 
September 30, 1999, as the Store Unit Lease was further amended by the unrecorded Amendment 
to Lease dated as of August 13, 2004, as the Store Unit Lease was assigned by Assignment and 
Assumption of Ground Lease in Lieu of Foreclosure made by and between Henry Hudson 
Holdings LLC, as assignor, and Seller, as assignee, dated as of November 24, 2020.  The 10th Floor 
Lease and Store Unit Lease are collectively herein referred to as the “Unit Leases”.  Seller acquired 
title to its leasehold interest in: (A) the 10th Floor Lease as the designee of Henry Hudson Holdings 
LLC’s Leasehold Mortgagee (as that term is defined in the 10th Floor Lease) by an assignment in 
lieu of foreclosure dated as of 11/24/2020 and recorded 12/4/2020 as CRFN 2020000344630; and 
(B) the Store Unit Lease as the designee of Henry Hudson Holdings LLC’s Leasehold Mortgagee 
(as that term is defined in the Store Unit Lease) by an assignment in lieu of foreclosure dated as of 
11/24/2020 and recorded 12/4/2020 as CRFN 2020000344629.  Seller’s right, title, and leasehold 
interest in and to the 10th Floor Unit and the Store Unit pursuant to the Unit Leases are herein 
collectively referred to as the “Leased Units”, with the Leased Units more particularly described 
on Exhibit A attached hereto.  The Owned Units and the Leased Units are herein collectively 
referred to as the “Units”;

NOW, THEREFORE, in consideration of the mutual promises and agreements 
contained in this Agreement and for other good and valuable consideration, the receipt and 
adequacy of which are hereby mutually acknowledged, Seller and Purchaser covenant and agree 
as follows:

Article 1. 
Premises.

1.1 
Premises.  Seller shall sell and convey to Purchaser, and Purchaser shall purchase 
from Seller, upon the terms, covenants and conditions hereinafter set forth all of Seller’s right, title 
and interest in and to:

(i) 
the Owned Units and any and all fixtures and improvements owned 
by Seller erected thereon and therein;

2 
ACTIVE 61730742v13

=== page 185 ===
Case 25-11853-KBO    Doc 396-2    Filed 03/31/26    Page 185 of 551

(ii) 
the Leased Units and any and all fixtures and improvements owned 
by Seller erected thereon and therein;

(iii) 
any equipment, appliances, building materials, fixtures and other 
similar personal property attached or appurtenant to the Units, to the extent owned by Seller and 
not owned by the Condominium or by any occupants occupying the single resident occupancy 
units set forth on the SRO Schedule (as hereinafter defined) within the Units (such occupants, 
collectively, “Tenants”), all in their presently existing “as is” condition and state of repair on the 
date hereof, subject to reasonable wear and tear between the date hereof and Closing Date 
(as hereinafter defined) (collectively, the “Fixtures”);

(iv) 
all easements, covenants and other rights adjoining or appurtenant 
to the Units (together with the Owned Units and the Leased Units, the “Real Property”);

(v) 
to the extent assignable, all warranties, if any, issued to the Seller by 
any manufacturer or contractor in connection with construction or installation of equipment or any 
component of the improvements included as part of the Units (the “Warranties”);

(vi) 
to the extent assignable, all governmental and public certificates, 
permits, licenses, entitlements, agreements, development rights, variances, waivers, estoppels, 
bonds, claims and rights (including those in favor of Seller from any contractor, subcontractor, 
manufacturer or other person relating to the construction, maintenance, operation or repair of the 
Real Property or any component thereof), and approvals relating to the operation, use, maintenance 
or occupancy of the Units, including, without limitation, any certificate(s) of occupancy 
(collectively, the “Permits”);

(vii) 
items of tangible personal property including, but not limited to, all 
furniture, fixtures, machinery, security systems, china, glassware, silverware, kitchen and bar small 
goods, guest supplies, operating supplies, printing, stationary and uniforms, whether in use or held in 
reserve storage in connection with the former operation of the Units as a hotel, reserve stock of linens, 
towels, paper goods, soaps, cleaning supplies and the like with respect to the former operation of 
the Units as a hotel, and other tangible personal property of every kind and nature located in the 
Units and owned by Seller (collectively, the “Personal Property”) other than the personal property 
listed on Schedule L attached hereto (the “Excluded Personal Property”); and

(viii) all management, service and maintenance contracts or other 
agreements of similar nature affecting the Premises or the operation thereof (collectively, the 
“Service Contracts”) which Purchaser has elected in its sole and absolute discretion at least forty-
five (45) days prior to the Closing Date to assume (the “Designated Service Contracts”), and which 
Designated Service Contracts shall remain in effect after Closing, as the same may be amended, 
modified or extended from time to time in accordance with the terms of this Agreement.

All of the foregoing shall collectively be referred to herein as the “Premises”.

3 
ACTIVE 61730742v13

=== page 186 ===
Case 25-11853-KBO    Doc 396-2    Filed 03/31/26    Page 186 of 551

Article 2. 
Purchase Price.

2.1 
The purchase price for the Premises is TWO HUNDRED SEVEN MILLION FIVE 
HUNDRED THOUSAND and 00/100 DOLLARS ($207,500,000.00) (the “Purchase Price”), and 
is payable by Purchaser as follows:

(a) 
Purchaser shall deposit TEN MILLION and 00/100 DOLLARS 
($10,000,000.00) (the “Deposit”), with First American Title Insurance Company (“Escrow 
Agent”), by wire transfer of immediately available Federal funds, on or before 5:00 P.M. (New 
York time) on the date that is two (2) Business Days after the execution of this Agreement by 
Purchaser and Seller, as a downpayment toward the Purchase Price, which Deposit shall be non-
refundable (except as otherwise set forth herein) and held and disbursed by Escrow Agent pursuant 
to the terms and conditions of this Agreement.  Upon receipt by Escrow Agent of the Deposit, 
Escrow Agent shall cause the Deposit to be deposited into an interest-bearing account at a national 
bank selected by Escrow Agent.  All interest on the Deposit becomes part of the Deposit and any 
interest thereon will be applied to payment of the Purchase Price at Closing.

(b) 
The balance of the Purchase Price, in an amount equal to the difference 
between the Purchase Price and the Deposit, subject to adjustments and credits as provided for 
herein (the “Balance”) shall be paid by Purchaser on the Closing Date (as hereinafter defined), by 
wire transfer of immediately available Federal funds to an account or accounts designated by Seller 
(which Closing and wire transfer shall be facilitated through Escrow Agent).

(c) 
Purchaser and Seller shall exercise commercially reasonable efforts to agree 
upon the allocation of the Purchase Price between the Real Property, on the one hand, and the 
Personal Property, Fixtures, Warranties, and Permits, on the other hand, prior to Closing.  With 
respect to the remaining allocation of the Purchase Price allocable to the Real Property, Seller and 
Purchaser agree to allocate 10-15% to any right, title and interest in and to the land (and land-
equivalents) being conveyed, and 85-90% to any right, title and interest in and to the Building 
being conveyed.  If Purchaser and Seller cannot agree upon the allocation of the Purchase Price, 
each party shall file federal, state and local returns based on each party’s own determination of the 
proper allocations of the Purchase Price, each bearing its own consequences of any discrepancies; 
provided, however, that Seller’s allocation shall be used for all transfer tax and similar filings.

Article 3. 
Closing.

3.1 
Closing of title to the Premises (the “Closing”) shall take place on April 4, 2022, 
through an escrow-style closing conducted by the Escrow Agent and Title Company, whereby 
Purchaser and Seller and their respective attorneys consummate the Closing without being 
physically present at the offices of the Escrow Agent or Title Company to exchange closing 
documents and required funds through escrow, TIME BEING OF THE ESSENCE with respect to 
Purchaser’s and Seller’s obligation to close on or before 3:00 pm EST on such date (such date 
hereinafter referred to as the “Closing Date”).  Notwithstanding the foregoing, Purchaser shall 
have a one-time right to extend the Closing Date by a period not to exceed thirty (30) days, such 
right exercisable by giving notice thereof to Seller at least five (5) Business Days before the then-
scheduled Closing Date.  Notwithstanding the notice methods provided for in Article 17, the

4 
ACTIVE 61730742v13

=== page 187 ===
Case 25-11853-KBO    Doc 396-2    Filed 03/31/26    Page 187 of 551

foregoing Closing Date extension notice may be provided solely by electronic mail delivery from 
counsel for Purchaser to counsel for Seller.

Article 4. 
Permitted Exceptions.

4.1 
The Premises shall be sold and conveyed, and Purchaser shall accept title to the 
Premises, subject to the following matters (collectively, the “Permitted Exceptions”):

(a) 
The matters set forth on Schedule A hereof;

(b) 
The Unit Leases;

(c) 
All covenants, easements, reservations, restrictions and agreements of 
record, affecting the Premises, provided same do not prohibit or interfere in any material respect 
with the current use of the Premises;

(d) 
Any and all present and future laws, regulations, restrictions, requirements, 
ordinances, resolutions and orders affecting the Premises, including, without limitation, any laws 
relating to zoning, building, environmental protection and the use and occupancy of the Premises;

(e) 
Real estate taxes that are a lien, but are not yet due and payable, subject to 
adjustment at Closing, as provided for herein;

(f) 
Grants made prior to the date hereof of licenses or easements or other rights 
in favor of any public or private utility company or governmental entity for, or pertaining to, 
utilities, sewers, water mains or drainage, whether or not of record, provided same do not prohibit 
or interfere in any material respect with the current use of the Premises;

(g) 
The state of facts shown on or by the survey prepared by Montrose 
Surveying Co., LLP., with a survey update date of January 10, 2022 (the “Survey”), and any 
additional state of facts or physical condition which a current accurate survey or physical 
inspection of the Premises would disclose, provided same do not prohibit or interfere in any 
material respect with the current use of the Premises;

(h) 
Intentionally omitted;

(i) 
The lien of any water charges or sewer rents that are not yet due and payable, 
subject to adjustment as hereinafter provided;

(j) 
Rights of Tenants to occupy rooms or units within the Premises;

(k) 
The Condominium Documents;

(l) 
Any other matters that would constitute objections to title under Section 5.1 
and with respect to which the Title Company (as hereinafter defined) certifies that it will insure 
title to the Premises free of such matters, at regular rates without the payment of additional 
premiums, for the Purchaser and Purchaser’s successors and assigns; and

5 
ACTIVE 61730742v13

=== page 188 ===
Case 25-11853-KBO    Doc 396-2    Filed 03/31/26    Page 188 of 551

(m) 
The standard printed exceptions appearing on the title policy to be issued 
by the Title Company.

4.2 
The Permitted Exceptions shall not constitute grounds for objection by Purchaser, 
and Seller shall have no obligation to remove any Permitted Exception as a condition to 
Purchaser’s obligation to purchase the Premises in accordance with this Agreement.  
Notwithstanding anything to the contrary in this Article 4, on or prior to the Closing Date, Seller 
shall pay, discharge and otherwise remove of record, at Seller’s sole cost and expense, all of the 
following: (i) any mortgages, deeds of trust or other security instruments for any financing placed 
by Seller on the Real Property and all of the mortgages as reflected in the Mortgage Schedule of 
the Commitment (defined herein) and set forth on Schedule E hereof, (ii) taxes that are then due 
and payable or delinquent as of Closing, (iii) liens and other encumbrances (other than Permitted 
Exceptions) which Seller has intentionally placed on the Real Property whether existing before or 
after the date hereof, (iv) any mechanic’s lien except (x) those resulting from the acts or omissions 
of Purchaser or Purchaser’s agents and (y) those which are the responsibility of any Unit Lessor 
under the Unit Leases, (v) all financing statements and other liens or encumbrances that secures 
indebtedness of Seller including those set forth on  Schedule E hereof, (vi) judgment liens against 
the Seller, and (vii) any other title exception (which is not a Permitted Exception) that may be 
removed by payment of an ascertainable and liquidated amount which in the aggregate does not 
exceed $2,100,000.00 (collectively, the “Mandatory Removal Items”).  Seller shall pay, discharge, 
and otherwise remove of record on or prior to Closing, at Seller’s sole cost and expense, all 
Mandatory Removal Items regardless of whether or not Purchaser provides written notice of the 
requirement to pay, discharge, and otherwise remove the Mandatory Removal Items.

Article 5. 
State of Title; Objections.

5.1 
Purchaser acknowledges receipt of (i) that certain Title Examination Report issued 
by Royal Abstract of New York LLC (“Title Company”) as agent for Escrow Agent under Title 
No. 915047 with effective date of December 8, 2021 (the “Commitment”), and (ii) the Survey.  At 
Closing, Purchaser may cause title to the Premises to be insured by the Title Company at 
Purchaser’s sole cost and expense.  Except as otherwise expressly provided in this Agreement, 
Seller shall have no obligation to remove any exception to title other than the Mandatory Removal 
Items.  Purchaser unconditionally waives any right to object to any matters set forth in the 
Commitment and the Survey, except for the Mandatory Removal Items and those matters set forth 
in the Commitment and listed on Schedule E attached hereto and incorporated herein.  If exceptions 
to title appear on any update or continuation of the Commitment (each a “Continuation”) which 
are not Permitted Exceptions, Purchaser shall notify Seller thereof in writing within the earlier of 
five (5) Business Days after Purchaser receives such Continuation and the last Business Day prior 
to the Closing Date, TIME BEING OF THE ESSENCE, and Seller shall have five (5) Business 
Days (with any attendant extension of the Closing Date if Purchaser’s written notice if delivered 
less than five (5) Business Days prior to the then scheduled Closing Date) to elect to attempt to 
eliminate such exception or not.  If Seller fails to respond after such five (5) Business Day period 
it shall be deemed that Seller has elected not to eliminate such exceptions.  If Seller is unable, or 
elects not to attempt, to eliminate such exceptions to title, or if Seller elects to attempt to eliminate 
any such exceptions to title but is unable to do so or thereafter decides not to eliminate the same, 
and accordingly, is unable to convey title to the Premises in accordance with the provisions of this 
Agreement, Seller shall so notify Purchaser and, within five (5) Business Days after receipt of such

6 
ACTIVE 61730742v13

=== page 189 ===
Case 25-11853-KBO    Doc 396-2    Filed 03/31/26    Page 189 of 551

notice from Seller, Purchaser shall elect either (i) to terminate this Agreement by notice given to 
Seller and Escrow Agent (TIME BEING OF THE ESSENCE with respect to Purchaser’s 
notice), in which event, neither party to this Agreement shall have any further rights or obligations 
hereunder, except that Escrow Agent shall refund to Purchaser the Deposit (together with all 
interest thereon, if any) and except for the rights and obligations hereunder that expressly survive 
the termination of this Agreement, or (ii) to accept title to the Premises subject to such exceptions, 
without any abatement of the Purchase Price. If Purchaser shall not notify Seller of such election 
within such five (5) Business Day period, TIME BEING OF THE ESSENCE, Purchaser shall 
be deemed to have elected clause (ii) above with the same force and effect as if Purchaser had 
elected clause (ii) within such five (5) Business Day period.  Notwithstanding the notice methods 
provided for in Article 17, the notices provided for in this Section 5.1 may be provided solely by 
electronic mail delivery by counsel for either party.

5.2 
If the Commitment or any Continuation discloses judgments, bankruptcies or 
similar returns against persons or entities having names the same as or similar to that of Seller but 
which returns are not against Seller, Seller, on request, shall deliver to Purchaser and Title 
Company affidavits reasonably acceptable to Seller and Title Company to the effect that such 
judgments, bankruptcies or returns are not against Seller, in form and substance sufficient to permit 
removal of same as exceptions in Purchaser’s title policy.

5.3 
If the Commitment or any Continuation discloses exceptions (other than the 
Permitted Exceptions) which (i) may be removed solely by reference to Seller’s existing title 
policy, or (ii) were created, consented to or affirmatively permitted by Seller in writing after the 
date hereof, then Seller shall remove such exceptions.  Notwithstanding the foregoing, Seller, at 
its option in lieu of satisfying such exceptions, may deposit with Title Company such amount of 
money and provide such documentation, affidavits and indemnities as may be reasonably 
determined by Title Company as being sufficient to induce it to insure Purchaser against collection 
of such liens and/or encumbrances, including interest and penalties, out of or against the Real 
Property, in which event such exceptions shall not be objections to title.

5.4 
Seller shall be entitled to one or more adjournments of the Closing Date, not to 
exceed sixty (60) days in the aggregate, to remove any exceptions to title which Seller is obligated 
to remove under this Agreement or elects to attempt, but is not obligated, to remove.

5.5 
Notwithstanding the foregoing provisions of this Article 5, in the event that Title 
Company or any title company retained by Purchaser shall raise an exception to title which is not 
a Permitted Exception, Seller shall have no obligation to eliminate such exception and Purchaser 
shall have no right to terminate the Agreement by reason of such exception (and such exception 
shall be deemed a Permitted Exception) if Title Company or a nationally recognized title company, 
as applicable, shall be prepared to insure title to the Premises at regular rates without such 
exception.

5.6 
Purchaser shall pay the costs of examination of title and any owner’s or mortgagee’s 
policy of title insurance to be issued insuring Purchaser’s title to the Premises, as well as all other 
title charges, survey fees, recording charges (other than to remove of record or satisfy Mandatory 
Removal Items and the costs to remove, satisfy or cure such other exceptions and title matters

7 
ACTIVE 61730742v13

=== page 190 ===
Case 25-11853-KBO    Doc 396-2    Filed 03/31/26    Page 190 of 551

which Seller elects to cure pursuant to Section 5.1) and any and all other title and survey costs or 
expenses incident to the Closing or in connection therewith.

5.7 
Notwithstanding anything in this Article 5 hereof to the contrary, Purchaser may at 
any time accept such title as Seller can convey, without reduction of the Purchase Price or any 
credit or allowance on account thereof or any claim against Seller.  The acceptance of the Deed by 
Purchaser shall be deemed to be full performance of, and discharge of, every agreement and 
obligation on Seller’s part to be performed under this Agreement, except for the documents 
delivered at Closing and such matters which are expressly stated in this Agreement to survive the 
Closing, to the limit of such survival.

5.8 
At Closing, Seller shall convey, transfer, grant and set over to Purchaser, fee simple 
title to the Owned Units and leasehold title to the Leased Units, free and clear of encumbrances, 
except only the Permitted Exceptions and any other encumbrances and exceptions expressly 
approved by Purchaser in writing.

Article 6. 
Responsibility for Violations.

6.1 
Purchaser shall acquire the Premises subject to all violations of building, fire, 
sanitary, environmental, housing and similar laws and regulations, whether or not noted or issued 
on the date hereof or on the Closing Date (collectively, “Violations”), including, but not limited 
to, those the removal of or compliance with which are the responsibility of Tenants, Unit Lessors 
under the Unit Leases or the Board of Managers under the Condominium Documents.   Seller shall 
have no obligation to cure or remove any Violations on or before Closing, except that Seller shall 
be responsible for, and pay at Closing, any penalties or fines imposed on or before the Closing in 
connection with any Violations issued with respect to the Premises prior to the Closing Date (it 
being understood and agreed that it shall be Purchaser’s responsibility, at its sole cost and expense, 
to pay any fines or penalties that accrue or arise after the Closing Date, even if the Violation was 
assessed or noted prior to the Closing Date).

Article 7. 
Condition of the Premises; “As-Is”; Rights of Inspection.

7.1 
Purchaser shall accept the Premises at the Closing in its “as is” condition as of the 
date hereof and as of the Closing Date, reasonable wear and tear and any further deterioration of 
the condition of the Premises caused by or arising out of any casualty that may have occurred prior 
to the date hereof excepted, and subject to (x) the provisions of Article 12 hereof in the event of a 
casualty or condemnation and (y) Seller’s compliance with the covenants contained in Article 13 
hereof.  Seller shall not be liable for any latent or patent defects in the Premises or bound in any 
manner whatsoever by any guarantees, promises, projections, operating expenses or other 
information pertaining to the Premises made, furnished or claimed to have been made or furnished, 
whether orally or in writing, by Seller, the Boards of Managers of the Condominium (the “Board 
of Managers”) under the Condominium Documents, the Lessors or any other person or entity, or 
any partner, employee, agent, attorney or other person representing or purporting to represent 
Seller, except to the extent expressly set forth in this Agreement or in any document or instrument 
expressly required in this Agreement to be delivered at Closing (collectively, the “Closing 
Documents”).  Purchaser acknowledges that neither Seller nor any of the employees, agents or 
attorneys of Seller have made or do make any oral or written representations or warranties

8 
ACTIVE 61730742v13

=== page 191 ===
Case 25-11853-KBO    Doc 396-2    Filed 03/31/26    Page 191 of 551

whatsoever to Purchaser, whether express or implied, except as expressly set forth in this 
Agreement or in any Closing Document, and, in particular, that no such representations and 
warranties have been made by Seller with respect to the physical, environmental condition or 
operation of the Premises, the presence, introduction or effect of hazardous materials at or affecting 
the Premises, the actual or projected revenue and expenses of the Premises, the zoning and other 
laws, regulations and rules or environmental laws applicable to the Premises or the compliance of 
the Premises therewith, the current or future real estate tax liability, assessment or valuation of the 
Premises, the availability of any financing for the alteration, rehabilitation or operation of the 
Premises from any source, including, without limitation, any state, city or Federal government or 
any institutional lender, the current or future use of the Premises, including, without limitation, the 
use for residential or commercial purposes, the present and future condition and operating state of 
any and all machinery or equipment in the Premises and the present or future structural and 
physical condition of the Building or its suitability for rehabilitation or renovation, the ownership 
or state of title of any Personal Property, the quantity, quality or condition of the Personal Property 
or Fixtures, the use or occupancy of the Premises or any part thereof, or any other matter or thing 
affecting or relating to the Premises, or the transactions contemplated hereby, except as specifically 
set forth in this Agreement or in any Closing Document.

7.2 
Purchaser has not relied and is not relying upon any representations or warranties 
or upon any statements made in any informational materials with respect to the Premises provided 
by Seller or any other person or entity, or any shareholder, employee, agent, attorney or other 
person representing or purporting to represent Seller, other than the representations and warranties 
expressly set forth in this Agreement or in any Closing Document.

7.3 
PURCHASER ACKNOWLEDGES THAT SELLER AND CERTAIN OF ITS 
AFFILIATES, AGENTS, ATTORNEYS, CONSULTANTS AND REPRESENTATIVES 
PROVIDED TO PURCHASER OR MADE AVAILABLE TO PURCHASER (IN THE DATA 
ROOM, DELIVERED (VIA EMAIL) DIRECTLY TO PURCHASER AND/OR PURCHASER’S 
AGENTS AND CONSULTANTS INCLUDING ITS ATTORNEYS, OR CONTAINED IN THE 
SCHEDULES AND EXHIBITS ANNEXED HERETO), CERTAIN DUE DILIGENCE 
MATERIALS IN SELLER’S POSSESSION RELATING TO THE PREMISES AND THE USE 
AND OPERATION THEREOF (WITH ALL SUCH DOCUMENTS AND MATERIALS 
HERETOFORE PROVIDED TO PURCHASER OR PURCHASER’S AGENTS, TOGETHER 
WITH ANY COPIES OR REPRODUCTIONS OF SUCH DOCUMENTS OR MATERIALS, OR 
ANY SUMMARIES, ABSTRACTS COMPILATIONS OR OTHER ANALYSES MADE BY OR 
FOR PURCHASER BASED ON THE INFORMATION IN SUCH DOCUMENTS OR 
MATERIALS REFERRED TO COLLECTIVELY HEREIN AS “SELLER DUE DILIGENCE 
MATERIALS”).  PURCHASER ACKNOWLEDGES AND AGREES THAT ANY SELLER 
DUE DILIGENCE MATERIALS DELIVERED OR TO BE DELIVERED BY ANY SELLER 
RELATED PARTIES TO PURCHASER ARE BEING MADE AVAILABLE SOLELY AS AN 
ACCOMMODATION TO PURCHASER AND, OTHER THAN AS EXPRESSLY SET FORTH 
IN THIS AGREEMENT OR IN ANY CLOSING DOCUMENT, WITHOUT ANY 
REPRESENTATION OR WARRANTY OF ANY SELLER RELATED PARTY AS TO THEIR 
ACCURACY OR COMPLETENESS OF FACTS OR OPINIONS SET FORTH THEREIN AND 
THAT ANY RELIANCE BY PURCHASER ON SUCH REPORTS OR OTHER DOCUMENTS 
IN CONNECTION WITH THE PURCHASE OF THE PREMISES IS UNDERTAKEN AT 
PURCHASER’S SOLE RISK.  OTHER THAN AS EXPRESSLY SET FORTH IN THIS

9 
ACTIVE 61730742v13

=== page 192 ===
Case 25-11853-KBO    Doc 396-2    Filed 03/31/26    Page 192 of 551

AGREEMENT OR IN ANY CLOSING DOCUMENT, PURCHASER AGREES THAT NO 
SELLER RELATED PARTY HAS ANY LIABILITY OR OBLIGATION WHATSOEVER FOR 
ANY INACCURACY IN OR OMISSION FROM THE SELLER DUE DILIGENCE 
MATERIALS, OFFERING MATERIALS PREPARED IN CONNECTION WITH THE SALE 
OF THE PROPERTY OR ANY REPORT OR OTHER DOCUMENTS MADE AVAILABLE TO 
PURCHASER OR PURCHASER’S AGENTS.  PURCHASER ACKNOWLEDGES THAT 
SELLER HAS PROVIDED THE OPPORTUNITY FOR PURCHASER TO MAKE 
INSPECTIONS AND THAT PURCHASER HAS CONDUCTED ITS OWN INVESTIGATION 
OF THE CONDITION OF THE PREMISES, TO THE EXTENT PURCHASER DEEMS SUCH 
AN INVESTIGATION TO BE NECESSARY OR APPROPRIATE.

7.4 
Without limiting the generality of the foregoing, Purchaser acknowledges that it 
has had an opportunity to conduct its own investigation of the Premises with regard to Hazardous 
Materials and compliance of the Premises with Relevant Environmental Laws.  Purchaser agrees 
to take title to the Premises subject to all costs and liabilities arising out of or in any way relating 
to Hazardous Materials and Relevant Environmental Laws, and Purchaser acknowledges that 
Seller shall not have any responsibility for any such costs and liabilities.  Purchaser hereby releases 
Seller, its principals and affiliates, and their respective officers, directors, members, managers, 
partners, agents, employees, successors and assigns (collectively, the “Seller Related Parties”), 
from and against any and all claims, counterclaims and causes of action which Purchaser may now 
or in the future have against any of the foregoing parties arising out of the existence of Hazardous 
Materials affecting the Premises.  For purposes of this Agreement: the term “Hazardous Materials” 
means any mold, solid wastes, toxic or hazardous substances, wastes or contaminants, 
polychlorinated biphenyls, paint or other materials containing lead, urea formaldehyde foam 
insulation, radon, asbestos, and asbestos containing material, petroleum product and any fraction 
thereof as any of these terms is defined in or for the purposes of any Relevant Environmental Laws 
(as hereinafter defined), and any Pathogen (as hereinafter defined); the term “Pathogen” means 
any pathogen, toxin or other biological agent or condition, including but not limited to, any fungus, 
mold, mycotoxin or microbial volatile organic compound; and the term “Relevant Environmental 
Laws” means  any and all laws, rules, regulations, orders and directives, whether federal, state or 
local, applicable to the Premises or any part thereof with respect to the environmental condition of 
the Premises or any part thereof, and any activities conducted on or at the Premises, including by 
way of example and not limitation: (i) Hazardous Materials; (ii) air emissions, water discharges, 
and any other environmental, health or safety matter; (iii) the existence of any underground storage 
tanks that contained or contain Hazardous Materials; and (iv) the existence of pcb contained 
electrical equipment.

7.5 
Intentionally omitted.

7.6 
Purchaser hereby releases Seller and the Seller Related Parties, from and against 
any and all claims, counterclaims and causes of action which Purchaser may now or in the future 
have against any of the foregoing parties arising out of the existence of Hazardous Materials  
affecting the Premises.

7.7 
Purchaser and/or Purchaser’s designees, agents, advisors, representatives, 
employees, consultants, appraisers, engineers, contractors and prospective lenders and such 
prospective lenders’ agents, advisors and representatives (“Purchaser’s Representatives”), from

10 
ACTIVE 61730742v13

=== page 193 ===
Case 25-11853-KBO    Doc 396-2    Filed 03/31/26    Page 193 of 551

time to time before the Closing and during regular business hours, upon at least two (2) Business 
Days’ prior written notice to Seller, may inspect the Premises, provided that (i) Purchaser shall not 
communicate with any employees of Seller or  Seller’s managers or contractors or with Tenants 
or occupants of the Premises without, in each instance, the prior written consent of Seller, which 
consent may be withheld in Seller’s sole discretion, (ii) Purchaser shall not perform any tests with 
respect to such Premises without the prior written consent of Seller in each instance, which consent 
shall not be unreasonably withheld, conditioned or delayed; provided however, if such tests are 
invasive Seller shall have the right to withhold its consent to such tests in its sole and absolute 
discretion, and (iii) Purchaser shall have no additional rights or remedies under this Agreement as 
a result of such inspection(s) or any findings in connection therewith.  Without limiting the 
foregoing, Purchaser agrees that it shall not have any so-called “due diligence period” and that it 
shall have no right to terminate this Agreement or obtain a reduction of the Purchase Price as a 
result of such inspection(s) or any findings in connection therewith (including relating to the 
physical condition of the Premises, the operation of the Premises or otherwise).  Any entry upon 
the Premises shall be performed in a manner which is not disruptive to Tenants or the normal 
operation of the Premises and shall be subject to the rights of any Tenants or occupants of the 
Premises.  Purchaser shall (i) exercise reasonable care at all times that Purchaser and/or 
Purchaser’s Representatives shall be present in the Premises, (ii) at Purchaser’s expense, observe 
and comply with all applicable laws and any conditions imposed by any insurance policy then in 
effect with respect to the Premises and (iii) not engage in any activities which would violate the 
provisions of any permit or license pertaining to the Premises.  Seller shall have the right to have 
a representative of Seller accompany Purchaser during any such communication or entry into or 
upon the Premises.

7.8 
Purchaser hereby agrees to indemnify, defend and hold Seller, its officers, 
shareholders, partners, members, directors, employees, attorneys and agents harmless from and 
against any and all liability, actual loss, cost, judgment, claim, damages or expense (including, 
without limitation, attorneys’ fees and expenses), resulting from or arising out of the entry upon 
the Premises before the Closing by Purchaser or Purchaser’s Representatives, other than (x) the 
mere discovery of pre-existing conditions, except to the extent such pre-existing conditions were 
exacerbated by the entry upon the Premises before the Closing by Purchaser or Purchaser’s 
Representatives, and (y) those resulting from gross negligence or willful misconduct of Seller or 
its representatives.  The foregoing indemnification shall survive the Closing or the termination of 
this Agreement.

7.9 
As a condition precedent to entering the Premises in connection with any 
inspection, Purchaser shall maintain or cause to be maintained, at Purchaser’s sole cost and 
expense, a policy of comprehensive general public liability and property damage insurance by an 
insurer or syndicate of insurers reasonably acceptable to Seller: (A) with a combined single limit 
of not less than One Million Dollars ($1,000,000.00) general liability and Three Million Dollars 
($3,000,000.00) excess umbrella liability, (B) insuring Purchaser, Seller, Existing Manager, each 
of their respective affiliates, Seller’s lender and any other person or entity related to Seller or 
involved with the transaction contemplated by this Agreement (such additional persons or entities 
to be designated in writing by Seller), as additional insureds, against any injuries or damages to 
persons or property that may result from or are related to (x) Purchaser’s entry into the Premises 
or upon the Premises and (y) any inspection or other activity conducted thereon by Purchaser’s 
Representatives and (C) containing a provision to the effect that insurance provided by Purchaser

11 
ACTIVE 61730742v13

=== page 194 ===
Case 25-11853-KBO    Doc 396-2    Filed 03/31/26    Page 194 of 551

hereunder shall be primary and noncontributing with any other insurance available to Seller or any 
other additional insured party.  Purchaser shall deliver evidence of such insurance coverage to 
Seller before the commencement of the first inspection and proof of continued coverage before 
any subsequent inspection.

7.10 
Notwithstanding any provision in this Agreement to the contrary, neither Purchaser 
nor any of Purchaser’s Representatives shall contact any federal, state, county, municipal or other 
department or governmental agency regarding the Premises without Seller’s prior written consent 
thereto, in each instance; provided, however, that the foregoing shall not prohibit Purchaser from 
accessing publicly accessible governmental records and databases from time to time or from 
contacting governmental authorities to obtain zoning verification letters and similar documentation 
necessary to complete a zoning report.  In addition, if Seller’s consent is obtained by Purchaser, 
Seller shall be entitled to receive at least five (5) Business Days prior written notice of the intended 
contact and shall be entitled to have a representative present when Purchaser and/or Purchaser’s 
Representatives has any such contact with any governmental official or representative.  
Notwithstanding the foregoing, Purchaser shall be permitted, at its sole cost and expense, to file 
applications for permits for the matters described on Schedule J attached hereto (collectively, the 
“Allowed Applications”) prior to the Closing Date as a “contract vendee” (and not as the owner of 
the Premises), provided that, at least five (5) Business Days prior to the date on which Purchaser 
anticipates submitting any such Allowed Application, Purchaser provides Seller with a complete 
copy of the subject Allowed Application, together with all submission materials attendant thereto, 
for Seller’s review.  Purchaser agrees to make such modifications, clarification or corrections 
reasonably requested by Seller to confirm that the application is being submitted as a “contract 
vendee” and imposing no obligations or liabilities upon Seller, as the owner of the Premises, 
provided that Seller provides written notice of such reasonably requested modifications, 
clarification or corrections to Purchaser within five (5) Business Days after receipt of Purchaser’s 
Allowed Application, together with all submission materials attendant thereto (and failure of Seller 
to provide written notice of any reasonably requested modifications, clarification or corrections 
within that five (5) Business Day period shall be deemed Seller’s confirmation of the 
corresponding Allowed Application, together with all submission materials attendant thereto, it 
being understood that Seller’s posing of questions regarding such documentation during the five 
(5) Business Day period shall mean that the Allowed Application is not deemed confirmed).  Upon 
satisfying the foregoing, Purchaser shall be permitted to submit such Allowed Application to the 
appropriate governmental authority. Except for the Allowed Applications, in no event shall 
Purchaser be permitted to file any applications, requests, certifications or permits (including, 
without  limitation, any application for a Certificate of No Harassment) with the NYS Department 
of Housing and Community Renewal, the NYC Department of Housing Preservation and 
Development, the NYC Department of City Planning, or other governmental agencies, without the 
prior written consent of Seller, which may be granted or withheld in its sole discretion.  If the 
Closing does not occur for any reason hereunder, Purchaser agrees to take such steps as are 
necessary to rescind or otherwise terminate the Allowed Applications submitted and/or the 
evaluation processes engaged by the applicable governmental agencies associated with the 
submission of such Allowed Applications.  Any breach of the foregoing covenants shall constitute 
a default by Purchaser hereunder.  Purchaser agrees to indemnify and hold harmless Seller and the 
Seller Related Parties for any loss, cost, expense, or damage suffered by Seller as a result of or 
arising out of (x) any breach or violation of the foregoing covenants and (y) claims made by 
Tenants or other Persons who become aware of the filing of the Allowed Applications.  The

12 
ACTIVE 61730742v13

=== page 195 ===
Case 25-11853-KBO    Doc 396-2    Filed 03/31/26    Page 195 of 551

foregoing provisions of this Section 7.10 shall survive the Closing or earlier termination of this 
Agreement.

7.11 
The provisions of this Article 7 shall survive the Closing.

Article 8. 
Representations and Warranties.

8.1 
Seller hereby represents and warrants to Purchaser that the following are true and 
correct in all material respects as of the Effective Date:

(a) 
This Agreement constitutes, and each document and instrument to be 
executed and delivered by Seller hereunder (collectively, the “Seller’s Documents”), when so 
executed and delivered, shall constitute, the legal, valid and binding obligations of Seller, 
enforceable in accordance with their respective terms, covenants and conditions.

(b) 
Seller (i)  is a limited liability company duly organized in the State of 
Delaware and licensed and/or qualified to conduct business in the State of New York; (ii) has all 
requisite power and authority to enter into this Agreement and to consummate the transactions 
contemplated hereby; (iii) has full power and authority to enter into and perform this Agreement 
and to enter into the documents to be executed and delivered in accordance with the terms hereof; 
and (iv) has full power and authority to consummate the transactions as contemplated herein.

(c) 
Neither the entering into of this Agreement, nor the consummation of the 
transactions contemplated hereunder, will constitute a violation or breach by Seller of any contract, 
writ, order, judgment, or other instrument or agreement to which Seller is a party, or to which it is 
subject to by which any of its assets or properties may be affected, or of any judgment, order, writ, 
injunction or decree issued against or imposed upon it, or result in a violation of any applicable 
law, ordinance, rule or regulation of any governmental authority affecting Seller.  The execution, 
delivery and performance of this Agreement by Seller, and the consummation of the transactions 
contemplated hereby, do not require Seller to obtain any consent, authorization, or approval which 
has not already been obtained.

(d) 
Seller is not subject to any pending voluntary or involuntary reorganization, 
liquidation, receivership, or other proceedings under any federal, state or local insolvency, 
liquidation, reorganization or similar type laws.  Seller has not applied for, consented to, or is 
subject to the appointment of a receiver, trustee, custodian, liquidator or other similar official for 
itself or for all or a substantial part of its assets, and has not made an assignment for the benefit of 
creditors.

(e) 
To Seller’s knowledge, Seller has made available to Purchaser true and 
complete copies of the Unit Leases.  To Seller’s knowledge, the Unit Leases are in full force and 
effect and there are no monetary defaults or material non-monetary defaults of Seller, as lessee, or 
of Lessors, under the Unit Leases.

(f) 
The list of single resident occupancy units set forth on Schedule C (the 
“SRO Schedule”) sets forth the units occupied by Tenants affecting the Premises on the date of 
this Agreement and is the SRO Schedule relied on by Seller in the ordinary course operation of its 
business. There are no written lease, license or occupancy agreements evidencing such rights held

13 
ACTIVE 61730742v13

=== page 196 ===
Case 25-11853-KBO    Doc 396-2    Filed 03/31/26    Page 196 of 551

by Tenants.  There are no security deposits held by Seller on account of the Tenants.  Seller has 
disclosed to Purchaser that possession of unit number 2253 is in dispute.  Other than the list of 
units set forth on Schedule C, to Seller’s knowledge, the other units within the Real Property are 
vacant.  To Seller’s knowledge, there are no pending or threatened in writing claims of harassment 
from any occupants of the single resident occupancy units in the Real Property against Seller or 
the Real Property.

(g) 
Seller is not a party to, nor does Seller have actual knowledge of the 
existence of any, written leases, subleases or licenses affecting the Premises in which Seller holds 
the lessor’s, sublessor’s, licensor’s or grantor’s interest.  The August 28, 2000 Lease between 
Henry Hudson Holdings LLC (as landlord) and Hudson Leaseco LLC (as tenant) affecting the 
Real Property has been terminated, and the August 12, 2011 Lease between Henry Hudson 
Holdings LLC (as landlord) and 58th Street Bar Company, LLC (as tenant) has been terminated.

(h) 
There are no tax certiorari proceedings pending with respect to the Premises 
or any part thereof other than as set forth on Schedule B annexed hereto.

(i) 
Seller is not a Prohibited Person (as defined below).  The assets Seller will 
transfer to Purchaser under this Agreement are not the property of, and are not beneficially owned, 
directly or indirectly, by a Prohibited Person.  The assets Seller will transfer to Purchaser under 
this Agreement are not the proceeds of specified unlawful activity as defined by 18 U.S.C. 
§1956(c)(7).  For purposes hereof, a “Prohibited Person” means any of the following:  (i) a person 
or entity that is listed in the Annex to, or is otherwise subject to the provisions of, Executive Order 
No. 13224 on Terrorist Financing (effective September 24, 2001) (the “Executive Order”); (ii) a 
person or entity owned or controlled by, or acting for or on behalf of any person or entity that is 
listed in the Annex to, or is otherwise subject to the provisions of, the Executive Order; (iii) a 
person or entity that is named as a “specially designated national” or “blocked person” on the most 
current list published by the U.S. Treasury Department’s Office of Foreign Assets Control 
(“OFAC”) at its official website, http://www.treas.gov/offices/enforcement/ofac; (iv) a person or 
entity that is otherwise the target of any economic sanctions program currently administered by 
OFAC; or (v) a person or entity that is affiliated with any person or entity identified in any of 
clauses (i), (ii), (iii) and/or (iv) above.

(j) 
Seller is not a “foreign person” as defined in the Internal Revenue Code of 
1986, as amended (the “Code”) Withholding Section.

(k) 
To Seller’s knowledge, Seller has made available to Purchaser true and 
complete copies of the Condominium Documents.  A list of each of the Condominium Documents 
is included on Schedule D annexed hereto.  To Seller’s knowledge, the Condominium Documents 
are in full force and effect and Seller has not delivered a notice of default to the Board of Managers.  
There have been no Common Charges (as defined in the Condominium Documents) under the 
Condominium Documents charged by the Board of Managers for the calendar year period 
preceding the Effective Date and, accordingly, there are no Common Charges under the 
Condominium Documents due and payable as of the Effective Date.

(l) 
There are no judgments of any kind against Seller unpaid or unsatisfied of 
record, which would be expected to have a material adverse effect on Seller’s ability to perform

14 
ACTIVE 61730742v13

=== page 197 ===
Case 25-11853-KBO    Doc 396-2    Filed 03/31/26    Page 197 of 551

hereunder or, except as may be set forth in the Commitment, which would be binding on the 
Premises.  There is no material action, suit or proceeding to which Seller is a party, pending or, to 
Seller’s actual knowledge, threatened in writing against or affecting Seller or the Premises, which, 
if adversely determined, would (i) have a material adverse effect upon title to the Premises, (ii) 
prohibit or impair Seller from consummating the transactions contemplated hereby, or (iii) 
materially adversely affect the use or operation of the Premises.

(m) 
Except as set forth on Schedule H, there are no pending, or to Seller’s 
knowledge, threatened in writing, lawsuits, actions, complaints, claims, charges, arbitrations, 
investigations, grievances, administrative charges or proceedings before any governmental entity 
under the Labor and Employment Laws (as hereinafter defined), regarding employment 
discrimination, harassment, retaliation, safety, violations or any other employment-related charges 
or complaints, wage and hour claims, claims not covered by insurance for workers’ compensation 
or other benefits in connection with or related to the Hotel Employees (as defined in Article 16).

(n) 
Seller is not a party to any service, maintenance or similar contracts or 
agreements with respect to the Premises other than the Service Contracts set forth on Schedule I 
attached hereto.  Seller has made copies of the Service Contracts available to Purchaser, and to 
Seller’s knowledge, such copies are true, correct and complete in all material respects.  With 
respect to any Designated Service Contract that Purchaser elects to assume, neither Seller nor, to 
Seller’s knowledge, any other party is in material default under any Service Contract.  Seller is not 
a party to any property management agreement binding upon the Premises, other than the Existing 
PMA, of which Seller has made available to Purchaser a true and correct copy and which Existing 
PMA shall be terminated as of the Closing Date.

(o) 
There are no pending or, to Seller’s actual knowledge, threatened 
condemnation or eminent domain proceedings against the Premises.

(p) 
Intentionally omitted.

(q) 
Seller has not granted to any other person or entity, except Purchaser, any 
options, rights of first refusal or other purchase rights with respect to the Premises. Seller is not a 
party to any contract, agreement or commitment to sell, convey, assign, transfer, provide rights of 
first refusal, option rights or any other similar rights relating to the disposition of the Premises or 
any portion thereof.

(r) 
Seller has not received any written notice of any existing or proposed 
special assessments against the Premises.

(s) 
Except as disclosed by Seller to Purchaser prior to the date hereof and/or as 
set forth in the Seller Due Diligence Materials, Seller has not received written notice from any 
governmental authority of the presence of Hazardous Materials on, under or at the Premises in 
violation of Relevant Environmental Laws.

(t) 
Except as set forth on Schedule K, Seller has not received written notice of 
any Violations.

15 
ACTIVE 61730742v13

=== page 198 ===
Case 25-11853-KBO    Doc 396-2    Filed 03/31/26    Page 198 of 551

(u) 
Other than the Collective Bargaining Agreement (as defined in Article 16), 
Seller is not a party to or bound by, and the Premises are not subject to or bound by, any collective 
bargaining, labor or employment, or development, card check, or neutrality agreement with respect 
to any employees currently employed to provide services to the Premises or that may in the future 
be employed to provide services to the Premises, or with respect to the Premises itself.

(v) 
Seller has not experienced any strikes, committed any unfair labor practices, 
and is not aware of any allegations it has committed any unfair labor practice within the period of 
six months prior to the execution of this Agreement related to the employees represented by the 
Union.

(w) 
Other than the New York Hotel Trades Council and Hotel Association of 
New York City, Inc., Pension Fund, neither Seller nor any ERISA Affiliate of Seller has 
contributed or been obligated to contribute to any multiemployer pension plan with respect to the 
Premises.  For purposes of this Agreement, “ERISA Affiliate” means any entity, trade or business 
(whether or not incorporated) that is, or has ever been, a member of a “controlled group of 
corporations” with, or is under “common control” with, or is a member of the same “affiliated 
service group” with Seller or any of its affiliates, in each case, as defined in Sections 414(b), (c), 
(m) or (o) of the Code or is, or within the last six years, has been, treated as a single employer for 
purposes of Section 4001(b)(1) of ERISA.  To Seller’s knowledge, Existing Manager has paid all 
employee benefit contributions due to date required under the Collective Bargaining Agreement 
to the Union Employee Benefit Funds, and there are no pending or unresolved claims by the Union 
Employee Benefit Funds or any other multiemployer benefit plan for outstanding or owed 
contributions, arrears, delinquencies, or for compliance with any audit.  To Seller’s knowledge, no 
complete or partial withdrawal liability under Title IV of ERISA has occurred or been triggered 
with respect to the Premises during Seller’s period of ownership.

(x) 
Seller has not received any written notice claiming a breach of the 
Collective Bargaining Agreement or any violation of any applicable Labor and Employment Laws.

8.2 
The representations and warranties of Seller set forth in Section 8.1 (the “Surviving 
Seller Representations”) shall be deemed remade on, and shall be true and accurate in all material 
respects as of, the Closing Date.  The Surviving Seller Representations shall survive for one 
hundred fifty (150) days after the Closing Date (the “Survival Period”), provided, however, that if 
Purchaser makes a claim for a breach of any Surviving Seller Representation on or before the 
expiration of the Survival Period, the Survival Period shall be extended for those claims timely 
made until such claims are resolved by binding agreement of the parties or final judgment and 
expiration of applicable appeal periods.  Each Surviving Seller Representation shall automatically 
be null and void and of no further force and effect after the expiration of the Survival Period unless, 
prior to the end of the Survival Period, Purchaser shall have asserted in writing a specific claim 
with respect to the particular Surviving Seller Representation and commenced a legal proceeding 
(a “Proceeding”) within thirty (30) days thereafter against Seller alleging that Seller is in breach 
of such Surviving Seller Representation and that Purchaser has suffered actual damages 
(“Damages”) as a result thereof.  In no event shall Purchaser be entitled to assert any consequential, 
special or punitive damages with respect to any claims for a breach of Seller Representations 
pursuant to this Section 8.2, nor shall it be entitled to any award or payment based on such 
damages.  If Purchaser timely commences a Proceeding, and a court of competent jurisdiction,

16 
ACTIVE 61730742v13

=== page 199 ===
Case 25-11853-KBO    Doc 396-2    Filed 03/31/26    Page 199 of 551

pursuant to a final, non-appealable order in connection with such Proceeding, determines that (1) 
the applicable Surviving Seller Representation was breached as of the date of this Agreement or 
the Closing Date and (2) Purchaser suffered Damages by reason of such breach and (3) Purchaser 
did not have knowledge or was not deemed to have knowledge of such breach prior to the Closing, 
then Purchaser shall be entitled to receive an amount equal to the Damages, but in no event in an 
amount greater than the Ceiling (as hereinafter defined); provided, however, Purchaser shall not 
be entitled to pursue any claim against Seller for damage to Purchaser that, when combined with 
all other claims  against Seller for breaches of Surviving Seller Representations, is less than the 
Floor (as hereinafter defined) in the aggregate.  If Purchaser has claim(s) against Seller, in excess 
of the Floor, then Purchaser shall be entitled to pursue the actual loss suffered by Purchaser in 
connection with such claim(s) against Seller (including, without limitation, recovery of all amounts 
below and above the Floor), but in no event shall Seller’s liability for any and all claims exceed 
the Ceiling.  For purposes of this Section 8.2, Purchaser shall be deemed to have knowledge of: 
(i) any matter disclosed in any exhibit or schedule to this Agreement, (ii) any matters disclosed in 
any document or written materials provided by Seller to Purchaser prior to the Closing (including, 
without limitation, those materials posted in the electronic data room located at 
https://app.box.com/folder/152329405383?s=r3cxvlnntp4q8hh46fl0bi6kgzljxtuf), (iii) any other 
matter disclosed in due diligence reports or inspections obtained by Purchaser in connection with 
the transactions contemplated by this Agreement, and (iv) any matter disclosed by Seller pursuant 
to a written update to Seller’s representations or warranties in accordance with this Agreement. As 
used herein, “Floor” shall mean with respect to any claim or claims against Seller for breach of 
any Surviving Seller Representation, FIFTY THOUSAND AND NO/100 Dollars ($50,000.00), 
and “Ceiling” shall mean TWO MILLION ONE HUNDRED THOUSAND AND NO/100  Dollars 
($2,100,000.00), provided, however, that the Ceiling shall not apply with respect to: (x) all of the 
credits and prorations Purchaser is entitled to pursuant to this Agreement; and (y) Seller’s 
indemnification obligations of Purchaser pursuant to Section 14.1(b) and Article 16 of this 
Agreement.  The provisions of this Section 8.2 shall constitute the sole and exclusive remedy after 
Closing for breaches of the Surviving Seller Representations and shall survive the Closing.  Seller 
agrees that at Closing, to secure payment of any claims by Purchaser against Seller for a breach of 
a representation or warranty in accordance with this Section 8.2, a portion of the Purchase Price in 
an amount equal to the Ceiling shall be deposited in an escrow account with Title Company, to be 
held and disbursed by Title Company pursuant to an escrow agreement in the form of Exhibit L 
attached hereto (the “Holdback Escrow Agreement”).

8.3 
If, prior to Closing, Purchaser has knowledge of any matter which would constitute 
a material breach of  Seller’s representations and warranties, Purchaser shall notify Seller of such 
material breach within the earlier of five (5) Business Days of learning of same and the Closing 
Date, failing which Purchaser shall be deemed to waive any such corresponding material breach 
of Seller’s representations and warranties.  Seller shall have the right to contest Purchaser’s 
determination as to a pre-Closing material breach of Seller’s representations and warranties, and 
shall have the right to attempt to cure such breach without being obligated to complete such cure.  
In addition, Seller shall have until the date that is the later of the originally scheduled Closing Date 
and sixty (60) days from the date of Purchaser’s notice to cure any such material breach of Seller’s 
representations and warranties and, at Seller’s sole option, the Closing Date shall be extended to 
such sixtieth (60) day (or any earlier Business Day) after Purchaser’s notice of breach, in order to 
permit such cure by Seller.  If Seller fails to cure any such material breach of Seller’s 
representations and warranties, then Purchaser, as its sole and exclusive remedy, shall have the

17 
ACTIVE 61730742v13

=== page 200 ===
Case 25-11853-KBO    Doc 396-2    Filed 03/31/26    Page 200 of 551

right to terminate this Agreement by written notice to Seller, in which case Escrow Agent shall 
return the Deposit (together with all interest thereon, if any) to Purchaser, Purchaser shall be 
entitled to reimbursement by Seller of Purchaser’s Reimbursement Costs, subject to the limitations 
set forth in Section 15.2, and neither party to this Agreement shall thereafter have any further right 
or obligation hereunder, except for the rights and obligations hereunder that expressly survive the 
termination of this Agreement.

8.4 
The terms “to Seller’s actual knowledge,” “to the best of Seller’s actual knowledge” 
and phrases of similar import shall mean the actual present knowledge (and not constructive 
knowledge) of Eric Poretsky, without independent inquiry or investigation, and shall not 
conclusively mean that Seller or such individual is charged with knowledge of the acts, omissions 
and/or knowledge of Seller’s property manager (or any employee thereof), Seller’s other agents or 
employees or Seller’s predecessors in title to the Premises.  The foregoing individual is named 
solely for the purpose of establishing the scope of knowledge and Seller represents that such person 
is the representative of Seller who is charged with day-to-day administration of information 
relating to and asset management of the Premises.  Such individual is not a party to this Agreement 
and shall have no personal liability for any of the representations or warranties hereunder.

8.5 
As of the Effective Date, Purchaser hereby represents and warrants as follows:

(i) 
Purchaser is familiar with the source of funds for the Purchase Price 
of the Premises and represents that all such funds will be derived from legitimate business activities 
and/or from loans from a banking or financial institution.

(ii) 
None of Purchaser, any direct or indirect interest holder in Purchaser 
(collectively, the “Purchaser Parties”), or any affiliate of Purchaser is (a) subject to sanctions of 
the United States government, (b) in violation of any provision of OFAC or (c) a Prohibited Person 
similarly designated under any Executive Orders or OFAC.

(iii) 
None of the Purchaser, the Purchaser Parties or any affiliate of 
Purchaser is listed on the Specially Designated Nationals List maintained by the OFAC, and/or on 
any other similar lists as a Prohibited Person.

(iv) 
Purchaser has, and its Purchaser Parties have, required and shall 
require, and has/have taken and shall take all reasonable measures to ensure compliance with the 
requirement that no Purchaser Parties or affiliates of Purchaser is or shall be listed on any lists, be 
a Prohibited Person, or be in violation of any laws, including any OFAC laws.

(v) 
None of Purchaser, the Purchaser Parties or any affiliate of 
Purchaser is or will (i) conduct any business or engage in making or receiving any contribution of 
funds, goods or services to or for the benefit of any Prohibited Person, (ii) deal in, or otherwise 
engage in, any transaction relating to any property or interest in property blocked pursuant to 
OFAC or the Patriot Act, or (iii) engage in or conspire to engage in any transaction that evades or 
avoids, or has the purpose of evading or avoiding, or attempts to violate, any of the prohibitions 
set forth in OFAC or the Patriot Act.

(vi) 
This Agreement constitutes, and each document and instrument to 
be executed and delivered by Purchaser hereunder (collectively, the “Purchaser’s Documents”),

18 
ACTIVE 61730742v13

=== page 201 ===
Case 25-11853-KBO    Doc 396-2    Filed 03/31/26    Page 201 of 551

when so executed and delivered, shall constitute, the legal, valid and binding obligations of 
Purchaser, enforceable in accordance with their respective terms, covenants and conditions.

(vii) 
Purchaser (i)  is a limited liability company duly organized in the 
State of Delaware and as of the Closing Date shall be licensed and/or qualified to conduct business 
in the State of New York; (ii) has all requisite power and authority to enter into this Agreement 
and to consummate the transactions contemplated hereby; (iii) has full power and authority to enter 
into and perform this Agreement and to enter into the documents to be executed and delivered in 
accordance with the terms hereof; and (iv) has full power and authority to consummate the 
transactions as contemplated herein.

(viii) Neither the entering into of this Agreement, nor the consummation 
of the transactions contemplated hereunder, will constitute a violation or breach by Purchaser of 
any contract, writ, order, judgment, or other instrument or agreement to which Purchaser is a party, 
or to which it is subject to by which any of its assets or properties may be affected, or of any 
judgment, order, writ, injunction or decree issued against or imposed upon it, or result in a violation 
of any applicable law, ordinance, rule or regulation of any governmental authority affecting 
Purchaser.  The execution, delivery and performance of this Agreement by Purchaser, and the 
consummation of the transactions contemplated hereby, do not require Purchaser to obtain any 
consent, authorization, or approval which has not already been obtained.

(ix) 
Purchaser is not subject to any pending voluntary or involuntary 
reorganization, liquidation, receivership, or other proceedings under any federal, state or local 
insolvency, liquidation, reorganization or similar type laws.

8.6 
All of the foregoing representations and warranties of Purchaser will be and remain 
true on and as of the Closing Date and shall survive the Closing.

Article 9. 
Closing Obligations.

9.1 
At or prior to the Closing, Seller shall execute and/or deliver to Title Company the 
following:

(a) 
Two (2) condominium unit deeds in substantially the form attached hereto 
as Exhibit B and made a part hereof, and properly executed in the form for recording so as to 
convey title to each of the Owned Units (each, respectively, the “Deed”);

(b) 
At least fifteen (15) days prior to Closing, two (2) written agreements 
pursuant to which Seller shall assign to two (2) separate and distinct Permitted Designees of 
Purchaser (as designated by Purchaser in its sole and absolute discretion), and such Permitted 
Designees shall assume and agree to be bound by, all obligations and liabilities of Seller under the 
10th Floor Lease and Store Unit Lease, respectively, and otherwise with respect to the Leased 
Units, in substantially the form of Exhibit C attached hereto (each, respectively, the “Assignment 
and Assumption of Lease”);

(c) 
a bill of sale, conveying and transferring to Purchaser all right, title and 
interest of Seller, if any, in and to all Personal Property, Fixtures, Warranties and Permits, in 
substantially the form attached hereto as Exhibit D and made a part hereof;

19 
ACTIVE 61730742v13

=== page 202 ===
Case 25-11853-KBO    Doc 396-2    Filed 03/31/26    Page 202 of 551

(d) 
A Real Property Transfer Tax Return with respect to the New York City 
Real Property Transfer Tax (the “RPT Form”);

(e) 
A New York State Real Estate Transfer Tax Return and Credit Line 
Mortgage Certificate with respect to the New York State Real Estate Transfer Tax (the “Form TP-
584”);

(f) 
A New York State Real Property Transfer Report Form RP-5217 NYC (the 
“RP-5217”);

(g) 
Intentionally omitted;

(h) 
a written notice in substantially form of Exhibit E attached hereto, executed 
by Seller or by its agent, advising the Tenants of the sale of the Units to Purchaser and directing 
that rents and other payments thereafter be sent to Purchaser or as Purchaser may direct;

(i) 
if the Alternative Agreement (as defined in Article 16, and attached hereto 
as Exhibit I-2), has been executed by the Seller, Purchaser and the Union, and a fully executed 
copy is delivered to Seller at least ten (10) days prior to Closing, then Seller shall deliver the fully 
executed Alternative Agreement to the Union at least ten (10) days prior to the Closing;

(j) 
Confirming Estoppels from each Lessor and the Board of Managers;

(k) 
Letters of resignation from all Seller appointed members of the Board of 
Managers with respect to the Owned Units, effective immediately upon the consummation of the 
Closing.  The parties will cooperate to have Seller’s appointed members of the Board of Managers 
resign and Purchaser’s replacement members appointed in accordance with the Condominium 
Documents;

(l) 
an affidavit of Seller pursuant to Section 1445(b)(2) of the Code in the form 
attached hereto as Exhibit F and made a part hereof, stating that Seller is not a foreign person 
within the meaning of such Section;

(m) 
evidence reasonably satisfactory to the Title Company that (i) Seller is 
authorized to consummate the transaction contemplated herein, and (ii) the individual(s) executing 
the documents on behalf of Seller is/are authorized to do so;

(n) 
A certificate with respect to Seller’s representations and warranties under 
Section 8.1 being true and correct in all material respects, subject to changes permitted by Section 
9.4(b), in the form of Exhibit J (the “Seller’s Bring Down Certificate”);

(o) 
An assignment and assumption, in substantially the form of Exhibit K, 
which provides for, as more particularly set forth therein, the assignment by Seller of all of Seller’s 
right, title and interest in and to the Designated Service Contracts and the assumption by Purchaser 
of all of Seller’s obligations under the Designated Service Contracts arising from and after the 
Closing Date (the “Assignment of Contracts”);

(p) 
The Holdback Escrow Agreement;

20 
ACTIVE 61730742v13

=== page 203 ===
Case 25-11853-KBO    Doc 396-2    Filed 03/31/26    Page 203 of 551

(q) 
The Labor Severance Escrow Agreement;

(r) 
A closing statement prepared by Title Company and approved by Seller and 
Purchaser, consistent with the terms of this Agreement;

(s) 
To the extent in Seller’s possession, all keys, combinations and access 
devices to any portion of the Premises;

(t) 
To the extent in the possession of Seller, all books and records relating to 
the Premises (other than Seller’s internal memoranda, financial projections, appraisals, proposals 
for work not actually undertaken, accounting and tax records and similar elective or confidential 
information), including, without limitation, (a) Permits relating to the operation of the Premises 
and/or issued by any governmental authority, (b) certifications verifying elevator and boiler 
inspections, (c) survey, architectural plans, building plans or specifications pertaining to the 
Premises, and (d) rent ledgers pertaining to the SRO units;

(u) 
Such affidavits, certificates, agreements and instruments as shall be 
reasonably required by the Title Company for Seller to comply with its obligations to deliver title 
to the Premises in accordance with this Agreement;

(v) 
An updated SRO Schedule, dated no more than five (5) days prior to the 
Closing Date;

(w) 
Evidence of termination of all Service Contracts that Purchaser has not 
agreed to assume at Closing (including evidence that Seller has paid all termination and/or 
cancellation fees, costs, penalties, charges and/or expenses that may result from such terminations 
which Seller expressly acknowledges and agrees shall be paid by Seller at its sole cost and expense 
at or prior to the Closing Date); and

(x) 
any other documents, instruments or agreements reasonably necessary to 
effectuate the transactions contemplated hereunder, in accordance with the express terms, 
covenants and conditions hereof.

9.2 
At or prior to the Closing, Purchaser (or the Permitted Designees, as applicable) 
shall execute and/or deliver to Title Company the following:

(a) 
The RPT Form;

(b) 
The RP-5217;

(c) 
The Form TP-584;

(d) 
a Power of Attorney executed by Purchaser and acknowledged by a notary 
public, in the form required by Exhibit E to the Declaration, in favor of the Board of Managers, as 
required by Section 16(B) of the Declaration;

(e) 
At least fifteen (15) days prior to Closing, two (2) Assignments and 
Assumptions of Lease, with respect to the Leased Units;

21 
ACTIVE 61730742v13

=== page 204 ===
Case 25-11853-KBO    Doc 396-2    Filed 03/31/26    Page 204 of 551

(f) 
an assignment and assumption of the Collective Bargaining Agreement in 
the form attached hereto as Exhibit I-1 (the “CBA Assumption Agreement”), executed by 
Purchaser, unless the Alternative Agreement (as defined in Article 16 and attached hereto as 
Exhibit I-2) has been signed by the Purchaser and the Union and delivered to the Seller at least ten 
(10) days prior to Closing, in which case Seller shall sign and deliver the Alternative Agreement 
to the Union;

(g) 
the Assignment of Contracts;

(h) 
a certificate with respect to Purchaser’s representations and warranties set 
forth in Section 8.5 being true and correct as required by Section 9.3(c);

(i) 
all consents and resolutions required to consummate the transactions 
contemplated hereby, certified to be true and complete by an authorized officer of Purchaser;

(j) 
such affidavits, certificates, agreements and instruments as shall be 
reasonably required by the Title Company;

(k) 
a closing statement prepared by Title Company and approved by Seller and 
Purchaser consistent with the terms of this Agreement;

(l) 
all other documents and instruments required by this Agreement and/or the 
Condominium Documents to be delivered by Purchaser at Closing;

(m) 
The Holdback Escrow Agreement;

(n) 
The Labor Severance Escrow Agreement;

(o) 
An assumption of the Retainer Agreement with the written consent of the 
Tax Cert Attorneys; and

(p) 
A Department of Housing Preservation and Development Registration 
Statement (the “Multiple Dwelling Registration Statement”) required upon change in ownership, 
containing Purchaser or Purchaser’s agent’s information to be delivered to the Department of 
Housing Preservation and Development;

(q) 
any other documents, instruments or agreements reasonably necessary to 
effectuate the transactions contemplated hereunder, in accordance with the express terms, 
covenants and conditions hereof.

9.3 
Seller’s obligation to consummate the Closing under this Agreement is subject to 
satisfaction of the following conditions precedent, which may be waived in whole or in part by 
Seller, provided such waiver is in writing and signed by Seller on or before the Closing Date:

(a) 
Purchaser shall have paid or tendered payment of the Balance to Escrow 
Agent on or before the Closing Date as provided in Article 2 hereof, subject to adjustment as 
provided in Article 11 hereof;

22 
ACTIVE 61730742v13

=== page 205 ===
Case 25-11853-KBO    Doc 396-2    Filed 03/31/26    Page 205 of 551

(b) 
Purchaser shall have delivered to or for the benefit of Seller, on or before 
the Closing Date, all of the documents and items required to be delivered by Purchaser pursuant 
to Section 9.2 of this Agreement, and Purchaser shall have performed in all material respects all 
of its obligations hereunder to be performed on or before the Closing Date;

(c) 
All of Purchaser’s representations and warranties made in this Agreement 
shall be true and correct as of the Effective Date and true and correct as of the Closing Date as if 
then made; and

(d) 
Purchaser shall have complied (or shall be deemed to have complied, upon 
execution of delivery of the documents set forth in Section 9.2 of this Agreement) with the 
requirements imposed upon the grantee of a Unit under Article XII of the Declaration.

9.4 
Purchaser’s obligation to consummate the Closing under this Agreement is subject 
to the satisfaction of the following conditions precedent, which may be waived in whole or in part 
by Purchaser, provided such waiver is in writing and signed by Purchaser on or before the Closing 
Date:

(a) 
Seller shall have delivered to or for the benefit of Purchaser, on or before 
the Closing Date, all of the documents and items required to be delivered by Seller pursuant to 
Section 9.1 of this Agreement, and Seller shall have performed in all material respects all of its 
obligations hereunder to be performed on or before the Closing Date;

(b) 
Subject to the other provisions of this Agreement, all of Seller’s 
representations and warranties made in this Agreement shall be true and correct in all material 
respects as of the Effective Date and true and correct in all material respects as of the Closing Date 
as if then made, other than those representations or warranties made as of a specific date, or with 
reference to previously dated materials, in which event such representations and warranties shall 
be true and correct in all material respects as of the date thereof or as of the date of such materials, 
as applicable.  For purposes hereof, a representation or warranty shall not be deemed to have been 
breached if the representation or warranty is not true and correct as of the Closing Date by reason 
of (a) changed facts or circumstances arising after the date hereof, the occurrence of which is not 
the result of an action by Seller which is prohibited by this Agreement or (b) any matter, including 
any alleged default, default, claim or proceeding, with respect to the Premises that relates to the 
Cycle 8 Local Law 11 Work to the extent such alleged default, default, claim or proceeding would 
be rendered moot upon or will be remedied by the Seller’s performance and completion of the 
Cycle 8 Local Law 11 Work in accordance with this Agreement; and

(c) 
Seller shall have complied (or shall be deemed to have complied, upon 
execution of delivery of the documents set forth in Section 9.1 of this Agreement) with the 
requirements regarding the conveyance of a Unit under Article XII of the Declaration.

Article 10. 
Transfer Taxes, Title Insurance and Other Expenses.

10.1 
At Closing, Seller shall pay the New York State Real Estate Transfer Tax imposed 
pursuant to Article 31 and Section 1402 of the New York Tax Law (the “State Transfer Tax”) and 
the New York City Real Property Transfer Tax imposed pursuant to Title 11, Chapter 21 of the 
New York City Administrative Code (the “City Transfer Tax”), upon or payable in connection

23 
ACTIVE 61730742v13

=== page 206 ===
Case 25-11853-KBO    Doc 396-2    Filed 03/31/26    Page 206 of 551

with the transfer of title to the Units and the recordation of each Deed and execution of each 
Assignment and Assumption of Lease, as applicable.  Seller shall also pay 100% of any escrow 
fees or charges of Escrow Agent.

10.2 
Purchaser shall pay for the following prior to or at the Closing:

(a) 
all State, City, County and municipal recording charges with respect to the 
deed;

(b) 
all costs and expenses in connection with Purchaser’s financing (if any), 
and costs for the filing of all documents necessary to complete such financing and related mortgage 
recording tax (as the same may be applicable), provided, however, nothing herein contained shall 
be deemed to create a financing contingency or to condition Purchaser’s obligations hereunder on 
Purchaser’s ability to obtain financing, and this shall be deemed to be an “all cash” transaction;

(c) 
the cost of Purchaser’s own survey, survey re-date, engineering studies, 
environmental studies and other due diligence investigations;

(d) 
the cost of obtaining its owner’s and/or loan policies of title insurance, 
including any and all premiums, endorsements and coverage issued in connection with such 
policies.

10.3 
Each party shall pay its own legal fees incidental to the negotiation, execution and 
delivery of this Agreement and the consummation of the transactions contemplated hereby.

10.4 
The provisions of this Article 10 shall survive the Closing.

Article 11. 
Apportionments.

11.1 
The following shall be apportioned between the parties as of 11:59 P.M. on the day 
immediately preceding the Closing Date:

(a) 
Rents, as and when collected;

(b) 
real property taxes and assessments, sewer rents and taxes, water rates and 
charges, vault charges and taxes, business improvement district taxes and assessments and any 
other governmental taxes, charges or assessments levied or assessed against the Premises, if any, 
on the basis of the fiscal year for which assessed;

(c) 
charges for water, sewer, electricity, gas, fuel and other utility charges, all 
of which shall be read as soon as practicable before Closing, unless Seller elects to close its own 
applicable account, in which event Purchaser shall open its own account and the respective charges 
shall not be prorated;

(d) 
charges for all utility services supplied to the Units (including, without 
limitation, water, gas, steam and electricity);

24 
ACTIVE 61730742v13

=== page 207 ===
Case 25-11853-KBO    Doc 396-2    Filed 03/31/26    Page 207 of 551

(e) 
amounts prepaid and amounts accrued but unpaid under the Designated 
Service Contracts;

(f) 
accrued wages, salaries, compensation (including but not limited to payroll 
expenses and taxes, but excluding any severance pay pursuant to the Collective Bargaining 
Agreement or enhanced severance pay pursuant to the Alternative Agreement, if applicable), 
benefits, including without limitation, contributions to the Union Employee Benefit Funds (other 
than the additional health insurance contributions pursuant to the Alternative Agreement, if 
applicable), vacation pay, holiday pay, sick pay, personal days or other paid time off and salaries 
of each Bargaining Unit Employee; provided that Purchaser shall pay when due the Seller’s portion 
of the foregoing but receive a closing adjustment therefor, and further provided that any severance 
pay pursuant to the Collective Bargaining Agreement or enhanced severance pay pursuant to the 
Alternative Agreement, if applicable (including the additional health insurance contributions 
pursuant to the Alternative Agreement, if applicable) shall be the responsibility of, and paid by, 
Purchaser;

(g) 
prepaid fees for Permits assigned to Purchaser at the Closing, if any;

(h) 
if and to the extent that either or both lessors under the Unit Leases confirm, 
prior to Closing, that they are holding any amount of “Security Deposit”, “Security” or other form 
of deposit securing the lessees’ performance under either or both Unit Leases, all right, title and 
other beneficial interests in such deposits shall be assigned within the corresponding Assignment 
and Assumption of Lease and Seller shall receive a credit at Closing corresponding with such 
confirmed deposited amounts; and

(i) 
all other items customarily apportioned in connection with the sale of 
similar properties similarly located.

11.2 
Except as expressly provided to the contrary herein, all apportionments and 
adjustments shall be made in accordance with the customs and practice of the Real Estate Board 
of New York.  Any taxes due and payable under Section 11.1(b) in the year in which the Closing 
occurs shall be apportioned based on the portion of the fiscal year which has elapsed prior to the 
Closing Date.  If the Closing Date shall occur before the amount of such taxes for the fiscal year 
in which Closing occurs has been determined, the apportionment of such taxes shall be made at 
the Closing Date based on the most recent ascertainable full-year taxes (e.g. the prior year’s full-
year, second installment tax bill).  If any utility apportionment is not based on an actual current 
reading, then upon the taking of a subsequent actual reading, the parties shall, within ten (10) 
Business Days following notice of the determination of such actual reading, readjust such 
apportionment and Seller shall promptly deliver to Purchaser, or Purchaser shall promptly deliver 
to Seller, as the case may be, the amount determined to be due upon such adjustment.

11.3 
If any past due rents shall be owing by any Tenants on the Closing Date, Seller 
waives all rights to collect any such past due or delinquent rents from Tenants following the 
Closing Date and Purchaser shall be entitled to collect and receive all payments for past due rentals.

11.4 
Seller is hereby authorized, but is not obligated, to continue any tax certiorari 
proceedings for reduction of the assessed valuation of the Units that are pending on the Closing

25 
ACTIVE 61730742v13

=== page 208 ===
Case 25-11853-KBO    Doc 396-2    Filed 03/31/26    Page 208 of 551

Date and (with respect to any such proceedings for tax years prior to the tax year in which the 
Closing Date shall occur) to settle or compromise the same in Seller’s sole discretion.  Any 
settlement or compromise in connection with such proceedings brought with respect to the tax year 
in which the Closing Date shall occur shall be made by Seller in consultation with, and with the 
prior written consent of, Purchaser (which consent may be withheld in Purchaser’s sole discretion).  
If a tax refund shall be obtained by reason of an adjustment of the assessed valuation of the Units 
attributable to a period that ends prior to the Closing Date, the same shall be the property of Seller 
(less the reasonable costs of collection, including attorneys and accounting fees).  If any such 
refund shall be obtained for a period that includes the Closing Date, the amount of such refund 
(less the cost of obtaining the same, including, without limitation, reasonable attorneys’ and 
accounting fees) shall be apportioned according to length of the respective portions of such period 
during which each party owned the Unit and subject to adjustment and apportionment pursuant to 
the Lease.  If any such refund or portion thereof to which Purchaser shall be entitled as hereinbefore 
provided shall be paid to Seller, Seller shall receive the same for the benefit of Purchaser and shall 
forthwith remit the same thereto.  Purchaser shall, with the consent of the Tax Cert Attorneys, 
assume the retainer agreement (the “Retainer Agreement”) with Ditchik & Ditchik, PLLC (the 
“Tax Cert Attorneys”) and shall be obligated to make any payments due to the Tax Cert Attorneys 
pursuant to the Retainer Agreement with respect to tax savings realized by Purchaser as a result of 
any reduction in the transitional assessed valuation and/or the actual assessed valuation of the Real 
Property, which reduction is implemented over the five year period following the Closing from 
which Purchaser benefits.  As of the Closing Date, Seller shall be released from any obligations to 
make payments under the Retainer Agreement with the Tax Cert Attorneys, other than payments 
to the Tax Cert Attorneys related to the tax years prior to the Closing Date.

11.5 
The terms, covenants and conditions of this Article 11 shall survive the Closing.

Article 12. 
Risk of Loss; Condemnation.

12.1 
If, between the date of this Agreement and the Closing Date, the Premises are 
damaged by fire or other casualty, the provisions of Section 5-1311 of the New York General 
Obligations Law, or any statute enacted in substitution therefor or in addition thereto, shall not 
apply.  Such provisions are hereby waived, and the provisions of the following Section 12.2 shall 
apply instead.

12.2 
Upon the occurrence of a casualty, condemnation or taking with respect to any 
Premises between the date of this Agreement and the Closing Date, Seller shall notify Purchaser 
in writing of same (a “Casualty/Condemnation Notice”).   For purposes of this Article 12 hereof, 
a “Significant Portion of the Premises” shall mean a portion of the Premises, of which the cost to 
repair is equal to or greater than ten percent (10%) of the Purchase Price, as determined by an 
architect or engineer selected by Seller and reasonably acceptable to Purchaser.  In the event that 
a Significant Portion of the Premises is damaged or destroyed in any casualty, or a Significant 
Portion of the Premises is condemned or taken (or notice of any condemnation or taking is issued), 
then Purchaser may elect to terminate this Agreement by providing written notice of such 
termination to Seller within five (5) Business Days after Purchaser’s receipt of the 
Casualty/Condemnation Notice, upon which termination, the Deposit shall be immediately 
returned to Purchaser without objection from Seller and neither party hereto shall have any further 
rights, obligations or liabilities under this Agreement with respect to the Premises, except as

26 
ACTIVE 61730742v13

=== page 209 ===
Case 25-11853-KBO    Doc 396-2    Filed 03/31/26    Page 209 of 551

otherwise expressly set forth herein.  If (a) Purchaser does not elect to terminate this Agreement 
(provided that Purchaser’s failure to timely elect to terminate shall be deemed an election to close), 
or (b) the portion of the Premises which is (x) taken, or (y) damaged or destroyed is, in either case, 
not a Significant Portion of the Premises, then there shall be no abatement of the Purchase Price 
and (x) in the case of a condemnation or taking, Seller shall assign to Purchaser at the Closing the 
rights of Seller to the claims or awards and Purchaser shall be entitled to receive and keep all such 
awards; and (y) in the case of a casualty, Seller shall assign to Purchaser at the Closing the rights 
of Seller to the proceeds under Seller’s insurance policies covering such Premises with respect to 
such damage or destruction (or pay to Purchaser any such proceeds received prior to Closing, less 
amounts actually paid by Seller for any emergency repairs) and credit to Purchaser the amount of 
any deductible with respect thereto, and Purchaser shall be entitled to receive and keep any monies 
received from such insurance policies.

Article 13. 
Covenants of Seller.  Between the date hereof and Closing:

13.1 
Seller covenants and agrees that, except as otherwise provided in the Agreement, 
between the date of this Agreement and the Closing Date, Seller (either itself or through an agent) 
shall continue to manage and operate the Premises in substantially the same manner as Seller has 
heretofore managed and operated the Premises and in compliance in all material respects with all 
applicable laws, ordinances, rules and regulations of any governmental authority governing the 
Real Property, perform in all material respects all of Seller’s obligations under the Unit Leases, 
and to keep (or request the Condominium to keep, to the extent the Condominium is so required) 
the Units in substantially and materially its same condition and state of repair, subject to reasonable 
wear and tear and the terms, conditions and requirements of the Condominium Documents and the 
Unit Leases.

13.2 
Seller shall not enter into any new service contract unless the same shall be 
terminable by Seller prior to Closing.

13.3 
Seller shall maintain in full force and effect until the Closing the insurance policies 
presently in effect or other commercially reasonable policies of insurance affording similar levels 
of coverage and shall, subject to the provisions of Article 11, continue to pay all utility and service 
charges accrued through the date of Closing.

13.4 
Seller shall notify or, in the case of written notice received by Seller, deliver a copy 
to, Purchaser of any default under the Condominium Documents or the Unit Leases or from any 
Tenants, or the receipt of any notice of default received by Seller under the Condominium 
Documents or the Unit Leases or from any Tenants.

13.5 
From and after the date of this Agreement, Seller shall not amend, modify, or 
terminate the Unit Leases or the Condominium Documents without the prior written consent of 
Purchaser, which consent may be granted or withheld in Purchaser’s sole and absolute discretion, 
nor enter into any new lease, license or other form of occupancy agreement affecting the Premises 
without the prior written consent of Purchaser, which consent may be withheld in Purchaser’s sole 
and absolute discretion.

27 
ACTIVE 61730742v13

=== page 210 ===
Case 25-11853-KBO    Doc 396-2    Filed 03/31/26    Page 210 of 551

13.6 
Seller shall promptly advise Purchaser of any litigation, arbitration or other judicial 
or administrative proceeding with respect to the Premises which materially and adversely affects 
Purchaser’s interests under this Agreement.

13.7 
Seller shall deliver to (x) Lessors an estoppel certificate substantially in the form 
attached hereto as Exhibit G, and (y) the Board of Managers an estoppel certificate substantially 
in the form attached hereto as Exhibit H (each, an “Estoppel” and collectively, the “Estoppels”). 
Seller shall obtain Confirming Estoppels from each Lessor and the Board of Managers.  For 
purposes of this Agreement, the term “Confirming Estoppels” shall mean Estoppels that so confirm 
the applicable matters set forth therein, provided, however, (x) inclusion of qualifications as to 
knowledge shall not cause the Estoppel to be non-compliant; (y) if the applicable Unit Lease or 
the Condominium Documents specifies the form or content of an estoppel certificate, then the 
Estoppel may be in such form or contain only those matters as specified thereby, without giving 
effect to any requirement regarding “additional information reasonably requested” or words of 
similar import and (z) an Estoppel shall fail to be a Confirming Estoppel only if they fail to confirm 
the applicable matters in all material respects and the aggregate adverse economic impact as a 
result of such failures is equal to or exceeds the Floor (as defined in Section 8.2).

13.8 
At or prior to Closing, Seller shall terminate Newmark Knight Frank (the “Existing 
Manager”) the existing property management agreement for the Premises (the “Existing PMA”).

13.9 
Seller shall oversee the completion, prior to Closing, at Seller’s sole cost and 
expense, of the work (the “Cycle 8 Local Law 11 Work”) under the contracts set forth on Schedule 
G (such contracts, collectively, the “Cycle 8 Local Law 11 Contracts”).  Seller shall be obligated 
to pay all amounts due under the Cycle 8 Local Law 11 Contracts and file (or cause to be filed) a 
“Safe” report with the NYC Department of Buildings (the “DOB LL 11 Report”).  If, at the time 
of Closing, the Cycle 8 Local Law 11 Work has not been finally completed, the DOB LL 11 Report 
has not been filed with the NYC Department of Buildings, and/or the NYC Department of 
Buildings has not issued a Certificate of Compliance with respect to completion of the Cycle 8 
Local Law 11 Work, Seller shall assign the Cycle 8 Local Law 11 Contracts, if applicable, to 
Purchaser at Closing and Purchaser shall assume all obligations thereunder or otherwise oversee 
and cause completion of the Cycle 8 Local Law 11 Work, provided, however, that Seller shall 
escrow with Escrow Agent the aggregate sum necessary to address any remaining Cycle 8 Local 
Law 11 Work, not to exceed Thirty Thousand and NO/100 Dollars ($30,000.00), to which escrow 
Purchaser shall have access for purposes of requesting disbursements to pay for any remaining 
costs to complete the Cycle 8 Local Law 11 Work.  Seller makes no representation or warranty 
regarding the Cycle 8 Local Law 11 Work.   Seller shall not be obligated to perform or pay for any 
work relating to “Cycle 9” under Local Law 11 and Purchaser assumes all obligations under 
applicable law (including, without limitation, pursuant to NYC Façade Inspection Safety Program) 
to perform and pay for any work required to be performed in connection with “Cycle 9”.  The 
provisions of this Section 13.9 shall survive the Closing.

13.10 Seller shall promptly after receipt thereof deliver to Purchaser copies of all written 
notices from any governmental authority regarding (i) the violation or alleged violation of Relevant 
Environmental Laws regarding Hazardous Materials affecting the Premises or (ii) any actual or 
threatened condemnation of the Premises or any portion thereof.

28 
ACTIVE 61730742v13

=== page 211 ===
Case 25-11853-KBO    Doc 396-2    Filed 03/31/26    Page 211 of 551

13.11 Seller shall promptly notify Purchaser of the filing of any litigation, arbitration, or 
administrative hearing before any court or governmental agency naming Seller and/or affecting 
the Premises.

13.12 Other than with respect to the Cycle 8 Local Law 11 Work, Seller shall not make 
any structural modifications or additions to the Premises, without first obtaining the consent of 
Purchaser, which consent shall not be unreasonably withheld or delayed by Purchaser, other than 
with respect to life/safety repairs or in response to an emergency at the Premises.

13.13 At all times from the Effective Date to the Closing Date, Seller will not sell or 
otherwise transfer title to all or any portion of the Premises, or encumber the Premises with 
indebtedness secured by the Premises, in each case, without the prior written consent of Purchaser, 
which may be withheld in Purchaser’s sole and absolute discretion.  Notwithstanding the 
foregoing, Seller shall be permitted to remove the Excluded Personal Property, without the consent 
of Purchaser.

13.14 Subject to Article 12 hereof, Seller shall not settle or compromise or agree to any 
settlement or compromise of any insurance or condemnation claim or award without the prior 
written consent of Purchaser, which consent shall not be unreasonably withheld, conditioned or 
delayed.

13.15 Seller shall not, without the Purchaser’s prior written consent in each instance, (i) 
enter into, renew, or amend the Collective Bargaining Agreement or any collective bargaining 
agreement with the Union or any labor union or labor organization except for collective bargaining 
agreements, renewals thereof, or amendments thereto that in any case do not apply specifically 
and uniquely to the Premises (as distinguished, for example, from city-wide agreements, renewals 
or amendments), or (ii) except in the ordinary course of business, fill currently open positions 
(after notice to and approval from the Purchaser which approval will not be unreasonably denied), 
or increase or decrease the number of Hotel Employees.

Article 14. 
Brokerage.

14.1 
(a) Purchaser and Seller hereby represent and warrant that they have not hired, 
retained or dealt with any broker, finder, consultant, person, firm or corporation in connection with 
the negotiation, execution or delivery of this Agreement or the transactions contemplated 
hereunder.  Purchaser covenants and agrees that should any claim be made against Seller for any 
commission or other compensation by any broker, finder, person, firm or corporation, based upon 
or alleging negotiations, dealings or communications with Purchaser or Purchaser’s 
representative(s) in connection with this transaction or the Premises, Purchaser shall indemnify 
and hold Seller harmless from and against any and all damages, expenses (including attorneys’ 
fees and disbursements) and liability arising from such claim.

(b) 
Seller covenants that should any claim be made against Purchaser for any 
commission or other compensation by any broker, finder, person, firm or corporation, based upon 
or alleging negotiations, dealings or communications with Seller or Seller’s representative(s) in 
connection with this transaction or the Premises, Seller shall indemnify and hold Purchaser

29 
ACTIVE 61730742v13

=== page 212 ===
Case 25-11853-KBO    Doc 396-2    Filed 03/31/26    Page 212 of 551

harmless from any and all damages, expenses (including attorneys’ fees and disbursements) and 
liability arising from such claim.

(c) 
The provisions of this Article 14 shall survive the Closing or earlier 
termination of this Agreement.

Article 15. 
Remedies.

15.1 
If (i) Purchaser defaults in its obligation to pay the Balance on the Closing Date or 
in the performance of any of its other obligations to be performed on the Closing Date, and Seller 
is ready, willing and able to Close in accordance with the terms, provisions and conditions of this 
Agreement, or (ii) Purchaser defaults in any of its other obligations to perform under this 
Agreement prior to the Closing Date and, with respect to any default under this clause (ii) only, 
such default shall continue for ten (10) Business Days after written notice of default to Purchaser, 
Seller’s sole and exclusive remedy by reason thereof shall be to terminate this Agreement and, 
upon such termination, Seller shall be entitled to receive and retain the Deposit, and any interest 
thereon, as liquidated damages, it being agreed that Seller’s damages in case of Purchaser’s default 
might be difficult or impossible to ascertain, and that the Deposit, and the interest thereon (if any), 
constitutes a fair and reasonable amount of damages under the circumstances and is not a penalty.  
Upon such termination, neither party shall thereafter have any further right or obligation hereunder, 
except for the rights and obligations hereunder that expressly survive the termination of this 
Agreement.

15.2 
If Seller defaults in any of its material obligations under this Agreement and such 
default is not cured within twenty (20) Business Days of receiving written notice from Purchaser 
of such alleged default (except with respect to any material obligations that Seller is required to 
perform on the Closing Date in which case no notice and cure period shall be provided, provided 
that on such date, Purchaser has satisfied all conditions required to be satisfied by it under this 
Agreement, is not otherwise in default under this Agreement and is ready, willing and able to 
perform all of its obligations under this Agreement on the Closing Date and to deliver the Balance 
due Seller under this Agreement), Purchaser’s sole and exclusive remedies shall be: (i) to terminate 
this Agreement and to receive a refund of the Deposit (together with any interest thereon) as well 
as reimbursement from Seller to Purchaser for Purchaser’s documented, verifiable out-of-pocket 
costs and expenses and reasonable attorney’s fees and costs incurred in connection with this 
transaction and the due diligence conducted not to exceed Four Hundred Thousand and No/100 
Dollars ($400,000) (collectively, and subject to the foregoing limitation on amount, “Purchaser’s 
Reimbursement Costs”), with such reimbursement obligation expressly surviving the termination 
of this Agreement and which reimbursement shall occur within twenty (20) Business Days after 
demand by Purchaser therefor, and neither party shall thereafter have any further right or obligation 
hereunder, except for the rights and obligations hereunder that expressly survive the termination 
of this Agreement, or (ii) within forty-five (45) days after Seller’s failure to perform its obligation 
to convey the Premises on the Closing Date or failure to otherwise comply with Seller’s obligations 
it is required to perform on the Closing Date (provided that on such date, Purchaser has satisfied 
all conditions required to be satisfied by it under this Agreement, is not otherwise in default under 
this Agreement and is ready, willing and able to perform all of its obligations under this Agreement 
on the Closing Date and to deliver the Balance due Seller under this Agreement), bring an action 
in equity against Seller for specific performance; it being understood that if Purchaser fails to

30 
ACTIVE 61730742v13

=== page 213 ===
Case 25-11853-KBO    Doc 396-2    Filed 03/31/26    Page 213 of 551

commence an action for specific performance within such forty-five (45) day period, Purchaser’s 
sole remedy shall be to terminate this Agreement and receive a return of the Deposit and 
reimbursement of Purchaser’s Reimbursement Costs.  Notwithstanding anything to the contrary in 
this Agreement, in the event that specific performance is not available as a remedy as a result of 
Seller conveying the Premises to a party other than Purchaser, Purchaser shall have the right to 
seek monetary damages against Seller to the fullest extent permitted by law.

Article 16. 
Employees.

16.1 
For purposes of this Agreement, (i) “Hotel Employees” means, collectively, all 
individuals employed at the Premises by Existing Manager as of the Closing Date, irrespective of 
whether such individuals are active, on leaves of absence, on layoff or otherwise inactive but still 
employed at the Premises, and (ii) “Bargaining Unit Employees” shall mean those Hotel 
Employees employed at the Premises by Existing Manager as of the Closing Date, irrespective of 
whether such individuals are active, on leaves of absence, on layoff or otherwise inactive but still 
employed at the Premises, who are represented by the Union and whose employment is subject to 
the Collective Bargaining Agreement (as hereinafter defined).

16.2 
Seller shall cause Existing Manager to deliver to Purchaser at least five (5) Business 
days prior to Closing (i) a list of all Hotel Employees including position, union status, date of hire, 
applicable rate of pay (or salary), together with (x) a schedule of those employees that are on any 
sick leave or leave of absence and those that are on layoff or inactive, and (y) a schedule of accrued 
and unused vacation, holidays, personal days and sick leave for such employees, and (ii) a list of 
all layoffs or involuntary terminations (other than terminations for cause or other performance-
related reasons) and other losses of employment (other than due to resignations, retirement and 
other voluntary departures) experienced at the Premises during the ninety (90) day period 
preceding the Closing.  Seller shall be responsible for accrued compensation and benefits, 
including without limitation, contributions to any multi-employer benefit plan pursuant to the 
Collective Bargaining Agreement, vacation pay, holidays, personal days, sick leave or other paid 
time off and wages and/or salaries (but not including any severance pay pursuant to the Collective 
Bargaining Agreement or enhanced severance pay under the Alternative Agreement, if applicable) 
of each Hotel Employee accruing prior to the Closing Date, as required under applicable law or 
the Collective Bargaining Agreement.  Seller shall cause Existing Manager to make reasonable 
efforts to provide Purchaser or its manager or operator, information necessary to comply with the 
successorship obligations under the Collective Bargaining Agreement, including but not limited 
to I-9 forms (unless otherwise provided by applicable law) and information necessary to provide 
for uninterrupted employment without loss of seniority, compensation, benefits or fringe benefits 
and no adverse effect on other terms and conditions of employment.

16.3 
From and after the Closing, Purchaser (i) shall be solely responsible for complying 
or causing compliance with the Collective Bargaining Agreement and the Alternative Agreement, 
if applicable, all applicable provisions of federal, state and municipal laws and regulations relating 
to those Hotel Employees remaining in employment at the Hotel upon Closing (“the Rehired 
Employees”), and any other individuals hired as employees at the Hotel after Closing, including 
Purchaser’s covenants set forth in this Section 16.3, including without limitation compliance with 
any applicable provisions of the Federal WARN Act, the New York WARN Act or the New York 
City Hotel Service Workers, Section 4980B of the Internal Revenue Code (COBRA), the Hotel

31 
ACTIVE 61730742v13

=== page 214 ===
Case 25-11853-KBO    Doc 396-2    Filed 03/31/26    Page 214 of 551

Service Disruption Notification Act (“HSW Act”), and any rules or regulations as have been issued 
in connection with any of the foregoing and any benefit continuation and/or severance payments 
pursuant to the Collective Bargaining Agreement and relating to Rehired Employees that may be 
payable upon any termination of employment of any such Rehired Employees accruing and arising 
after the Closing, and (ii) hereby agrees to indemnify, defend, protect and hold Seller and its 
affiliates harmless from and against any and all claims, liabilities, debts, costs, expenses, damages, 
attorneys’ fees and disbursements arising out of any violation of the Collective Bargaining 
Agreement, and all applicable Labor and Employment Laws, accruing and arising on or after 
Closing, including but not limited to any violation of the Federal WARN Act, the New York 
WARN Act, COBRA or the HSW Act and any rules or regulations as have been issued in 
connection with any of the foregoing in connection with the transaction contemplated by this 
Agreement, relating to the Hotel Employees or any individuals hired as employees at the Hotel on 
or after the Closing.  In addition, Purchaser shall be solely responsible for, and shall indemnify 
and hold Seller harmless from, any claims or payments required to be made to or on behalf of any 
Bargaining Unit Employees or any former bargaining unit employees of the Hotel, as a result of 
either this transaction or the Alternative Agreement, including but not limited to any severance 
pay pursuant to the Collective Bargaining Agreement, Enhanced Severance pursuant to the 
Alternative Agreement, if applicable, contributions to the Union Employee Benefit Funds under 
both the Collective Bargaining Agreement and the Alternative Agreement, if applicable.  Seller 
agrees to indemnify, defend, protect and hold Purchaser and its respective affiliates harmless from 
and against any and all claims, liabilities, debts, costs, expenses, damages, attorneys’ fees and 
disbursements arising out of any violation of the Collective Bargaining Agreement, and all 
applicable Labor and Employment Laws, relating to the Hotel Employees, including, but not 
limited to, Federal WARN Act, the New York WARN Act, COBRA or the HSW Act and any 
rules or regulations as have been issued in connection with any of the foregoing accruing or arising 
prior to the Closing and any benefit continuation and/or severance payments pursuant to the 
Collective Bargaining Agreement relating to Hotel Employees that may be payable upon any 
termination of employment of any such Hotel Employee accruing or arising prior to the Closing. 
Notwithstanding anything to the contrary herein, any additional severance due under NYC Local 
Law Int 2397-2021 (Severance Pay for Hotel Service Employees) (“the NYC Severance”) will be 
the responsibility of Seller.  At Closing, Seller and Purchaser shall establish an escrow with Title 
Company pursuant to an escrow agreement in substantially the form attached hereto as Exhibit M 
(the “Labor Severance Escrow Agreement”), whereby Seller shall deposit with Title Company a 
gross sum equal to the balance of the 30 weeks due under the NYC Severance at $500.00 per week 
for each employee eligible for the NYC Severance (the “Labor Severance Escrow Account”); said 
amount shall, in accordance with the Labor Severance Escrow Agreement, be paid by Purchaser 
or its manager or operator from the Labor Severance Escrow Account to each eligible employee, 
subject to the terms of the Labor Severance Escrow Agreement.  In the event Purchaser enters into 
the Alternative Agreement (as hereinafter defined) which requires Purchaser to pay enhanced 
severance and contributions to the Union Employee Benefit Funds in excess of the amounts 
accrued up to Closing, Purchaser shall indemnify and hold Seller harmless for said amounts.

16.4 
During the period prior to Closing, the parties agree to reasonably cooperate and 
also to consult on a regular basis and coordinate their activities relating to employee matters so as 
to facilitate a smooth transition of Premises operations and the continued proper performance by 
the Hotel Employees of their respective duties up to Closing.  Seller shall promptly deliver to 
Purchaser copies of any written materials delivered or received relating to Union representation of

32 
ACTIVE 61730742v13

=== page 215 ===
Case 25-11853-KBO    Doc 396-2    Filed 03/31/26    Page 215 of 551

Bargaining Unit Employees including but not limited to any grievances filed against the Hotel and 
Seller shall keep Purchaser substantially informed with respect to the status of any discussions 
with the Union with respect to the Hotel.

16.5 
Without limiting any other provision of this Article 16, (i) Seller has informed 
Purchaser that Seller is a party to and is bound by the terms of that certain Industry Wide 
Agreement between Hotel Association of New York, Inc. and New York Hotel and Motel Trades 
Council, AFL-CIO (“Union”) which is in effect from July 1, 2012 through June 30, 2026 (“IWA”), 
including any related written memorandum of understanding and other related agreements, as 
provided by their terms (collectively, the “Collective Bargaining Agreement”), (ii) a copy of the 
Collective Bargaining Agreement has previously been delivered or made available to Purchaser 
for its review, and (iii) Purchaser or Purchaser’s property manager, operator or agent shall offer to 
retain all Bargaining Unit Employees and, if they accept such offers, their employment will 
continue uninterrupted without loss of seniority, compensation, benefits or fringe benefits and with 
no adverse effect on other terms and conditions of employment subject to the Collective 
Bargaining Agreement and applicable law, and (iv) Purchaser will, and shall cause its property 
manager, operator or agent to, recognize the Union and assume, adopt and be bound by all of the 
terms, both economic and non-economic, of  the Collective Bargaining Agreement from and after 
the Closing Date.  Purchaser further agrees to execute, and shall cause its property manager, 
operator or agent to execute, at least ten (10) days prior to Closing an assumption agreement 
acceptable to the Union, which shall be substantially in the form of the IWA Assumption 
Agreement attached hereto as Exhibit I-1 and made a part hereof to effectuate an assumption of 
the Collective Bargaining Agreement in its name (without modification or amendment) as of the 
Closing.  Notwithstanding the foregoing obligation to assume the Collective Bargaining 
Agreement and execute Exhibit I-1, Purchaser will be relieved of said obligation if Purchaser and 
the Union execute, and deliver to Seller, at least ten (10) days prior to Closing, the agreement 
attached hereto as Exhibit I-2 (“Alternative Agreement”).  The parties acknowledge the enactment 
of the Displaced Hotel Service Workers and Hotel Service Disruption Notifications Act, section 
22-510 of the Administrative Code of New York (the “DHSWNA”) and the Displaced Building 
Service Workers Protection Act, §22-505 of the Administrative Code of the City of New York 
(“BSWPA”).  By this Agreement, including, without limitation, Purchaser’s assumption of the 
Collective Bargaining Agreement, or providing a fully executed copy of the Alternative 
Agreement, the parties agree that the DHSWNA and the BSWPA do not apply to the transaction 
contemplated by this Agreement under §22-510(d)(1) and §22-505(f)(1) of the New York City 
Administrative Code.

16.6 
Under the Collective Bargaining Agreement, Seller’s Existing Manager currently 
contributes, on a monthly basis, various amounts under the (i) New York Hotel Trades Council 
and Hotel Association of New York City, Inc., Health Benefits Fund, (ii) New York Hotel Trades 
Council and Hotel Association of New York City, Inc., Pension Fund, (iii) New York Hotel Trades 
Council and Hotel Association of New York City, Inc. Prepaid Legal Services Fund, and (iv) New 
York Hotel Trades Council and Hotel Association of New York City, Inc., Industry Training and 
Scholarship Fund (collectively, the “Union Employee Benefit Funds”). At Closing, regular 
contributions paid or payable with respect to the Union Employee Benefit Funds shall be prorated, 
with the appropriate party receiving a credit or debit to the Purchase Price, on a pro rata basis based 
on the Closing Date.  In addition, at Closing Purchaser agrees to assume Seller’s responsibility to

33 
ACTIVE 61730742v13

=== page 216 ===
Case 25-11853-KBO    Doc 396-2    Filed 03/31/26    Page 216 of 551

pay any and all vacation and sick pay for the Bargaining Unit Employees, when payable, for which 
amounts Purchaser shall receive a credit at Closing.

16.7 
Retirement Plan.

(a) 
The parties intend to comply with section 4204(a)(1) of the Employee 
Retirement Income Security Act of 1974, as amended (“ERISA”), and to take any other action 
required or desirable, so that no withdrawal liability is imposed upon Seller as a result of the 
consummation of this transaction.

(b) 
To that end, at Closing Purchaser shall (or shall cause its property manager, 
operator or agent to) assume an obligation to make contributions to the New York Hotel Trades 
Council and Hotel Association of New York City, Inc. Pension Fund (hereafter, the “Retirement 
Plan”) in accordance with the Collective Bargaining Agreement, for substantially the same number 
of contribution base units, within the meaning of Section 4001(a)(11) of ERISA, for which Seller 
or Existing Manager had an obligation to contribute with respect to the Premises prior to the 
Closing.

(c) 
Purchaser agrees to reasonably cooperate with Seller and/or Retirement 
Plan representatives with respect to any inquiry or reasonable request for information and 
assistance in order to facilitate the transfer of the contribution obligation with respect to the 
Retirement Plan from Seller (or the Existing Manager of the Premises) to Purchaser (or the 
Existing Manager of the Premises).  The parties agree that they will notify the Retirement Plan of 
their intention that this transaction comply with Section 4204 of ERISA.

(d) 
Subject to Section 16.7(g), during the period commencing on the first day 
of the plan year following the Closing Date and ending on the expiration of the fifth (5th) such 
plan year (the “Contribution Period”), Purchaser shall provide to the Retirement Plan either a bond, 
letter of credit, or an escrow in an amount and manner meeting the requirements of Section 4204 
of ERISA.  The cost of any bond, letter of credit, or escrow provided under this Section 16.8 (d) 
shall be paid by Purchaser.

(e) 
To the extent required by Section 4204(a)(3) of ERISA, Seller or Existing 
Manager shall provide to the Retirement Plan a bond or escrow equal to the present value of the 
withdrawal liability Seller would have had to the Retirement Plan with respect to the assets 
acquired by Purchaser pursuant to this Agreement (but for the provisions of Section 4204 of 
ERISA), reduced to the extent provided under Section 4204(a)(3) of ERISA in the event only a 
portion of Seller’ assets are distributed during the Contribution Period.

(f) 
If Purchaser at any time withdraws from the Retirement Plan in a complete 
or partial withdrawal with respect to the assets acquired by Purchaser pursuant to this Agreement 
during the Contribution Period, Seller shall be secondarily liable for any withdrawal liability Seller 
would have had to the Retirement Plan with respect to the Premises (but for the provisions of 
Section 4204 of ERISA) if any withdrawal liability of Purchaser with respect to such Retirement 
Plan is not paid.  Purchaser agrees to provide Seller with a copy of any notice and demand for

34 
ACTIVE 61730742v13

=== page 217 ===
Case 25-11853-KBO    Doc 396-2    Filed 03/31/26    Page 217 of 551

payment of withdrawal liability that Purchaser receives from the Retirement Plan with respect to 
the Premises.

(g) 
Notwithstanding anything contained in Section 16.7(d) to the contrary, 
Purchaser shall not be obligated to provide any bond, letter of credit, or escrow in the event and to 
the extent Purchaser obtains from the Retirement Plan or the Pension Benefit Guaranty 
Corporation a variance or exemption under Section 4204(c) of ERISA and the applicable 
regulations thereunder.

(h) 
In the event that, notwithstanding the terms of this Section 16.7, the 
Retirement Plan assesses withdrawal liability based on this transaction or any event subsequent to 
the Closing against Seller, Existing Manager and/or any Seller Related Parties, including the 
assertion of secondary liability pursuant to section (f) above, Purchaser shall indemnify Seller, 
Existing Manager and any other Seller Related Parties from and against such withdrawal liability.

16.8 
Purchaser agrees to indemnify, defend and hold harmless Seller, Existing Manager 
and any other Seller Related Parties from and against any claim, liability, judgment or arbitration 
award asserted against any of the Seller Related Parties on account of or with respect to any of the 
following: (i) any causes of action, damages, complaints, judgments, orders and/or claims, 
whatsoever, and all costs and expenses (including, without limitation, reasonable attorneys’ fees 
and costs) incurred in connection therewith, which accrue and arise (or, in the case of omissions, 
failed to occur) on or after the Closing and may be asserted against any of the Seller Related Parties 
on account of any violation of the Collective Bargaining Agreement and/or Labor and Employment 
Laws occurring (or, in the case of omissions, failed to occur) on or after the Closing by Purchaser, 
or any designee or management company engaged by Purchaser to employ Premises personnel, 
except to the extent such are based solely on the acts of any Seller Related Parties, and (ii) any 
claims or liabilities arising (A) under ERISA, as amended and/or any other applicable federal or 
state law or regulation concerning employee benefit plans with respect to the employment of 
employees by Purchaser or such designee or management company on or after the Closing, or (B) 
from or under any employee benefit plan applicable to any Rehired Employee or any other 
employee hired by Purchaser or such designee or management company to perform services at or 
for the Premises, to the extent that any such claim or liability accrued or arose during any period 
of employment on or after the Closing.

16.9 
Seller agrees to indemnify, defend and hold harmless Purchaser and its affiliates, 
or any designee or management company engaged by Purchaser to employ Premises personnel, 
and their respective officers, directors, members, managers, partners, agents, employees, 
successors and assigns (herein, the “Purchaser Related Parties”) from and against any claim, 
liability, judgment or arbitration award asserted against any of the Purchaser Related Parties on 
account of or with respect to any of the following: (i) any causes of action, damages, complaints, 
judgments, orders and/or claims, whatsoever, and all costs and expenses (including, without 
limitation, reasonable attorneys’ fees and costs) incurred in connection therewith, which may be 
asserted against any of the Purchaser Related Parties on account of any violation of the Collective 
Bargaining Agreement and/or Labor and Employment Laws occurring (or, in the case of 
omissions, failed to occur)  prior to the Closing by Seller or Existing Manager, except to the extent 
such are based solely on the acts of any Purchaser Related Parties, or for which a closing 
adjustment credit has been issued hereunder, and (ii)  any claims or liabilities arising (A) under

35 
ACTIVE 61730742v13

=== page 218 ===
Case 25-11853-KBO    Doc 396-2    Filed 03/31/26    Page 218 of 551

ERISA, as amended, and/or any other applicable federal or state law or regulation concerning 
employee benefit plans with respect to the employment of employees by Seller or Existing 
Manager up to the Closing, or (B) from or under any employee benefit plan applicable to any 
Rehired Employee or any other employee hired by Purchaser or such designee or management 
company to perform services at or for the Premises, to the extent that any such claim or liability 
accrued or arose during any period of employment prior to the Closing.

16.10 For purposes of this Agreement, the term “Labor and Employment Laws” shall 
mean all federal, state or local labor and employment statutes, rules, and regulations, including, 
without limitation, National Labor Relations Act, 29 U.S.C. §§151, et seq., the Families First 
Coronavirus Response Act, the Fair Labor Standards Act, 29 U.S.C. §§201, et seq., the New York 
State Labor Law §§650, et seq. and applicable regulations, 12 NYCRR 142-2.2, et seq., the Code, 
ERISA, Multi-Employer Pension Plan Amendments Act of 1980, Section 1981 through 1988 of 
Title 42 of the United States Code, Title VII of the Civil Rights Act of 1964, the Civil Rights Acts 
of 1866, 1871, and 1991, 42 U.S.C. §§2000(e), et seq., the Equal Pay Act, the Americans With 
Disabilities Act of 1990, 42 U.S.C. §§12101, et seq., the Family and Medical Leave Act of 1993, 
29 U.S.C. §§2601, et seq., Genetic Information Nondiscrimination Act of 2008, the Rehabilitation 
Act, the Immigration Reform Control Act,  Uniformed Services Employment and Reemployment 
Rights Act, New York State Executive Law §§290, et seq., the New York City Human Rights 
Code, Administrative Code of the City of New York, §8-101, et seq., the Rehabilitation Act of 
1973, 29 U.S.C. §§701, et seq., the Consolidated Omnibus Budget Reconciliation Act of 1985, 29 
U.S.C. §§1161, et seq., the Occupational Safety and Health Act, 29 U.S.C. §§651, et seq., the Age 
Discrimination in Employment Act of 1967, 29 U.S.C. §§621, et seq., the Older Workers’ Benefit 
Protection Act, the Fair Credit Reporting Act, the Sarbanes-Oxley Act, the New York State Human 
Rights Law, the New York Executive Law, the New York Civil Rights Law, the New York Equal 
Pay Law, the New York Legal Activities Law, the New York State Wage and Hour and Wage 
Payment Laws, the New York Minimum Wage Law, the New York Whistleblower Law,  the New 
York Worker Health and Safety Act, the Retaliation/Discrimination Provisions of the New York 
Workers’ Compensation Law and the New York State Disabilities Benefits Law,  the New York 
State Paid Family Leave Benefits Law,  the federal and New York State Worker Adjustment and 
Retraining Notification Acts (collectively, the “WARN Acts”), the Coronavirus Aid, Relief, and 
Economic Security Act, the American Rescue Plan of 2021, the DBSWPA, N.Y. Real Property 
Tax Law § 421-a, New York State Sick Leave Law, New York City Earned Safe and Sick Time 
Act, the New York Quarantine Leave Law, New York City Fair Chance Act, the New York City 
Administrative Code and Charter or any other federal, state or local human rights, civil rights, 
wage-and-hour, wage-payment, pension, labor or employment-related laws, or their respective 
implementing laws, rules and/or regulation(s) with respect to the Premises and all other statutes, 
laws, regulations, ordinance or rules regulating the terms and conditions of employment (as 
amended from time to time, and together with any similar laws now or hereafter enacted), under 
the common law or in equity (including any claims for wrongful discharge or otherwise), each as 
amended, or under any policy, agreement, understanding or promise, written or oral, formal or 
informal.

16.11 Seller and Purchaser (on their own behalf and/or through their respective property 
managers) agree to cooperate reasonably with each other to the extent legally permissible in the 
defense of any claims, grievances, lawsuits or other charges brought by or on behalf of any Hotel 
Employees or former Hotel Employees.  Such cooperation shall include providing: (i) workers’

36 
ACTIVE 61730742v13

=== page 219 ===
Case 25-11853-KBO    Doc 396-2    Filed 03/31/26    Page 219 of 551

compensation claims processing; (ii) access to and copying of personnel records and other 
documents that either party has in its possession which related to any such claims, lawsuits or 
charges to the extent legally permissible regardless of whether such materials are proprietary 
material (provided that, upon the request of the other party, such accessing party shall execute a 
customary form of non-disclosure agreement with respect to such access); and (iii) availability of 
employees of the aforementioned entities for such matters as interviews, depositions and to testify.  
No party shall have the duty to cooperate with the others if the dispute is between the parties 
themselves.

16.12 Purchaser’s and Seller’s obligations under this Article 16 shall survive Closing

Article 17. 
Notices.

17.1 
Any notice or other communication given by either party hereto to the other relating 
to this Agreement (a “notice”) shall be in writing and sent to the party to which the notice is being 
made by nationally recognized overnight courier or delivered by hand with receipt acknowledged 
(provided that in either case a copy of such notice is also delivered on the same day (or earlier) by 
electronic mail) in writing as follows:

If to Seller, to:

EC 58th Street LLC 
c/o Cain International US Services LP 
350 Park Avenue, 14th Floor 
New York, New York 10022 
Attention:  Cain Legal 
Email: legal@cainint.com

with a copy to Seller’s attorney:

Greenberg Traurig, LLP 
One Vanderbilt Avenue 
New York, New York 10017 
Attention:  Farah S. Ahmed, Esq. 
Email: ahmedf@gtlaw.com 
 
If to Purchaser, to:

CSC Hudson, LLC 
c/o CSC Co-Living 
6 St. Johns Lane 
New York, New York 10013 
Attention: Sal Smeke and Alberto Smeke 
Email: ss@csc-coliving.com 
           as@csc-coliving.com

37 
ACTIVE 61730742v13

=== page 220 ===
Case 25-11853-KBO    Doc 396-2    Filed 03/31/26    Page 220 of 551

with a copy to Purchaser’s attorney:

Cole Schotz P.C. 
1325 Avenue of the Americas, 19th Floor 
New York, New York 10019 
Attn: Jordan J. Metzger, Esq. 
E-mail: jmetzger@coleschotz.com

If to Escrow Agent:

First American Title Insurance Company 
666 Third Avenue, 5th Floor  
New York, New York 10017 
Attention:  Patricia A. LaPorta, Esq.  
Email: plaporta@firstam.com

17.2 
Notices or other communications (including agreements) signed by the attorneys 
for the respective parties shall be deemed binding upon the parties.  Either party may by notice to 
the other change the person or address for receipt of notices.  Notices sent by hand delivery or 
recognized overnight courier service shall be effective when received or rejected by the recipient 
or the recipient’s office or firm.

Article 18. 
Intentionally omitted.

Article 19. 
Assignment.

19.1 
Neither this Agreement nor any of the rights of Purchaser hereunder may be 
assigned or transferred by Purchaser without Seller’s prior written consent, which consent may be 
granted or withheld in Seller’s sole and absolute discretion, and any purported assignment or 
encumbrance without Seller’s prior written consent shall be null and void, and shall constitute a 
default hereunder, which default is not capable of being cured.  Notwithstanding the foregoing, 
Purchaser shall have the right to assign its rights under this Agreement to one or more Permitted 
Designees of Purchaser without the consent of Seller so long as Purchaser delivers to Seller a fully 
executed and effective assignment and assumption agreement conveying to such designee(s) all of 
Purchaser’s right, title and interest in, to and under this Agreement and the Deposit at least fifteen 
(15) days prior to Closing.  No such assignment to a Permitted Designee shall relieve Purchaser of 
its obligations under this Agreement.  For the avoidance of doubt: (a) Purchaser shall have the 
right, without Seller’s prior written consent, to designate separate Permitted Designees to take fee 
simple title and leasehold title, as applicable, to each Unit at Closing; and (b) Seller acknowledges 
and agrees that at Closing, Purchaser intends to take leasehold title to the Leased Units in the 
names of two (2) separate and distinct Permitted Designees and, further, that Purchaser intends to 
take fee title to the Owned Units in one (1) or two (2) additional Permitted Designees, separate 
and distinct from the Permitted Designees taking leasehold title to the Leased Units.  A “Permitted

38 
ACTIVE 61730742v13

=== page 221 ===
Case 25-11853-KBO    Doc 396-2    Filed 03/31/26    Page 221 of 551

Designee” shall mean: (i) any other entity that is directly or indirectly (through one or more 
intermediaries) controlled by Sal Smeke and/or Alberto Smeke, or (ii) any other entity in which 
Sal Smeke and/or Alberto Smeke has a direct or indirect equity interest in the controlling entity 
(e.g. the managing member of an entity) of such entity. For purposes of this definition, “control” 
shall mean the possession, directly or indirectly, of the power to direct or cause the direction of 
the management and policies or the power to veto major policy decisions whether through the 
ownership of voting securities, by contract or otherwise.

Article 20. 
Escrow.

20.1 
Escrow Agent shall hold the Deposit, together with all interest earned thereon, in 
its interest-bearing escrow account, in accordance with the following:

(a) 
Escrow Agent shall hold the Deposit, together with all interest earned 
thereon, in Escrow Agent’s escrow account at a national bank selected by Escrow Agent in its 
reasonable discretion.  All interest will accrue to and be reported to applicable taxing authorities, 
including the Internal Revenue Service, for the account of Seller.  Such party shall supply the 
Escrow Agent with a completed Form W-9, concurrently with the execution of this Agreement.  
Escrow Agent shall have no liability for any fluctuations in the interest rate paid on the Deposit, 
and is not a guarantor thereof.  Failure of the parties to provide the W-9 will result in the Deposit 
being placed in a non-interest bearing account.

(b) 
At Closing, the Deposit, together with any interest accrued thereon, shall be 
credited to the Purchase Price and shall be paid by Escrow Agent to Seller.  At Closing, interest 
on the Deposit shall be paid to Seller as payment towards the Balance of the Purchase Price.  If 
Escrow Agent receives a written notice signed by both Seller and Purchaser that this Agreement 
has been terminated or canceled, Escrow Agent shall deliver the Deposit, together with the interest 
thereon, as directed therein.

(c) 
If Escrow Agent receives a written request signed by Purchaser or Seller 
(the “Noticing Party”) stating that this Agreement has been canceled or terminated and that the 
Noticing Party is entitled to the Deposit, or that the other party hereto (the “Non-Noticing Party”) 
has defaulted in the performance of its obligations hereunder, Escrow Agent shall overnight by 
nationally recognized courier and e-mail a copy of such request to the Non-Noticing Party.  The 
Non-Noticing Party shall have the right to object to such request for the Deposit by written notice 
of objection delivered to and received by Escrow Agent within ten (10) Business Days after the 
Non-Noticing Party’s receipt of such copy, but not thereafter.  If Escrow Agent shall not have so 
received a timely written notice of objection from the Non-Noticing Party, Escrow Agent shall 
deliver the Deposit, together with the interest earned thereon, to the Noticing Party.  If Escrow 
Agent shall have received a written notice of objection within the time herein prescribed, Escrow 
Agent shall refuse to comply with any requests or demands from either party and shall continue to 
hold the Deposit, together with any interest earned thereon, until Escrow Agent receives either 
(a) a written notice signed by both Seller and Purchaser stating who is entitled to the Deposit (and 
interest) or (b) a final order of a court of competent jurisdiction directing disbursement of the 
Deposit (and interest) in a specific manner, in either of which events Escrow Agent shall then 
disburse the Deposit, together with the interest earned thereon, in accordance with such notice or 
order.  Escrow Agent shall not be or become liable in any way or to any person for its refusal to

39 
ACTIVE 61730742v13

=== page 222 ===
Case 25-11853-KBO    Doc 396-2    Filed 03/31/26    Page 222 of 551

comply with any such requests or demands until and unless it has received a direction of the nature 
described in subdivision (a) or (b) above.

20.2 
Any notice to Escrow Agent shall be sufficient only if received by Escrow Agent 
within the applicable time period set forth herein.  All mailings and notices from Escrow Agent to 
Seller and/or Purchaser, or from Seller and/or Purchaser to Escrow Agent, provided for in this 
Article 20 shall be addressed to the party to receive such notice at its notice address set forth in 
Article 17 above (with copies to be similarly sent to the additional persons therein indicated), but 
the provisions of Article 17 relating to the manner of giving notices and the effective dates thereof 
shall have no application to the provisions of this Article 20.

20.3 
Notwithstanding the foregoing, if Escrow Agent shall have received a written 
notice of objection as provided for in Section 20.1(c) above within the time therein prescribed, or 
shall have received at any time before actual disbursement of the Deposit a written notice signed 
by either Seller or Purchaser disputing entitlement to the Deposit or shall otherwise believe in good 
faith at any time that a disagreement or dispute has arisen between the parties hereto over 
entitlement to the Deposit (whether or not litigation has been instituted), Escrow Agent shall have 
the right, upon written notice to both Seller and Purchaser, (a) to deposit the Deposit, together with 
the interest earned thereon with the Clerk of the Court in which any litigation is pending and/or 
(b) to take such reasonable affirmative steps as it may, at its option, elect in order to terminate its 
duties as Escrow Agent, including, without limitation, the depositing of the Deposit, together with 
the interest earned thereon, with a court of competent jurisdiction and the commencement of an 
action for interpleader, the costs thereof to be borne by whichever of Seller or Purchaser is the 
losing party, and thereupon Escrow Agent shall be released of and from all liability hereunder, 
except for any previous gross negligence or willful misconduct.

20.4 
Escrow Agent is acting hereunder without charge as an accommodation to 
Purchaser and Seller, it being understood and agreed that Escrow Agent shall not be liable for any 
error in judgment or any act done or omitted by it in good faith or pursuant to court order, or for 
any mistake of fact or law.  Escrow Agent shall not incur any liability in acting upon any document 
or instrument believed thereby to be genuine.  Escrow Agent is hereby released and exculpated 
from all liability hereunder, except only for willful misconduct or gross negligence.  Escrow Agent 
may assume that any person purporting to give it any notice on behalf of any party has been 
authorized to do so.  Escrow Agent shall not be liable for, and Purchaser and Seller hereby jointly 
and severally agree to indemnify Escrow Agent against, any loss, liability or expense, including 
reasonable attorney’s fees, arising out of any dispute under this Agreement, including the cost and 
expense of defending itself against any claim arising hereunder.

20.5 
Seller and Purchaser agree that Escrow Agent shall not be liable for any loss or 
impairment of the Deposit while the Deposit is in the course of collection or of the escrow if such 
loss or impairment results from the failure, insolvency or suspension of the financial institution in 
which the Deposit is deposited.

20.6 
Escrow Agent shall be entitled to select any and all counsel who may be retained 
to defend or prosecute any action on behalf of Escrow Agent under or arising out of this 
Agreement.

40 
ACTIVE 61730742v13

=== page 223 ===
Case 25-11853-KBO    Doc 396-2    Filed 03/31/26    Page 223 of 551

20.7 
If either Purchaser or Seller becomes subject to a voluntary or involuntary 
proceeding under the United States Bankruptcy Code, or if Escrow Agent is otherwise served with 
legal process which directs Escrow Agent to not disburse the funds deposited with Escrow Agent, 
Escrow Agent shall have the right to place a hold on funds deposited with Escrow Agent until such 
time as Escrow Agent receives an appropriate court order or other assurances satisfactory to 
Escrow Agent (in Escrow Agent’s reasonable discretion) establishing that the funds may continue 
to be held or disbursed, as the case may be, according to the instructions contained in this 
Agreement.

Article 21. 
Intentionally omitted.

Article 22. 
Miscellaneous.

22.1 
Seller and Purchaser each reserve the right to include this transaction as part of 
one (1) or more Code Section 1031 tax deferred exchange transactions, at no out-of-pocket cost, 
expense or liability to the other party hereto (other than de minimis legal fees to review the 
documentation required to effectuate such transactions), including, without limitation, one (1) or 
more reverse exchange transactions.  Seller and Purchaser agree to cooperate with the other party 
hereto, and to execute any and all documents as are reasonably necessary in connection therewith, 
provided that the closing of the transaction for the conveyance of the Premises shall not be 
contingent upon, and shall not be subject to, the completion of such exchange, nor shall such affect 
the Closing Date hereunder.  Purchaser and/or Seller, as applicable, shall be obligated to close title 
to the Premises on or before the Closing Date whether or not Purchaser and/or Seller, as applicable, 
shall have consummated a 1031 exchange transaction.  Nothing set forth herein shall require 
Purchaser to take title to any property other than the Premises described herein.

22.2 
All understandings and agreements heretofore had between Seller and Purchaser 
are merged in this Agreement, which alone completely expresses their agreement, and this 
Agreement is entered into after full investigation, neither party relying upon any statement or 
representation made by the other and not embodied in this Agreement.

22.3 
Purchaser’s acceptance of the Deeds and the Assignment and Assumption of Leases 
to the Units shall be deemed an acknowledgment by Purchaser that Seller has fully complied with 
all of its obligations hereunder and under any supplements, side letters, modifications, or 
amendments to this Agreement; that Seller is discharged therefrom (or Purchaser has waived 
compliance therewith); and that Seller shall have no further obligation or liability with respect to 
any of the agreements, representations and/or warranties made by Seller in this Agreement, which 
shall be merged with the Deeds and the Assignment and Assumption of Leases to the Units; except 
for those provisions of this Agreement and of any supplements, side letters, modifications, or 
amendments to this Agreement, which, in any case, expressly provide that certain obligations of 
Seller shall survive the Closing and except as otherwise set forth in the Closing Documents.

22.4 
This Agreement shall be binding upon and shall inure to the benefit of the parties 
hereto and their respective heirs, successors and permitted assigns.

41 
ACTIVE 61730742v13

=== page 224 ===
Case 25-11853-KBO    Doc 396-2    Filed 03/31/26    Page 224 of 551

22.5 
This Agreement does not constitute an offer to sell and shall not bind Seller unless 
and until Seller elects to be bound hereby by duly executing and delivering to Purchaser an 
executed original counterpart hereof.

22.6 
This Agreement may only be amended, modified, altered, supplemented or, except 
as otherwise expressly provided herein, terminated, by a written instrument signed by Seller and 
Purchaser.

22.7 
If any provision of this Agreement or the application thereof to any party or 
circumstances shall, to any extent, be invalid or unenforceable, the remainder of this Agreement, 
or the application of such provision to parties or circumstances other than those as to which it is 
invalid or unenforceable, shall not be affected thereby, and each provision shall be valid and be 
enforced to the fullest extent permitted by law.

22.8 
This Agreement, and the rights, obligations and relations of the parties hereunder, 
shall be governed by and construed and enforced in accordance with the laws of the State of New 
York without giving effect to the conflict-of-law rules and principles of that state.

22.9 
Purchaser shall not be permitted to record this Agreement and all recordation 
offices are specifically instructed not to record the same.  Any recordation or attempted recordation 
shall constitute an immediate default hereunder and shall entitle Seller to terminate this Agreement 
and retain the Deposit.  Supplementing the other liabilities and indemnities of Purchaser to Seller 
under this Agreement, and notwithstanding any other provision of this Agreement (including any 
provision purporting to create a sole and exclusive remedy for the benefit of Seller), Purchaser 
agrees to indemnify, defend and hold Seller harmless from and against any and all actual losses, 
costs, actual damages, liens, claims, counterclaims, liabilities or expenses (including, but not 
limited to, reasonable attorneys’ fees, court costs and disbursements) incurred by Seller arising 
from or by reason of the recording of this Agreement, any memorandum hereof, or any notice of 
pendency or any other instrument against the Premises in any case, by Purchaser.  Notwithstanding 
the foregoing, Purchaser may file a lis pendens or other instrument against all or a portion of the 
Premises in connection with Purchaser’s filing of an action for specific performance in accordance 
with Section 15.2.

22.10 Purchaser and Seller acknowledge and agree that the sale of the Premises 
contemplated hereunder shall be made in accordance with the terms and conditions of the 
Condominium Documents.

22.11 Whenever the time for performance of a covenant or condition required to be 
performed pursuant to the terms of this Agreement falls upon a Saturday, Sunday or Federal or 
State of New York holiday, such time for performance shall be extended to the next Business Day.  
Otherwise, all references herein to “days” shall mean calendar days.  Unless otherwise specified, 
in computing any period of time described herein, the day of the act or event after which the 
designated period of time begins to run is not to be included and the last day of the period so 
computed is to be included.

22.12 A facsimile, “pdf” and/or electronic copy of a signed original counterpart of this 
Agreement shall be deemed sufficient to bind the parties, and shall be deemed an original for all

42 
ACTIVE 61730742v13

=== page 225 ===
Case 25-11853-KBO    Doc 396-2    Filed 03/31/26    Page 225 of 551

purposes.  This Agreement may be executed in any number of counterparts, each of which shall 
be deemed an original, and all of which, when combined, shall constitute one (1) fully executed 
original document.

22.13 THE PARTIES HERETO WAIVE TRIAL BY JURY IN CONNECTION WITH 
ANY AND ALL MATTERS ARISING OUT OF THIS AGREEMENT OR THE 
TRANSACTIONS CONTEMPLATED HEREUNDER.

22.14 IN 
ANY 
JUDICIAL 
PROCEEDING 
INVOLVING, 
DIRECTLY 
OR 
INDIRECTLY, ANY MATTER ARISING OUT OF OR RELATED TO THIS AGREEMENT 
OR THE RELATIONSHIP ESTABLISHED HEREUNDER, THE PARTIES HEREBY 
IRREVOCABLY SUBMIT TO THE NON-EXCLUSIVE JURISDICTION OF ANY STATE OR 
FEDERAL COURT LOCATED IN NEW YORK COUNTY AND AGREE NOT TO RAISE 
ANY OBJECTION TO SUCH JURISDICTION OR TO THE LAYING OR MAINTAINING OF 
THE VENUE OF ANY SUCH PROCEEDING IN SUCH COURT.

22.15 The captions in this Agreement are inserted for convenience of reference only and 
in no way define, describe or limit the scope or intent of this Agreement or any of the provisions 
hereof.

22.16 Purchaser agrees that, except as otherwise set forth in this Agreement or provided 
by law, or unless compelled by an order of a court of competent jurisdiction, it shall keep the 
contents of this Agreement, Seller’s Due Diligence Materials, and any information related to the 
transactions contemplated hereunder, confidential, unless and until the Closing Date shall occur. 
Seller and Purchaser further agree to refrain from participating in any publicity statement, press 
release or other public notice regarding this transaction prior to the Closing Date, without the prior 
written consent of the other party hereto, unless required under applicable law or by a court order. 
Following the Closing Date, neither party shall disclose the name or identity of the other party or 
the material terms of the transaction contemplated hereby in any publicity statement, press release 
or other public notice, without the prior written consent of the other party hereto, unless required 
under applicable law or by a court order. Notwithstanding the foregoing, the parties hereto shall 
be permitted to disclose the terms and conditions of this Agreement to their and their affiliates’ 
respective attorneys, employees, agents, representatives, accountants, lenders and prospective 
lenders, partners and prospective partners, joint venture partners, consultants, financial analysts, 
bankers, auditors and other similar persons who reasonably require such information, all of whom 
shall be advised, in writing, of the confidential nature of this Agreement, as well as in connection 
with the enforcement of this Agreement.  The provisions of this Section 22.16 shall survive Closing 
or termination of this Agreement.

22.17 If a suit, action, arbitration, mediation or other action is instituted to interpret or 
enforce this Agreement, or otherwise concerning this Agreement or the transactions contemplated 
hereby, the prevailing party (regardless of whether such party prevails on substantive or procedural 
grounds) pursuant to a final and non-appealable order or judgment shall be entitled to recover from 
the other party all actual and reasonable costs and expenses of any such action, including, but not 
limited to, attorneys’ fees and expenses, including all such costs and expenses incurred in any trial, 
on any appeal, in any bankruptcy proceeding (including the adjudication of issues peculiar to 
bankruptcy law) and in any petition for review.  Each party also shall have the right to recover its

43 
ACTIVE 61730742v13

=== page 226 ===
Case 25-11853-KBO    Doc 396-2    Filed 03/31/26    Page 226 of 551

costs and attorneys’ fees incurred in collecting any sum or debt owed to it by the other party, with 
or without litigation, if such sum or debt is not paid within fifteen (15) days after written demand 
following the issuance of the final and non-appealable order or judgment in favor of the prevailing 
party.  The provisions of this Section 22.17 shall survive Closing or termination of this Agreement.

22.18 Seller and Purchaser will do, execute, acknowledge and deliver all and every such 
further acts, deeds, conveyances, assignments, notices, transfers and assurances as may be 
reasonably required by the other party for carrying out the intentions or facilitating the 
consummation of this Agreement.  The provisions of this Section 22.18 shall survive the Closing.

22.19 Notwithstanding anything to the contrary herein, Purchaser on its own behalf and 
on behalf of Purchaser Related Parties, hereby agrees that in no event or circumstance shall any of 
the Seller Related Parties have any personal liability under this Agreement.  Seller on its own 
behalf and on behalf of the Seller Related Parties hereby agrees that in no event shall any of the 
Purchaser Related Parties have any personal liability under this Agreement.  The provisions of this 
Section 22.19 shall survive the termination of this Agreement and the Closing.

[NO FURTHER TEXT ON THIS PAGE.  SIGNATURE PAGE FOLLOWS.]

44 
ACTIVE 61730742v13

=== page 227 ===
Case 25-11853-KBO    Doc 396-2    Filed 03/31/26    Page 227 of 551

Sal Smeke
Authorized Signatory

IN WITNESS WHEREOF, Seller and Purchaser have each duly executed this 
Agreement as of the date first above written. 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
PURCHASER: 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
CSC HUDSON, LLC,  
 
 
 
 
 
 
a Delaware limited liability company  
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
By: 
_________________________ 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Name: 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Title:

[Signatures Continue on Following Page]

[Signature Page to Purchase and Sale Agreement]

=== page 228 ===
Case 25-11853-KBO    Doc 396-2    Filed 03/31/26    Page 228 of 551

SELLER:

EC 58TH STREET LLC,  
a Delaware limited liability company

By: 
_________________________ 
Name: 
Title:

Anthony D. Minella
President

[Signatures Continue on Following Page]

[Signature Page to Purchase and Sale Agreement]

=== page 229 ===
Case 25-11853-KBO    Doc 396-2    Filed 03/31/26    Page 229 of 551

The undersigned has executed this Agreement  
solely to confirm its acceptance of the duties of  
Escrow Agent as set forth in Article 20 hereof: 
 
ESCROW AGENT: 
 
FIRST AMERICAN TITLE INSURANCE COMPANY 
 
 
 
By: 
____________________________ 
 
Name: 
 
Title:

[Signature Page to Purchase and Sale Agreement]

=== page 230 ===
Case 25-11853-KBO    Doc 396-2    Filed 03/31/26    Page 230 of 551

EXHIBIT A

LEGAL DESCRIPTION OF THE UNITS

THE CONDOMINIUM UNITS (hereinafter referred to as the "Units") in the building (hereinafter 
referred to as the "Building") known as 353 West 57th Street Condominium and by the street 
number 353-361 West 57th Street a/k/a 358-366 West 58th Street, County of New York, State 
of New York, said Units being designated and described as Units Nos. 1, 2 ,4 and 6 in a Declaration 
dated 4/11/1985 made by Irving Schatz, pursuant to Article 9-B of the Real Property Law of the 
State of New York (hereinafter referred to as the "Condominium Act") establishing a Plan for 
condominium ownership of the Building and the Land (hereinafter referred to as the "Land") upon 
which the Building is situate (which Land is more particularly described in Exhibit A annexed 
hereto and by this reference made a part hereof), which Declaration was recorded in the Office of 
the City Register of the City of New York, County of New York, on 4/24/1985 in Reel 902 Page 
1 as amended by First Amendment to Declaration dated 1/29/1993 and recorded 5/11/1993 in 
Reel 1969 Page 2286, as amended by Amended and Restated Declaration made by Henry 
Hudson Holdings LLC, Irving Schatz, Adrienne Wechsler and Cheryl Hirsch dated as of 2/12/1999 
and recorded 7/16/1999 in Reel 2913 Page 1753 and Amendment to Amended and Restated 
Declaration dated as of 9/30/1999 and recorded 10/27/1999 in Reel 2979 Page 2159 (which 
Declaration and Amendments thereto are hereinafter collectively referred to as the "Declaration"). 
These Units are also designated as Tax Lots 1701, 1702, 1704 and 1706 in Block 1048 of the 
County of New York on the Tax Map of the Real Property Assessment Department and on the 
Floor Plans of the Building, certified by Butler Rogers Baskett Architects, and filed with the Real 
Property Assessment Department as Condominium Plan No. 208 and also filed in the Office of 
the City Register of the City of New York, County of New York, on 4/24/1985 as Condominium 
Map No. 4326 and recorded 4/24/1985 as Reel 8500 Page 4326, as amended by Amended 
Condominium Plan No. 208-A filed 5/11/1993 as Amended Condominium Map No. 5192 and 
recorded 5/11/1993 as Reel 9300 Page 5192.

TOGETHER with an undivided 44.05105 % interest (as to Unit 1, Lot 1701), 46.94011 % interest 
(as to Unit 2, Lot 1702), 0.34577 % interest (as to Unit 4, Lot 1704) and 3.89067 % interest (as to 
Unit 6, Lot 1706) in the Common Elements (as such term is defined in the Declaration).

The Land on which the Building and Units are located is situated in the County of New York and 
State of New York and is more fully described in the Declaration.

As to Unit 1704, the premises hereby insured is the leasehold interest originally demised by that 
certain Lease dated as of 1/1/1999 made by and between Adrienne Schatz (a/k/a Adrianne 
Wachsler) and Cheryl Hirsch, as landlord and Henry Hudson Holdings LLC, as tenant, a 
Memorandum of which was dated as of 9/30/1999 and recorded 10/27/1999 in Reel 2979 Page 
2172 (as subsequently amended and assigned).

As to Unit 1706, the premises hereby insured is the leasehold interest originally demised by that 
Lease dated as of 2/11/1999 made by and between Irving Schatz, as landlord and Ian Schrager 
Hotels LLC, as tenant, (as subsequently amended and assigned).

ACTIVE 62699126v2

=== page 231 ===
Case 25-11853-KBO    Doc 396-2    Filed 03/31/26    Page 231 of 551

EXHIBIT A

ALL THAT CERTAIN plot, piece or parcel of land, situate, lying and being in the Borough of 
Manhattan, County of New York, City and State of New York, bounded and described as follows:

BEGINNING at a point on the northerly side of West 57th Street, distant 20 feet easterly from the 
corner formed by the intersection of the easterly side of Ninth Avenue with the northerly side of 
West 57th Street;

RUNNING THENCE easterly along the said northerly side of West 57th Street, 155 feet;

THENCE northerly parallel with Ninth Avenue, 200 feet 10 inches to the southerly side of West 
58th Street;

THENCE westerly along the said southerly side of West 58th Street, 135 feet to a point distant 40 
feet easterly from the corner formed by the intersection of the southerly side of West 58th Street 
with the easterly side of Ninth Avenue;

THENCE southerly parallel with Ninth Avenue and part of the distance through a party wall, 100 
feet 10 inches;

THENCE westerly parallel, more or less, with West 58th Street, 20 feet;

THENCE southerly and part of the way through a party wall, 100 feet to the northerly side of West 
57th Street, the point or place of BEGINNING.

For Information Only:   Said premises are known as 353 West 57th Street Condominium, 353-361 
West 57th Street a/k/a 358-366 West 58th Street, Units 1, 2, 4 and 6, New York, NY and designated 
as Block 1048 Lots 1701, 1702, 1704 and 1706  as shown on the Tax Map of the City of New York, 
County of New York

ACTIVE 62699126v2

=== page 232 ===
Case 25-11853-KBO    Doc 396-2    Filed 03/31/26    Page 232 of 551

EXHIBIT B

FORM OF CONDOMINIUM UNIT DEED

Attached

=== page 233 ===
Case 25-11853-KBO    Doc 396-2    Filed 03/31/26    Page 233 of 551

FORM OF CONDOMINIUM UNIT DEED

EC 58TH STREET LLC, GRANTOR

TO

[______________], GRANTEE

CONDOMINIUM UNIT[S] DEED1

353-361 West 57th Street a/k/a 356 West 58th Street 
Unit[s] 1 [and 2]  
New York, New York 10019

County: 
New York 
Block: 
1048

Lots: 
1701 [and 1702]

Record and Return To:

Cole Schotz P.C. 
1325 Avenue of the Americas 
19th Floor 
New York, NY 10019 
Attn: Jordan Metzger

1 Purchaser reserves the right to bifurcate this Deed into separate deeds for each Unit, 
potentially with different Purchaser entities taking title to each Unit.

61458/0006-42437678v1 
ACTIVE 62692978v3

=== page 234 ===
Case 25-11853-KBO    Doc 396-2    Filed 03/31/26    Page 234 of 551

CONDOMINIUM UNIT[S] DEED

THIS INDENTURE, made as of the ___ day of _______________, 2022, by EC 58th 
Street LLC, a Delaware limited liability company, having an address at c/o Cain International US 
Services LP, 350 Park Avenue, 14th Floor, New York, New York 10022, (hereinafter referred to 
as the "Grantor") to [__________________], a Delaware limited liability company having an 
address at c/o CSC Co-Living, 6 St. Johns Lane, New York, New York 10013 (hereinafter referred 
to as the "Grantee").

W I T N E S S E T H:

That the Grantor, in consideration of Ten ($10.00) Dollars and other valuable 
consideration, paid by the Grantee, does hereby grant and release unto the Grantee, and the heirs 
or successors and assigns of the Grantee, forever:

The Condominium Unit[s] (the “Unit[s]”) in the premises known as 353 West 57th Street 
Condominium in the Building (the “Building”) located and known as and by street address 353-
361 West 57th Street a/k/a 356 West 58th Street, New York, New York, (the “Property”), 
designated and described as Unit No. 1 [and Unit No. 2] in that certain declaration of condominium 
(the “Declaration”) establishing a plan for condominium ownership of the Building and the land 
upon which it is situate (the “Land”) under Article 9-B of the Real Property Law of the State of 
New York, dated April 11, 1985 and recorded on April 24, 1985 in Reel 902 Page 1, which 
Declaration was amended by the First Amendment to Declaration made by Irving Schatz dated 
January 29, 1993 and recorded May 11, 1993 in Reel 1969 Page  2286 and was further amended 
by the Amended and Restated Declaration, dated as of February 12, 1999 and recorded July 16, 
1999 in Reel 2913 Page 1753 and further amended by Amendment to Amended and Restated 
Declaration dated as of September 30, 1999 and recorded October 27, 1999 in Reel 2979 Page 
2159 (which Declaration as amended is hereinafter referred to as the “Declaration”). The Unit[s] 
[is/are] also designated as Tax Lot[s] 1701 [and 1702] in Block 1048 Section 4 of the Borough of 
Manhattan on the Tax Map of the Real Property Assessment Department of The City of New York 
and on the Floor Plans of the  Building, certified by Butler Rogers Baskett Architects on March 
27, 1985  and also filed with the Real Property Assessment Department of the City of New York 
on April 22, 1985 as Condominium Plan No. 208, and also filed in the New York County Register’s 
Office on April 24, 1985 as Condominium Map No. 4326, as amended by amended Floor Plans 
Certified by Butler Rogers Baskett Architects on December 14, 1992, which amended Floor Plans 
were filed in the Real Property Assessment Department of the City of New York on May 5, 1993 
as Condominium Plan No. 208A and also filed in the New York County Register’s Office on May 
11, 1993 as Condominium Map No. 5192.

The Unit[s] together with their undivided percentage interests in common elements and the 
premises within which the Unit[s] [is/are] located [is/are] more particularly described in Exhibit 
A attached hereto and made a part hereof.  All capitalized terms herein which are not separately 
defined herein shall have the meanings given to those terms in the Declaration or in the by-laws 
of 353 West 57th Street Condominium (said by-laws, as the same may be amended from time to 
time, are hereinafter referred to as the “By-Laws”).

61458/0006-42437678v1 
ACTIVE 62692978v3

=== page 235 ===
Case 25-11853-KBO    Doc 396-2    Filed 03/31/26    Page 235 of 551

Being the same premises conveyed to Grantor from Henry Hudson Holdings, LLC by Deed 
in Lieu of Foreclosure dated 11/24/2020 and recorded 12/4/2020 as CRFN 2020000344628.

Together with the appurtenances and all the estate and rights of the Grantor in and to the 
Unit[s]; and

Together with, and subject to, the rights, obligations, easements, restrictions and other 
provisions set forth in the Declaration and the By-Laws, all of which shall constitute covenants 
running with the Land shall bind any person having at any time any interest or estate in the Unit[s], 
as though recited and stipulated at length herein.

Subject to such other liens, agreements, covenants, easements, restrictions and other matters 
of record as pertain to the Unit[s] and/or the Property.

TO HAVE AND TO HOLD the premises herein granted unto Grantee, the heirs or 
successors and assigns of the Grantee, forever.

If any provisions of the Declaration or the By-Laws is invalid under, or would cause the 
Declaration or the By-Laws to be insufficient to submit the Property to the provisions of the New 
York Condominium Act, or if any provisionꞏ that is necessary to cause the Declaration and the By-
Laws to be sufficient to submit the Property to the provisions of the New York Condominium Act is 
missing from the Declaration or the By-Laws, or if the Declaration and the By-Laws are insufficient 
to submit the Property to the provisions of the New York Condominium Act, the applicable 
provisions of Article 26 of the Declaration shall control.

Except as otherwise provided in the Declaration or the By-Laws, the  Unit[s] are intended for 
any lawful use.

The Grantor, in compliance with Section 13 of the Lien Law of the State of New York, 
covenants that the Grantor will receive the consideration for this conveyance and will hold the right to 
receive such consideration as a trust fund for the purposes of paying the cost of the improvement and 
will apply the same first to the payment of the cost of the improvement before using any part of the 
same for any  other purpose.

The Grantee accepts and ratifies the provisions of the Declaration and the By-Laws (and 
any Rules and Regulations adopted under the By-Laws) and agrees to comply with all the terms 
and provisions thereof.

The term "Grantee" shall be read as "Grantees" whenever the sense of this indenture so 
require.

[SIGNATURES PAGE FOLLOWS]

3 
61458/0006-42437678v1 
ACTIVE 62692978v3

=== page 236 ===
Case 25-11853-KBO    Doc 396-2    Filed 03/31/26    Page 236 of 551

IN WITNESS WHEREOF, the Grantor has duly executed this deed on the date first above 
written.

EC 58TH STREET LLC, 
a Delaware limited liability company 
 
 
 
By:  __________________________ 
        Name:   
        Title: 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
STATE OF NEW YORK 
) 
: 
ss.: 
COUNTY OF NEW YORK )

On the ___ day of __________________ 2022 before me, the undersigned, a Notary Public 
in and for said State, personally appeared, ____________________, personally known to me or 
proved to me on the basis of satisfactory evidence to be the individual whose name is subscribed 
to the within instrument and acknowledged to me that he executed the same in his capacity, and 
that by his signature on the instrument, the individual, or the person upon behalf of which the 
individual acted, executed the instrument.

_______________________ 
Notary Public (SEAL)

4 
61458/0006-42437678v1 
ACTIVE 62692978v3

=== page 237 ===
Case 25-11853-KBO    Doc 396-2    Filed 03/31/26    Page 237 of 551

EXHIBIT A

Premises

PARCEL I (Unit 1 a/k/a EBC Unit, Lot 1701):

The Condominium Unit (hereinafter referred to as the "Unit") known as Unit 1, also known as EBC 
Unit, in the building (hereinafter referred to as the "Building") known as 353 West 57th Street 
Condominium and by the street number 353 West 57th Street, New York, New York, said Unit being 
designated and described in a certain Declaration dated 4/11/1985 made by Irving Schatz pursuant to 
Article 9-B of the Real Property Law of the State of New York establishing a plan for condominium 
ownership of the Building and the land (hereinafter referred to as the "Land") upon which the building 
is situated (which land is mor'< particularly described below), and which Declaration was recorded in 
the Office of the City Register New York County on 4/24/1985 in Reel 902 Page 1 and amended by 
First Amendment to Declaration dated 1/29/1993 and recorded 5/11/1993 in Reel 1969 Page 2286, 
further amended by Amended and Restated Declaration made by Henry Hudson Holdings LLC, Irving 
Schatz, Adrienne Wechsler and Cheryl Hirsch dated as of 2/12/1999 and recorded 7/16/1999 in Reel 
2913 Page 1753 and Amendment to Amended and Restated Declaration dated as of 9/30/1999, 
recorded 10/27/1999 in Reel 2979 Page 2159 (which declaration, as amended,  is hereinafter  referred 
to as the "Declaration"). Said Unit is also designated  as Tax  Lot 1701 in Block 1048 of Section 4 of 
the Borough of Manhattan on  the Tax Map of the Real Property Assessment  Department of the City 
Of New York and on the Floor Plans of the Building, Certified  by  Butler Rogers Baskett Architects, 
on 3/2711985 and filed in the Real Property Assessment Department of the City of New York on 
4/22/1985 as Condominium Plan No. 208 and also filed in the New York County Register's Office 
on 4/24/1985 as Condominium Map No. 4326, as amended by amended Floor Plans Certified by 
Butler Rogers Baskett Architects, on 12/14/1992, which amended Floor Plans were filed in the Real 
Property Assessment Department of the City of New York on 5/5/1993 as Condominium Plan 
No. 208A and also filed in the New York County Register's Office on 5/11/1993 as Condominium 
Map No. 5192.

Together with an undivided 44.05105% interest in the common elements (as such 
term is defined in The Declaration

[PARCEL II (Unit 2 a/k/a Modified Hotel Unit, Lot 1702):

The Condominium Unit (hereinafter referred to as the "Unit") known as Unit 2, also known as

Modified Hotel Unit, in the building (hereinafter referred to as the "Building") known as 353 
West 57th Street Condominium and by the street number 353 West 57th Street, New York, New York, 
said Unit being designated and described in a certain Declaration dated 4/11/1985 made by Irving 
Schatz pursuant to Article 9-B of the Real Property Law of the State of New York establishing a 
plan for condominium ownership of the Building and the land (hereinafter referred to as the 
"Land") upon which the building is situated (which land is more particularly described below), 
and which Declaration was recorded in the Office of the City Register, New York County on 
4/24/1985 in Reel 902 Page 1 and amended by First Amendment to Declaration dated 1/29/1993 and

5
61458/0006-42437678v1 
ACTIVE 62692978v3

=== page 238 ===
Case 25-11853-KBO    Doc 396-2    Filed 03/31/26    Page 238 of 551

recorded 5/11/1993 in Reel 1969 Page 2286, further amended by Amended and Restated 
Declaration made by Henry Hudson Holdings LLC, Irving Schatz, Adrienne Wechsler and 
Cheryl Hirsch dated as of 2/12/1999 and recorded 7/16/1999 in Reel 2913 Page 1753 and 
Amendment to Amended and Restated Declaration  dated as of 9/30/1999, recorded  10/27/1999 in 
Reel 2979 Page 2159 (which declaration, as amended, is hereinafter referred to as the 
"Declaration"). Said Unit is also designated as Tax Lot 1702 in Block 1048 of Section 4 of the Borough 
of Manhattan on the Tax Map of the Real Property Assessment Department of the City Of New York and 
on the Floor Plans of the Building, Certified by Butler Rogers Baskett Architects, on 3/27/1985 and filed 
in the Real Property Assessment Department of the City of New York on 4/22/1985 as Condominium 
Plan No. 208 and also filed in the 'New York County Register's Office on 4/24/1985 as Condominium 
Map No. 4326, as amended by amended Floor Plans Certified by Butler Rogers Baskett Architects, on 
12/14/1992, which amended Floor Plans were filed in the Real Property Assessment Department of the 
City of New York on 5/5/1993 as Condominium Plan No. 208A and also filed in the New York County 
Register's Office on 5/11/1993 as Condominium  Map No. 5192.

Together with an undivided 46.94011% interest in the common elements (as such term is defined in the 
Declaration. 
 
 
Which Condominium Unit[s] [is/are] located on the land described below: 
 
All that certain plot, piece or parcel of land, situate, lying and being in the Borough of Manhattan, 
City, County and State of New York, bounded and described as follows: 
 
BEGINNING at a point on the northerly side of 57th Street, distant 20 feet easterly from the comer 
formed by the intersection of the easterly side of Ninth Avenue with the northerly side of 57th Street; 
 
RUNNING THENCE easterly along the said northerly side of 57th Street, 155 feet; 
 
THENCE northerly parallel with Ninth Avenue, 200 feet 10 inches to the southerly side of 58th 
Street; 
 
THENCE westerly along the said southerly side of 58th Street, 135 feet to a point distant 40 feet 
easterly from the comer formed by the intersection of the southerly side of 58th Street with the 
easterly side of Ninth Avenue; 
 
THENCE southerly parallel with Ninth Avenue and part of the distance through a party wall, 100 
feet 10 inches; 
 
THENCE westerly parallel more or less with 58th Street, 20 feet; and 
 
THENCE southerly and part of the way through another party wall, 100 feet to the northerly side of 
57th Street, the point or place of BEGINNING. 
 
Premises known as 353 West 57th Street Condominium, 353-361 West 57th Street a/k/a 358-366 West 
58th Street, Unit[s] [1 and 2] New York, NY and designated as Block 1048 Lot[s] [1701 and 1702] as 
shown on the Tax Map of the City of New York, County of New York.

6 
61458/0006-42437678v1 
ACTIVE 62692978v3

=== page 239 ===
Case 25-11853-KBO    Doc 396-2    Filed 03/31/26    Page 239 of 551

EXHIBIT C

ASSIGNMENT AND ASSUMPTION OF LEASE

KNOW ALL MEN BY THESE PRESENTS that [_________] (“Assignor”), in 
consideration of Ten ($10.00) Dollars and other good and valuable consideration in hand paid by 
[____________________], a [____________________] (“Assignee”), the receipt and 
sufficiency of which is hereby acknowledged, hereby assigns unto the Assignee all of Assignor’s 
right, title and interest in and to the following:

That certain Lease agreement more fully described on Exhibit A attached hereto 
and made a part hereof (the “Unit Lease”) on the land described on Exhibit B attached hereto 
and made a part hereof, being the same leasehold premises conveyed to Assignor by Assignment 
and Assumption of Ground Lease in Lieu of Foreclosure made by Henry Hudson Holdings LLC 
to EC 58th Street LLC dated as of 11/24/2020 and recorded 12/4/2020 as [CRFN 
2020000344629] [CRFN 2020000344630].  This Assignment shall include, without limitation, 
an assignment of Assignor’s right, title and interest in and to the “Security” and/or the “Security 
Deposit” under the Unit Lease (only if and to the extent that the lessor under the Unit Lease 
(“Unit Lessor”) is holding any such “Security” and/or the “Security Deposit”), as well as all 
options, rights of first refusal, deposits, pre-paid rentals, privileges and other rights of Assignor 
thereunder.

TO HAVE AND TO HOLD the same unto Assignee, its successors and assigns, 
from and after the date hereof, subject to the terms, covenants, conditions and provisions 
contained in the Unit Lease.

1.
Assignee on behalf of itself and its legal representatives, successors and
assigns, hereby expressly assumes the performance of all of the terms, covenants and conditions 
of the Unit Lease herein assigned by Assignor to Assignee from and after the date hereof and 
hereby agrees to be bound by all of the terms, covenants, conditions and provisions contained in 
the Unit Lease from and after the date hereof.

2.
None of the covenants or agreements set forth in this Assignment are for
the benefit of, and none of the same shall be enforceable by, any person or entity other than the 
parties hereto and Unit Lessor, their respective successors and assigns, it being the intention of the 
parties hereto that no third party is intended to be a beneficiary of or with respect to such 
covenants and agreements, other than the parties hereto, their respective successors and assigns.

3.
Assignor, in compliance with Section 13 of the Lien Law, covenants that
Assignor will receive the consideration for this assignment and will hold the right to receive such 
consideration as a trust fund to be applied first for the purpose of paying the cost of the 
improvement and will apply the same first to the payment of the cost of the improvement before 
using any part of the total of the same for any purpose.

4.
This Assignment has been made, executed and delivered in and is to be
governed, interpreted and construed in accordance with the laws of the State of New York.

61458/0006-42420767v2 
ACTIVE 62692929v3

=== page 240 ===
Case 25-11853-KBO    Doc 396-2    Filed 03/31/26    Page 240 of 551

5. 
Except as may be expressly set forth in that certain Purchase and Sale 
Agreement dated ___________, 2022 between Assignor, as seller, and Assignee as buyer (the 
“Agreement”), this assignment is made without warranty or representation, express or implied, by 
or recourse against Assignor of any kind or nature whatever.

6. 
No shareholder, member, officer, director, manager or representative of 
Assignor or Assignee or any other person or entity other than Assignor and Assignee shall have 
any personal liability or obligation of any kind or nature whatsoever under this Assignment.

This Assignment may be signed in any number of counterparts each of which 
shall be deemed to be an original and all of which taken together shall constitute one and the 
same instrument.  This Assignment may be executed by facsimile, electronic communications in 
portable document format (.pdf) or duplicate originals, and the parties agree that their 
electronically transmitted signatures shall have the same effect as manually transmitted 
signatures.

[ NO FURTHER TEXT ON THIS PAGE ]

61458/0006-42420767v2 
ACTIVE 62692929v3

=== page 241 ===
Case 25-11853-KBO    Doc 396-2    Filed 03/31/26    Page 241 of 551

IN WITNESS WHEREOF, the parties hereto have set their hands of the ____ day of 
__________________________, 2022.

ASSIGNOR:

By:_________________________________

ASSIGNEE:

By:_________________________________

STATE OF NEW YORK 
) 
: 
ss.: 
COUNTY OF NEW YORK )

On the ___ day of __________________ 2022 before me, the undersigned, a Notary 
Public in and for said State, personally appeared, ____________________, personally known to 
me or proved to me on the basis of satisfactory evidence to be the individual whose name is 
subscribed to the within instrument and acknowledged to me that he executed the same in his 
capacity, and that by his signature on the instrument, the individual, or the person upon behalf of 
which the individual acted, executed the instrument.

_______________________ 
Notary Public (SEAL)

STATE OF NEW YORK 
) 
: 
ss.: 
COUNTY OF NEW YORK )

On the ___ day of __________________ 2022 before me, the undersigned, a Notary 
Public in and for said State, personally appeared, ____________________, personally known to 
me or proved to me on the basis of satisfactory evidence to be the individual whose name is 
subscribed to the within instrument and acknowledged to me that he executed the same in his 
capacity, and that by his signature on the instrument, the individual, or the person upon behalf of 
which the individual acted, executed the instrument.

_______________________ 
Notary Public (SEAL)

61458/0006-42420767v2 
ACTIVE 62692929v3

=== page 242 ===
Case 25-11853-KBO    Doc 396-2    Filed 03/31/26    Page 242 of 551

Exhibit A

4
61458/0006-42420767v2 
ACTIVE 62692929v3

=== page 243 ===
Case 25-11853-KBO    Doc 396-2    Filed 03/31/26    Page 243 of 551

Exhibit B

Premises known as 353 West 57th Street Condominium, 353-361 West 57th Street a/k/a 358-366 
West 58th Street, Unit [4] [6] New York, NY and designated as Block 1048 Lot [1704] [1706] as 
shown on the Tax Map of the City of New York, County of New York.

5
61458/0006-42420767v2 
ACTIVE 62692929v3

=== page 244 ===
Case 25-11853-KBO    Doc 396-2    Filed 03/31/26    Page 244 of 551

EXHIBIT D

FORM OF BILL OF SALE

BILL OF SALE

KNOW ALL MEN BY THESE PRESENTS,

That, subject to the terms and conditions hereinafter set forth, [______________], a 
Delaware limited liability company having an address c/o [______________] (collectively, 
“Seller”) for and in consideration of the sum of Ten Dollars ($10.00), lawful money of the United 
States, to it in hand paid at or before delivery of these presents by [_________________], a 
Delaware limited liability company having an address at _________________________________ 
(“Purchaser”), the receipt and sufficiency of which Seller hereby acknowledges, has bargained 
and sold, and by these presents does grant and convey unto Purchaser, its successors and assigns, 
all right, title and interest of Seller in and to all of the Personal Property, Fixtures, Warranties, and 
Permits (as such terms are defined in that certain Purchase and Sale Agreement, dated ________, 
2022, between Seller and Purchaser (the “Agreement”)).

Seller grants and conveys the Personal Property, Fixtures, Warranties, and Permits unto 
Purchaser without recourse and without representation or warranty of any kind, express or implied 
(except to the extent of and only for so long as any applicable representation and warranty, as is 
set forth in the Agreement shall survive the closing of title thereafter, and subject to the limitations 
contained therein).

TO HAVE AND TO HOLD the same unto Purchaser, its successors and assigns forever.

SELLER HAS MADE NO WARRANTY THAT THE PROPERTY COVERED BY THIS 
BILL OF SALE IS MERCHANTABLE OR FIT FOR ANY PARTICULAR PURPOSE AND 
THE SAME IS SOLD IN AN “AS IS” “WHERE IS” CONDITION.  BY ACCEPTANCE 
HEREOF, PURCHASER AFFIRMS THAT IT HAS NOT RELIED ON ANY WARRANTY OF 
SELLER WITH RESPECT TO THE PERSONAL PROPERTY AND THAT THERE ARE NO 
REPRESENTATIONS OR WARRANTEES, EXPRESSED, IMPLIED OR STATUTORY 
(EXCEPT TO THE EXTENT AND ONLY FOR SO LONG AS ANY APPLICABLE 
REPRESENTATION AND WARRANTY, IF ANY, IS AS SET FORTH IN THE AGREEMENT 
SHALL SURVIVE THE CLOSING OF TITLE THEREUNDER, AND SUBJECT TO THE 
LIMITATIONS CONTAINED THEREIN.

This Bill of Sale shall be governed by and construed in accordance with the laws of the 
State of New York.

This Bill of Sale shall be binding upon, enforceable by and shall inure to the benefit of the 
parties hereto and their respective successors and assigns.

[Signature page follows immediately]

61458/0006-42442731v1 
ACTIVE 62690256v2

=== page 245 ===
Case 25-11853-KBO    Doc 396-2    Filed 03/31/26    Page 245 of 551

[________]

By: _____________________

2 
61458/0006-42442731v1 
ACTIVE 62690256v2

=== page 246 ===
Case 25-11853-KBO    Doc 396-2    Filed 03/31/26    Page 246 of 551

EXHIBIT E

EC 58th Street LLC 
[____________________] 
[____________________] 
[____________________]

353 West 57th Street  
New York, New York 10019

Dear Tenant:

This letter is to notify you that effective ____________________, 2022, EC 58th Street 
LLC has sold its interest in [Unit #1, 4 and 6] in 353 West 57th Street, New York, New York to 
______________________.  In connection therewith EC 58th Street LLC has assigned the interest 
as landlord in all leases and tenancies and transferred all security deposits, if any, to 
_______________________.

Please forward all rent checks and inquiries direct to the new owner’s representative at the 
address listed below.

New Owner: 
 ___________________________________

Address:
 ___________________________________
 ___________________________________

Telephone
 ___________________________________

Attn:
 ___________________________________

Very truly yours,

EC 58th Street LLC

By: ________________________________

=== page 247 ===
Case 25-11853-KBO    Doc 396-2    Filed 03/31/26    Page 247 of 551

EXHIBIT F

FORM OF FIRPTA AFFIDAVIT

CERTIFICATION OF NON-FOREIGN STATUS

Section 1445 of the Internal Revenue Code of 1986, as amended, provides that a transferee 
of a U.S. real property interest must withhold tax if the transferor is a foreign person for U.S. tax 
purposes (including Section 1445), the owner of a disregarded entity (which has legal title to a 
U.S. real property interest under local law) will be the transferor of the property and not the 
disregarded entity.  To inform the transferee that withholding of tax is not required upon the 
disposition of a U.S. real property interest by _____________ a _____________ (“Seller”), the 
undersigned hereby certifies the following on behalf of Seller:

1.
Seller is not a foreign corporation, foreign partnership, foreign trust, or foreign
estate (as those terms are defined in the Internal Revenue Code and Income Tax
Regulations);

2.
Seller is not a disregarded entity as defined in Treasury Regulation Section 1.1445-
2(b)(2)(iii);

3.
Seller’s U.S. tax identification number is _______________; and

4.
Seller’s office address is _____________________

Seller understands that this certification may be disclosed to the Internal Revenue Service by the 
transferee and that any false statement contained herein could be punished by fine, imprisonment, 
or both.

Under penalties of perjury the undersigned declares that the undersigned has examined this 
certification and to the best of the undersigned’s knowledge and belief it is true, correct, and 
complete, and the undersigned further declares that the undersigned has authority to sign this 
document on behalf of Seller.

Dated:  __________ ___, 2022

__________________________________ a
 ___________________________________

By: ________________________________

=== page 248 ===
Case 25-11853-KBO    Doc 396-2    Filed 03/31/26    Page 248 of 551

EXHIBIT G

FORM OF UNIT LEASE ESTOPPEL

Attached

=== page 249 ===
Case 25-11853-KBO    Doc 396-2    Filed 03/31/26    Page 249 of 551

LEASE ESTOPPEL CERTIFICATE

Landlord: 
A & C West 57 LLC, a New York limited liability company, with an address at 
c/o Schatzco V, LLC, 250 West 57th Street, Suite 901, New York, NY 10107

Tenant: 
EC 58th Street LLC, a Delaware limited liability company, having an address at 
c/o Cain International US Services LP, 350 Park Avenue, 14th Floor, New York, 
New York 10022

Assignee: 
_____________________, a Delaware limited liability company, having an 
address of ___________________________________________________.

Premises:  
353 West 57th Street Condominium, 353-361 West 57th Street a/k/a 356 West 58th 
Street, New York, New York, Borough of Manhattan, City, County and State of 
New York, Unit No. 4

The undersigned Landlord, A & C West 57 LLC, a New York limited liability company, 
with an address at c/o Schatzco V, LLC, 250 West 57th Street, Suite 901, New York, NY 10107 
(the “Landlord”), successor to Adrienne Schatz and Cheryl Hirsh as fee owner of the 
condominium unit known as Unit No. 4 (the “Store Unit”) in the condominium  known as 353 
West 57th Street Condominium in the building known as and having the street address of 353-
361 West 57th Street a/k/a 356 West 58th Street, New York, New York, Borough of Manhattan, 
City, County and State of New York (the “Premises”) and described on Exhibit A attached 
hereto, is Lessor under that certain Lease dated as of January 1, 1999 made by Adrienne Schatz 
and Cheryl Hirsh as original Landlord and Henry Hudson Holdings LLC, as original Tenant, as 
referenced in a memorandum of lease dated as of September 30, 1999 and recorded on October 
27, 1999 in Reel 2979 Page 2172 (“Store Unit Lease”), as amended by an unrecorded 
Amendment to Lease dated as of September 30, 1999, and as further amended by an unrecorded 
Amendment to Lease dated as of August 13, 2004, and as assigned by Assignment and 
Assumption of Ground Lease in Lieu of Foreclosure made by and between Henry Hudson 
Holdings LLC, as assignor, and EC 58th Street LLC, as assignee, dated as of November 24, 
2020, recorded on December 4, 2020 in CRFN 2020000344629, hereby certifies as follows:

1.
The Store Unit Lease is now in full force and effect, and has not been further
amended, modified or supplemented. There do not exist any other agreements (including 
subordination, non-disturbance and attornment agreements) concerning the Store Unit, whether 
oral or written to which Landlord and Tenant (or the predecessors or successors of either) are 
parties.

2.
The lease term under the Store Unit Lease commenced on January 1,
1999 and expires on December 31, 2098, unless sooner terminated or extended in accordance 
with the terms of the Store Unit Lease.  There are no options to renew.

3.
The amount of Monthly Base Rent under the Store Unit Lease is currently
$__________ per month.

ACTIVE 62692814v1

61458/0006-42435628v2

=== page 250 ===
Case 25-11853-KBO    Doc 396-2    Filed 03/31/26    Page 250 of 551

4. 
The Monthly Base Rent and all other charges (if any) have been paid through 
_______________. 
 
 
5. 
There are no existing defaults (or events which, with the passage of time or the 
giving of notice, or both, would constitute a default) on the part of either Landlord or Tenant in 
the performance of any covenant, agreement, term, provision or condition contained in the Store 
Unit Lease other than _______________________.

6. 
 Landlord is holding a security deposit under the Store Unit Lease in the amount 
of $____________.  None of the security deposit has been applied by Landlord to payment of 
rent or any other amounts due under the Store Unit Lease, except as follows: 
_____________________.

7. 
There are currently no mortgages, deeds of trust or other security instruments 
encumbering the fee interest in the Store Unit.

8. 
As of the date hereof, no options, rights of first refusal, rights to terminate, renew 
or extend the Store Unit Lease other than as described in the Store Unit Lease exist.

9. 
Landlord agrees that this Estoppel Certificate may be relied upon by Tenant, any 
mortgagee of Tenant, Assignee, any mortgagee of Assignee, and all of their respective 
successors and assigns.

10.  
Landlord's address for notices under the Store Unit Lease is:

A & C West 57 LLC 
c/o Schatzco V, LLC  
250 West 57th Street  
Suite 901 
New York, New York 10107 
Attn: __________

With a copy to: 
[  
           
] 
 
 
 
         [  
    
 
] 
 
 
 
         [  
 
 
] 
 
 
Capitalized terms used herein and not otherwise defined shall have the meanings given to them 
in the Store Unit Lease.

[The remainder of this page is left blank intentionally.]

2 
61458/0006-42435628v2 
ACTIVE 62692814v1

=== page 251 ===
Case 25-11853-KBO    Doc 396-2    Filed 03/31/26    Page 251 of 551

LANDLORD: 
 
 
 
 
 
 
A & C WEST 57 LLC 
 
 
 
 
 
a New York limited liability company 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
By: 
_______________________________________ 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Name:__________________________________  
 
 
 
 
 
 
Title: __________________________________

3 
61458/0006-42435628v2 
ACTIVE 62692814v1

=== page 252 ===
Case 25-11853-KBO    Doc 396-2    Filed 03/31/26    Page 252 of 551

EXHIBIT A

Legal Description of Premises and the Store Unit

The Condominium Unit (the "Unit") known as the Store Unit, also known as Unit No. 4 in the premises 
known as 353 West 57th Street Condominium and by the street number 353-361 West 57th Street a/k/a 356 
West 58th Street, Borough of Manhattan, City, County and State of New York, said Unit being designated and 
described as the Store Unit and also known as Unit No. 4 in the Declaration establishing a plan for 
condominium ownership of said premises under Article 9-B of the Real Property Law of the State of New 
York (the "New York Condominium Act") dated April 11, 1985 and recorded April 24, 1985 in the Office of 
the Register of The City of New York, County of New York, in Reel 902, Page 1, as amended by the 
Amendment of Declaration, dated January 29, 1993 and recorded May 11, 1993 in the Office of the Register of 
the City of New York, in the County of New York, in Reel 1969 and Page 2286, as further amended by the 
Amended and Restated Declaration, dated February 12, 1999 and recorded July 16. 1999 in the Office of the 
Register of the City of New York, in the County of New York, in Reel 2913 and Page 1753, and Amendment to 
Amended and Restated Declaration, dated September 30, 1999 and recorded October 27, 1999 in the Office of 
the Register of the City of New York, in the County of New York in Reel 2979 and Page 2159 (which 
Declaration, as amended, is hereinafter referred to as the "Declaration"). Said Unit is also designated and 
described as Tax Lot No. 1704 in Block 1048, Section 4, Borough of Manhattan on the Tax Map of the Real 
Property Assessment Department of the City of New York and on the Floor Plans of said Building certified by 
Butler Rogers Baskett Architects, on March 27, 1985 and filed on April 22, 1985 as Condominium Plan No. 
208, and on April 24, 1985 as Map No. 4326, as amended on December 14, 1992 and filed on May 5, 1993 as 
Plan No. 208A (Amendment to Plan No. 208), and on May 11, 1993 as Map No. 5192 in the aforesaid 
Register's Office.

The land upon which the Building Containing the Unit is erected is described as follows:

ALL that certain plot, piece or parcel of land, with the buildings and improvements thereon erected, 
situate, lying and being in the Borough of Manhattan, City, County and State of New York, bounded 
and described as follows:

BEGINNING at a point on the northerly side of 57th Street distant 20 feet easterly from the corner 
formed by the  intersection of the easterly side of 9th Avenue with the northerly side of 57th Street;

RUNNING THENCE easterly along the said northerly side of 57th Street, 155 feet;

THENCE northerly parallel with 9th Avenue 200 feet 10 inches to the southerly side of 58th Street;

THENCE westerly along the said southerly side of 58th Street 135 feet to a point distant 40 feet 
easterly from the  corner formed by the intersection of the southerly side of 58th Street with the 
easterly side of 9th Avenue;

THENCE southerly parallel with 9th Avenue and part of the distance through a party wall 100 feet 10 
inches;

THENCE westerly parallel more or less with 58th Street 20 feet; and

THENCE southerly and part of the way through another party wall 100 feet to the northerly side of 57th 
Street, the  point or place of BEGINNING.

TOGETHER with an undivided 0.34577 interest in the Common Elements (as such term is defined in the 
Declaration).

4 
61458/0006-42435628v2 
ACTIVE 62692814v1

=== page 253 ===
Case 25-11853-KBO    Doc 396-2    Filed 03/31/26    Page 253 of 551

LEASE ESTOPPEL CERTIFICATE

Landlord: 
Hudson 10th Floor LLC, a Delaware limited liability company, with an address at 
c/o SchatzCo V, LLC, 1325 Avenue of the Americas, 28th Floor, New York, New 
York 10019

Tenant: 
EC 58th Street LLC, a Delaware limited liability company, having an address at 
c/o Cain International US Services LP, 350 Park Avenue, 14th Floor, New York, 
New York 10022

Assignee: 
____________________, a Delaware limited liability company, having an 
address of__________________________________________________.

Premises: 
353 West 57th Street Condominium, 353-361 West 57th Street a/k/a 356 West 58th 
Street, New York, New York, Borough of Manhattan, City, County and State of 
New York, Unit No. 6

The undersigned Landlord, Hudson 10th Floor LLC, a Delaware limited liability 
company, with an address at c/o SchatzCo V, LLC, 1325 Avenue of the Americas, 28th Floor, 
New York, New York 10019 (the “Landlord”), successor to Adrienne Schatz and Cheryl Hirsh, 
as Executrices of the last will and testament of Irving Schatz, as fee owner of the condominium 
unit known as Unit No. 6 (the “Tenth Floor Unit”) in the condominium  known as 353 West 57th 
Street Condominium, in the building known as and having the street address of 353-361 West 
57th Street a/k/a 356 West 58th Street, New York, New York, Borough of Manhattan, City, 
County and State of New York (the “Premises”) and described on Exhibit A attached hereto, is 
Lessor under that certain Amended and Restated Lease dated as of February 11, 1999 made by 
Irving Schatz, as original Lessor and Ian Schrager Hotels LLC, as original Lessee, as referenced 
in a memorandum of lease dated as of February 12, 1999 and recorded March 23, 1999 in Reel 
2841 Page 1872 (the “Tenth Floor Unit Lease”), as assigned by Assignment and Assumption of 
Lease made by and between Ian Schrager Hotels LLC, as assignor, to Henry Hudson Holdings 
LLC, as assignee, dated as of February 12, 1999 and recorded March 23, 1999 in Reel 2841 Page 
1882, and as amended by an unrecorded Amendment to Lease made by and between Irving 
Schatz and Henry Hudson Holdings LLC dated as of August 17, 2004, and as further assigned by 
Assignment and Assumption of Ground Lease in Lieu of Foreclosure made by and between 
Henry Hudson Holdings LLC, as assignor, and EC 58th Street LLC as assignee, dated as of 
November 24, 2020 and recorded December 4, 2020 in CRFN 2020000344630, hereby certifies 
as follows:

1.
The Tenth Floor Unit Lease is now in full force and effect, and has not been
further amended, modified or supplemented.  There do not exist any other agreements (including 
subordination, non-disturbance and attornment agreements) concerning the Tenth Floor Unit, 
whether oral or written to which Landlord and Tenant (or the predecessors or successors of 
either) are parties.

ACTIVE 62692815v1

61458/0006-42435625v2

=== page 254 ===
Case 25-11853-KBO    Doc 396-2    Filed 03/31/26    Page 254 of 551

2. 
The lease term under the Tenth Floor Unit Lease commenced on December 1,  
1997 and expires on November 30, 2096, unless sooner terminated or extended in accordance 
with the terms of the Tenth Floor Unit Lease.  There are no options to renew 
 
 
3. 
The amount of Monthly Base Rent under the Tenth Floor Unit Lease is currently 
$__________ per month. 
 
 
4. 
The Monthly Base Rent and all other charges (if any) have been paid through 
_______________. 
 
 
5. 
There are no existing defaults (or events which, with the passage of time or the 
giving of notice, or both, would constitute a default) on the part of either Landlord or Tenant in 
the performance of any covenant, agreement, term, provision or condition contained in the Tenth 
Floor Unit Lease other than _______________________________________.

6. 
Landlord is holding a security deposit under the Tenth Floor Unit Lease in the 
amount of $____________.  None of the security deposit has been applied by Landlord to 
payment of rent or any other amounts due under the Tenth Floor Unit Lease, except as follows: 
_____________________.

7. 
There are currently no mortgages, deeds of trust or other security instruments 
encumbering the fee interest in the Tenth Floor Unit.

8. 
As of the date hereof, no options, rights of first refusal, rights to terminate, renew 
or extend the Tenth Floor Unit Lease other than as described in the Tenth Floor Unit Lease exist.

9. 
Landlord agrees that this Estoppel Certificate may be relied upon by Tenant, any 
mortgagee of Tenant, Assignee, any mortgagee of Assignee, and all of their respective 
successors and assigns.

10. 
Landlord's address for notices under the Tenth Floor Unit Lease is:

Hudson 10th Floor LLC 
c/o SchatzCo V, LLC 
1325 Avenue of the Americas, 28th Floor 
New York, New York 10019 
 
With a copy to: 
[ 
 
          ] 
 
 
 
 
 
[ 
 
    
] 
 
 
 
 
 
[ 
 
 
]

Capitalized terms used herein and not otherwise defined shall have the meanings given to them 
in the Tenth Floor Unit Lease.

2 
61458/0006-42435625v2 
ACTIVE 62692815v1

=== page 255 ===
Case 25-11853-KBO    Doc 396-2    Filed 03/31/26    Page 255 of 551

LANDLORD: 
 
 
 
 
 
 
HUDSON 10TH FLOOR LLC 
 
 
 
 
 
a Delaware limited liability company 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
By: 
_______________________________________ 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Name:__________________________________  
 
 
 
 
 
 
Title: __________________________________

3 
61458/0006-42435625v2 
ACTIVE 62692815v1

=== page 256 ===
Case 25-11853-KBO    Doc 396-2    Filed 03/31/26    Page 256 of 551

EXHIBIT A

Legal Description of the Premises and Tenth Floor Unit

The Condominium Unit (the "Unit") known as the Tenth Floor Unit, also known as Unit 6 in the 
premises known as 353 West 57th Street Condominium and by the street number 353-361 West 57th 
Street a/k/a 356 West 58th Street, Borough of Manhattan, City, County and State of New York, said 
Unit being designated and described as the Tenth Floor and also known as Unit 6 in the Declaration 
establishing a plan for condominium ownership of said premises under Article 9-B of the Real 
Property Law of the State of New York (the "New York Condominium Act") dated April 11, 1985 
and recorded April 24, 1985 in the Office of the Register of The City of New York, County of New 
York, in Reel 902, Page 1, as amended by the Amendment of Declaration, dated January 29, 1993 
and recorded May  11, 1993 in the Office of the Register of the City of New York, in the County of 
New York, in Reel 1969 and Page 2286, as further amended by the Amended and Restated 
Declaration, dated February 12, 1999 and recorded July 16, 1999 in the Office of the Register of the 
City of New York, in the County of New York, in Reel 2913 and Page 1753, and Amendment to 
Amended and Restated  Declaration, dated September 30, 1999 and recorded October 27, 1999 in 
the Office of the Register of the City of New York, in the County of New York in Reel 2979 and 
Page 2159 (which Declaration, as amended, is hereinafter referred to as the "Declaration"). Said Unit 
is also designated and described as Tax Lot No. 1706, Block 1048, Section 4, Borough of Manhattan 
on the Tax Map of the Real Property Assessment Department of the City of New York and on the 
Floor Plans of said Building certified by Butler Rogers Baskett Architects, on March 27, 1985 and 
filed on April 22, 1985 as Condominium Plan No. 208, and on April 24, 1985 as Map No. 4326, as 
amended on December 14, 1992 and filed on May 5, 1993 as Plan No. 208A (Amendment to Plan 
No. 208), and on May 11, 1993 as Map No. 5192 in the aforesaid Register's Office.

The land upon which the Building containing the Unit is erected is described as follows:

ALL that certain plot, piece or parcel of land, with the buildings and improvements 
thereon erected, situate, lying and being in the Borough of Manhattan, City, County and 
State of New York, bounded and described as follows:

BEGINNING at a point on the northerly side of 57th Street distant 20 feet easterly from the 
corner formed by the intersection of the easterly side of 9th Avenue with the northerly side of 
57th Street;

RUNNING THENCE easterly along the said northerly side of 57th Street, 155 feet;

THENCE northerly parallel with 9th Avenue 200 feet  10 inches to the southerly side of 58th 
Street;

THENCE westerly along the said southerly side of 58th Street 135 feet to a point distant 40 feet 
easterly from the corner formed by the intersection of the southerly side of 58th Street with the 
easterly side of 9th Avenue;

THENCE southerly parallel with 9th Avenue and part of the distance through a party wall 100 feet 10 
inches;

THENCE westerly parallel more or less with 58th Street 20 feet; and

4 
61458/0006-42435625v2 
ACTIVE 62692815v1

=== page 257 ===
Case 25-11853-KBO    Doc 396-2    Filed 03/31/26    Page 257 of 551

THENCE southerly and part of the way through another party wall 100 feet to the northerly side of 
57th Street, the  point or place of BEGINNING. 
 
Together with an undivided 3.89067% interest in the Common Elements (as such term is defined 
in the Declaration).

5 
61458/0006-42435625v2 
ACTIVE 62692815v1

=== page 258 ===
Case 25-11853-KBO    Doc 396-2    Filed 03/31/26    Page 258 of 551

EXHIBIT H

FORM OF CONDOMINIUM ESTOPPEL

Attached

=== page 259 ===
Case 25-11853-KBO    Doc 396-2    Filed 03/31/26    Page 259 of 551

CONDOMINIUM ESTOPPEL CERTIFICATE

TO:

CSC Hudson LLC (“Purchaser”) 
c/o CSC Co-Living  
6 St. Johns Lane  
New York, New York 10013

Re: 
The (i) declaration of condominium dated April 11, 1985 made by Irving Schatz (the 
“Original Declaration”) pursuant to Article 9-B of the Real Property Law of the State of 
New York, as amended establishing a plan for condominium ownership of which Original 
Declaration was recorded in the New York County Office of the Register of the City of 
New York on April 24, 1985 in Reel 902 Page 1, which Original Declaration was amended 
by the First Amendment to Declaration made by Irving Schatz dated January 29, 1993 and 
recorded May 11, 1993 in Reel 1969 Page 2286 and which Original Declaration was further 
amended by the Amended and Restated Declaration, dated as of February 12, 1999, made 
by Henry Hudson Holdings LLC, Irving Schatz, Adrienne Wechsler and Cheryl Hirsch 
(the “A&R Declaration”), which A&R Declaration was recorded July 16, 1999 in Reel 
2913 Page 1753 (and which A&R Declaration, by its terms, restated the Original 
Declaration in its entirety), and which A&R Declaration was amended by the Amendment 
to Amended and Restated Declaration, dated September 30, 1999, and recorded on October 
27, 1999 in Reel 2979 Page 2159 (collectively, the “Declaration"); (ii) by-laws,  including 
the rules and regulations and all other exhibits and schedules attached thereto (the “By-
Laws”) of 353 West 57th Street Condominium (the “Condominium”); and (iii) Purchase 
and Sale Agreement (the "PSA"), dated January ___, 2022, by and between the EC 58th 
Street LLC, a Delaware limited liability company, having an address at c/o Cain 
International US Services LP, 350 Park Avenue, 14th Floor, New York, New York 10022 
(the “Seller”), and CSC Hudson, LLC, a Delaware limited liability company, having an 
address at c/o CSC Co-Living, 6 St. Johns Lane, New York, New York 10013 
(“Purchaser”) for the conveyance of Unit 1 and Unit 2 of the Condominium (the “Owned 
Units”) and Unit 4 and Unit 6 of the Condominium (the “Leased Units”) (collectively, the 
“Units”).  Capitalized terms used herein and not defined shall have the meaning ascribed 
to such terms in the Condominium Documents and the PSA.

The undersigned is a duly authorized representative of the Board of Managers of the 
Condominium (the “Board”).  The Board, hereby certifies to Purchaser as follows:

1.
All Common Charges with respect to the Units which are due have been paid in full and,
there are no outstanding liens, claims, dues or charges (including, without limitation,
Common Charge Liens) due to the Condominium with respect to the Units. There are no
pending emergency or special assessments, capital improvements, remedial assessments,
unpaid liens or other financial obligations imposed by the Board with respect to the Units,
and the Seller is current in regard to all its financial obligations to the Board and the
Condominium.

" = "1" "" ""  
61458/0006-42435629v2 
ACTIVE 62690184v1

=== page 260 ===
Case 25-11853-KBO    Doc 396-2    Filed 03/31/26    Page 260 of 551

2.   
The current total monthly Common Charges for the Units are as follows:

a. Unit 1: $0.00.

b. Unit 2: $0.00.

c. Unit 4: $0.00.

d. Unit 6: $0.00.

3. 
Neither the Board nor any party to any Condominium Document has a right of first refusal 
to lease or purchase the Units and Seller may freely without hindrance lease or sell the 
Units pursuant to the express terms of the Condominium Documents.

4. 
The Board has no claims, demands, or offset rights against Seller.

5. 
The Declaration and By-Laws are in full force and effect and have not been modified or 
supplemented or amended except as set forth above.

6. 
To the actual knowledge of the undersigned on behalf of the Board, neither the Units nor 
Seller is in violation or breach of, or in default under, any of the Condominium Documents, 
and the Board has no actual knowledge of any event or condition which, with the passage 
of time or the giving of notice or both, would constitute such a violation, breach or default 
by the Units or Seller. To the best of the knowledge of the undersigned on behalf of the 
Board, the Board has not received written notice of any claims, demands, causes of action 
or proceedings, pending or threatened, against the Units or Seller.

7. 
The undersigned representative of the Board agrees that this Estoppel Certificate may be 
relied upon by Purchaser, any assignee of Purchaser’s rights under the PSA (collectively, 
“Assignee”), any mortgagee of Purchaser, any mortgagee of Assignee, and all of their 
respective successors and assigns.

8. 
The undersigned representative of the Board is duly authorized and fully qualified to 
execute this Estoppel Certificate on behalf of the Board thereby binding the Board and the 
Condominium.

EXECUTED this ________ day of _________, 2022. 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
  
THE BOARD OF MANAGERS OF  
353 WEST 57TH STREET 
CONDOMINIUM 
 
  
 
 
  
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
By: 
 
 
 
 
 
 
  
      Name:

v4 (71728.00003.001) 
" = "1" "" ""  
61458/0006-42435629v2 
ACTIVE 62690184v1

=== page 261 ===
Case 25-11853-KBO    Doc 396-2    Filed 03/31/26    Page 261 of 551

EXHIBIT I-1

FORM OF CBA ASSUMPTION AGREEMENT

Attached

=== page 262 ===
Case 25-11853-KBO    Doc 396-2    Filed 03/31/26    Page 262 of 551

Exhibit I-1

ASSUMPTION AGREEMENT

This Agreement (the "Agreement") made as of this   day of __________, 2022, by and 
between PURCHASER NAME, on its own behalf and on behalf of any affiliated or related entity 
and any current or future owner, manager or operator, and their respective successors or assigns 
(collectively, "Purchaser"), and the New York Hotel and Motel Trades Council, AFL-CIO 
("Union").

Whereas, Purchaser has agreed to purchase the hotel known as “[HOTEL NAME]” (the 
"Hotel"), from the current owner, [SELLER NAME] ("Seller"); and

Whereas, Seller is bound to, inter alia, Article 59 of the collective bargaining agreement 
known as the Industry Wide Agreement between the Union and the Hotel Association of New 
York City, Inc. (“IWA”); and

Whereas, Article 59 of the IWA requires successors, assigns and transferees ("successor") 
to be bound to the IWA;

Whereas, Purchaser agrees that it will be a successor to the obligations under the IWA;

Now, therefore it is agreed:

1.
Purchaser agrees that it shall retain all current bargaining unit
employees, whose employment will continue uninterrupted and without loss of 
seniority, compensation, benefits or fringe benefits, and with no adverse effect on 
other terms and conditions of employment, subject to the IWA and applicable law.

2.
Purchaser agrees that, effective as of the date of the closing, it has
assumed, adopted and is bound by all of the terms, both economic and non-
economic, of the IWA and those agreements and practices supplementing the IWA.

3.
By virtue of the closing, Purchaser acknowledges that no new
verification of currently valid I-9 forms will be necessary.

4.
Effective immediately any and all disputes between the parties
hereto or regarding the interpretation or application of this Agreement shall be 
subject to the grievance and arbitration provisions of the IWA, the entirety of which 
is incorporated herein by reference.

[Signatures appear on the following page]

ACTIVE 62690213v2

=== page 263 ===
Case 25-11853-KBO    Doc 396-2    Filed 03/31/26    Page 263 of 551

IN WITNESS WHEREOF, the parties hereto have executed this Agreement as of the day 
and year first set forth above herein.

PURCHASER

PURCHASER NAME

UNION 
 
New York Hotel and Motel Trades Council, 
AFL-CIO 
 
By:

By:

Name:

Name:

Title:

Title:

Authorized to Sign

Authorized to Sign

Dated:

Dated:

ACTIVE 62690213v2

=== page 264 ===
Case 25-11853-KBO    Doc 396-2    Filed 03/31/26    Page 264 of 551

EXHIBIT I-2

FORM OF ALTERNATIVE AGREEMENT

Attached

=== page 265 ===
Case 25-11853-KBO    Doc 396-2    Filed 03/31/26    Page 265 of 551

MEMORANDUM OF AGREEMENT

This Agreement (the “Agreement”) is by, between and among EC 58th Street LLC d/b/a 
The Hudson Hotel, as Seller Party on their own behalf and on behalf of any of their related and 
affiliated entities, and any current or future owner, manager, or operator, and their respective 
successors and assigns (hereinafter referred to as the “Seller”), CSC Hudson LLC  on their own 
behalf and on behalf of any related and affiliated entities, and any current or future owner, 
manager, or operator, and their respective successors and assigns (collectively hereinafter 
referred to as “Purchaser” or “Employer”)  and the New York Hotel and Motel Trades Council, 
AFL-CIO (the “Union” or “HTC”).

WHEREAS, the Seller and the Union are bound to the Hotel Association of New York 
City, Inc. – New York Hotel and Motel Trades Council, AFL-CIO Industry Wide Collectively 
Bargaining Unit (the CBA referred to as the “IWA”) with respect to the property located at 356 
West 58th Street, New York, NY 10019 (the “Property”).

WHERAS, HTC represents employees employed by Seller and at the Property 
(“Bargaining Unit”) are currently comprised of employees listed in Attachment A (“Current 
Employees”);

WHEREAS, the Seller and Purchaser have discussed a transaction pursuant to which the 
Seller will sell the Property upon which the former Hudson Hotel (the “Hotel”) was operated, 
which Hotel is subject to the IWA; and

WHEREAS, the Purchaser intends to renovate the Property and operate it as a residential 
building.

NOW, THEREFORE, IT IS AGREED:

1. 
Effective immediately upon the Closing of the transaction, the Purchaser shall offer 
voluntary enhanced severance pay in the amount of thirty-five days (35) days per year of 
employment with the Hotel (“Enhanced Severance”), in addition to any Article 52 
severance, minus any bridge payments already made, less usual statutory deductions, to all 
of the Hotel’s Current Employees, as listed in Attachment A.  The amount of Enhanced 
Severance will be calculated in accordance with the provisions of IWA Article 52, using 
the years of service and wage rate as of today’s date.  Only Article 52 severance pay shall 
be subject to Fund contributions.  The payment of Enhanced Severance to the Hotel’s 
Employees as listed in Attachment A shall constitute full satisfaction of any obligation of 
the Seller and Purchaser under Articles 52 and 57 of the IWA with respect to any employees 
or former employees of the Hotel.  All employees accepting Enhanced Severance shall, as 
a condition of receiving same, execute a general release.

2. 
The Purchaser shall pay withdrawal liability to the Pension Fund in an amount assessed by 
the Pension fund using the Segal Blend formula in one lump sum payment within 60 days 
of the receipt of the demand to pay withdrawal liability from the Pension Fund.

3. 
Purchaser intends to convert the Hotel into market based residential housing or any other 
use other than a hotel or private membership club (collectively referred to as “converted 
use”).  Unless and until the Purchaser converts the Property into market based residential 
housing, the IWA shall continue to apply (e.g., the Purchaser obtains all of the necessary

ACTIVE 62680379v2

ACTIVE 62771130v1

=== page 266 ===
Case 25-11853-KBO    Doc 396-2    Filed 03/31/26    Page 266 of 551

permits and approvals and commence renovations).  No engineers shall be laid off during 
the renovation of the Property. 
 
4. 
If Purchaser, or its successor thereafter operates a hotel, private membership club, or food 
and beverage operation at the Property, or if the residential building offers leases of less 
than one (1) year, the former Employees shall be recalled and Purchaser, or its successor, 
shall be subject to the terms and conditions of the IWA and any agreements or practices 
supplementing the IWA, including the right to daily room clean.  All current employees 
shall retain their rights to all fairly claimable bargaining unit work at the Property. 
 
5. 
Upon Local 94-94A-94B International Union of Operating Engineers, AFL-CIO (“Local 
94”) presenting signed authorization cards to the Purchaser demonstrating that Local 94 
has the support of the majority of engineering bargaining unit employees, the Purchaser 
shall recognize Local 94 as the exclusive bargaining representative of bargaining unit 
employees. 
 
6. 
Upon Purchaser’s recognition of Local 94 as described above in Paragraph 6, the 
Purchaser agrees to adopt the terms of the Residential Building Agreement between the 
Realty Advisory Board on Labor Relations Incorporated and Local 94-94A-94B 
International Union of Operating Engineers, AFL-CIO (Local 94 CBA).  The Purchaser 
shall sign a separate assent to the Local 94 CBA.  No engineer shall be laid off, suffer a 
loss of hours, hourly or weekly wages, or suffer any other adverse effect as a result of 
the execution, assignment, or adoption of this Agreement.  It is understood that the 
current engineering employees will receive enhanced severance pursuant to Paragraph 
1 above.  
 
7. 
Upon Local 32BJ SEIU (“32BJ”) presenting signed authorization cards to the Purchaser 
demonstrating that 32BJ has the support of the majority of the non-engineering 
bargaining unit employees, the Purchaser shall recognize 32BJ as the exclusive 
bargaining representative of bargaining unit employees. 
 
8. 
Upon the Purchaser’s recognition of 32BJ as described above in Paragraph 4, the 
Purchaser agrees to adopt the terms of the Apartment Building Agreement between the 
Realty Advisory Board on Labor Relations Incorporated and Service Employees 
International Union, Local 32BJ (“32BJ Contract”). The Purchaser shall sign a separate 
assent to the 32BJ Contract.  Bargaining unit positions in the converted use of the 
Property shall first be offered to Current Employees by seniority. 
 
9. 
The HTC will disclaim interest in the above-described Bargaining Unit, upon the 
Purchaser’s recognition of Local 94 and 32BJ as described above in Paragraphs 6 and 8. 
 
10. 
This Agreement shall be binding on Purchaser’s successors and assigns in accordance with 
IWA Article 59, the entirety of which is incorporated herein by reference. Purchaser agrees 
to adopt and assume the IWA subject to this Agreement. Upon closing of the sale of the 
Property to Purchaser, Seller shall be deemed to have complied with Article 59 of the IWA 
by virtue of this Agreement.   
 
11. 
With the exception of disputes arising under Paragraphs 6 and 8 above, any disputes 
between the parties or regarding this Agreement shall be subject to binding arbitration

ACTIVE 62680379v2

ACTIVE 62771130v1

=== page 267 ===
Case 25-11853-KBO    Doc 396-2    Filed 03/31/26    Page 267 of 551

pursuant to the grievance and arbitration provisions of the IWA, the entirety of such 
grievance and arbitration provisions being incorporated herein by reference.  Disputes 
arising under Paragraphs 7 or 9 above shall be subject to binding arbitration pursuant to the 
respective grievance and arbitration provisions of the Local 94 or 32BJ Contract, the 
entirety of such grievance and arbitration provisions being incorporated herein by reference.

12. 
This Agreement shall be subject to ratification by the Union.

Dated:  __________________, 2021

SELLER: 
 
 
 
 
 
HTC:

_______________________  
 
 
 
 
_______________________ 
By: 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Richard Maroko 
Title:  
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
President 
Authorized to Sign 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Authorized to Sign

PURCHASER: 
 
 
 
 
 
32BJ:

_______________________  
 
 
 
 
_______________________  
By: 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
By: 
Title:  
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Title: 
Authorized to Sign 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Authorized to Sign 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Local 94 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
_______________________ 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
By: 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Title: 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Authorized to Sign

4896-1634-2028, v. 2

ACTIVE 62680379v2

ACTIVE 62771130v1

=== page 268 ===
Case 25-11853-KBO    Doc 396-2    Filed 03/31/26    Page 268 of 551

EXHIBIT J

Seller’s Bring Down Certificate

SELLER’S CERTIFICATE

Reference is made to that certain Purchase and Sale Agreement dated as of [______] [__], 
20[__] (the “Agreement”), by and between EC 58TH STREET LLC, a Delaware limited liability 
company, having an address c/o Cain International US Services LP, 350 Park Avenue, 14th Floor, 
New York, New York 10022 (collectively, “Seller”), and [_______________], having an address 
c/o [_______________________] (“Purchaser”), for the purchase and sale of the Premises.  All 
capitalized terms not otherwise defined herein, shall have the meaning ascribed thereto in the 
Agreement.

Seller hereby certifies to Purchaser that all of the warranties and representations of Seller 
made in the Agreement are true and correct in all material respects as of the date hereof, except as 
follows: [__________].

Nothing contained herein shall be deemed to expand the representations and warranties 
made by Seller under the Agreement or to expand the liability of Seller thereunder.

Dated:  _________ __, 20__

[SIGNATURE PAGE FOLLOWS]

ACTIVE 62709800v2

=== page 269 ===
Case 25-11853-KBO    Doc 396-2    Filed 03/31/26    Page 269 of 551

IN WITNESS WHEREOF, Seller has duly executed this certification the day and year 
first above written.

SELLER:

EC 58TH STREET LLC, 
a Delaware limited liability company

By: 
___________________________ 
 
Name: 
Title:

ACTIVE 62709800v2

=== page 270 ===
Case 25-11853-KBO    Doc 396-2    Filed 03/31/26    Page 270 of 551

EXHIBIT K

Form of Assignment and Assumption of Contracts

Attached

=== page 271 ===
Case 25-11853-KBO    Doc 396-2    Filed 03/31/26    Page 271 of 551

Form of Assignment and Assumption of Contracts

THIS ASSIGNMENT AND ASSUMPTION OF CONTRACTS (this “Assignment”), 
made as of the [      ] day of [            ], 2022, between EC 58th STREET LLC, a Delaware limited 
liability company having an address c/o Cain International US Services LP, 350 Park Avenue, 14th 
Floor, New York, New York 10022 (collectively, “Assignor”) and [                              ], a Delaware 
limited liability company having an address [                                                     ] (“Assignee”):

RECITALS

WHEREAS, pursuant to that certain Purchase and Sale Agreement dated as of [               ], 
between Assignor, as seller, and Assignee, as purchaser (the “Agreement”), Assignor is selling 
the Premises (as such term is more particularly described in the Agreement) to Assignee; and

WHEREAS, in connection with the purchase and sale of the Premises, Assignee has elected 
(in its sole and absolute discretion) to assume from Assignor, and Assignor is therefore obligated 
to assign to Assignee, the Assumed Contracts (as defined below), and Assignor and Assignee agree 
that such assignment and assumption shall be subject to the terms and conditions set forth in this 
Assignment.

NOW THEREFORE, in consideration of the foregoing promises, covenants and 
undertakings contained in this Assignment, and other good and valuable consideration, the receipt 
and sufficiency of which are hereby acknowledged, the parties agree as follows:

ASSIGNMENT AND ASSUMPTION

1. 
Assignor hereby assigns, transfers, sets-over, delivers and conveys unto 
Assignee all of the rights, title, interest, benefits and privileges of Assignor, as owner, under all of 
the service, maintenance, supply and other agreements (collectively, the “Assumed Contracts”) in 
effect relating to the operation of the Premises but only to the extent listed on Schedule A annexed 
hereto and incorporated herein by this reference, TO HAVE AND TO HOLD all and singular 
subject as aforesaid, unto Assignee.  This Assignment is made without any recourse and without 
representation or warranty of any kind, express or implied (except to the extent and only for so 
long as any representation and warranty, if any, regarding the Assumed Contracts as is set forth in 
the Agreement shall survive the closing of title thereunder, and subject to the limitations contained 
therein, which are hereby incorporated herein by reference).

2. 
Assignee hereby expressly assumes all of the obligations imposed upon the 
owner of the Premises under the Assumed Contracts which accrue from and after the date hereof.

3. 
This Assignment shall be binding upon, enforceable by and shall inure to 
the benefit of the parties hereto and their respective successors and assigns.

4. 
This Assignment may be signed in multiple counterparts which, when taken 
together and signed by all parties and delivered to any other party hereto, shall constitute a binding

61458/0006-42442710v1 
ACTIVE 62690147v2

=== page 272 ===
Case 25-11853-KBO    Doc 396-2    Filed 03/31/26    Page 272 of 551

Assignment between the parties.  Facsimile or portable document format (PDF) copies hereof and 
facsimile or PDF signatures shall have the same force and effect as originals.

5. 
This Assignment shall be governed by and construed in accordance with the 
laws of the State of New York.

2 
61458/0006-42442710v1 
ACTIVE 62690147v2

=== page 273 ===
Case 25-11853-KBO    Doc 396-2    Filed 03/31/26    Page 273 of 551

IN WITNESS WHEREOF, Assignor and Assignee have duly executed this instrument as 
of the date first set forth above.

ASSIGNOR:

EC 58th STREET LLC,  
a Delaware limited liability company

By: 
 
 
Name: 
Title:

[Signatures Continue on Following Page]

[Signature Page to Assignment and Assumption of Contracts]

3 
61458/0006-42442710v1 
ACTIVE 62690147v2

=== page 274 ===
Case 25-11853-KBO    Doc 396-2    Filed 03/31/26    Page 274 of 551

ASSIGNEE:

_________________________, 
a Delaware limited liability company]

By: 
 
 
Name: 
Title:

[Signature Page to Assignment and Assumption of Contracts]

4 
61458/0006-42442710v1 
ACTIVE 62690147v2

=== page 275 ===
Case 25-11853-KBO    Doc 396-2    Filed 03/31/26    Page 275 of 551

Schedule A to Assignment of Contracts

5 
61458/0006-42442710v1 
ACTIVE 62690147v2

=== page 276 ===
Case 25-11853-KBO    Doc 396-2    Filed 03/31/26    Page 276 of 551

EXHIBIT L

Form of Holdback Escrow Agreement

Attached

=== page 277 ===
Case 25-11853-KBO    Doc 396-2    Filed 03/31/26    Page 277 of 551

ESCROW AGREEMENT

This ESCROW AGREEMENT (this “Escrow Agreement”), dated as of _________, 2022, 
is by and among EC 58TH STREET LLC, a Delaware limited liability company (“Seller”), 
[____________], a Delaware limited liability company (“Purchaser”), and ROYAL ABSTRACT 
(“Escrow Agent”).

RECITALS:

A. 
WHEREAS, Seller and Purchaser entered into that certain Purchase and Sale 
Agreement, effective as of February __, 2022 (the “Purchase Agreement”).  All initially 
capitalized terms not otherwise defined in this Escrow Agreement shall have the meaning ascribed 
to such term in the Purchase Agreement.

B. 
WHEREAS, of even date herewith, Seller and Purchaser have consummated the 
Closing and, in connection therewith, Seller and Purchaser desire to establish an escrow with 
Escrow Agent pursuant to Section 8.2 of the Purchase Agreement.

C. 
WHEREAS, Purchaser and Seller desire to appoint Escrow Agent as the escrow 
agent pursuant to this Escrow Agreement, and Escrow Agent is willing to act as escrow agent 
hereunder.

D. 
WHEREAS, Escrow Agent has agreed to hold and disburse the Escrow Funds 
(defined below) pursuant to the terms of this Escrow Agreement.

NOW THEREFORE, in consideration of the covenants and agreements contained in this 
Escrow Agreement, and intending to be legally bound, the parties hereto agree as follows:

AGREEMENT

ARTICLE I 
APPOINTMENT OF ESCROW AGENT 
 
The parties hereto hereby appoint the Escrow Agent to act as escrow agent hereunder, and 
the Escrow Agent hereby agrees to serve as escrow agent upon the terms and conditions set forth 
herein. Escrow Agent shall hold, invest and disburse the Escrow Funds in accordance with the 
terms of this Escrow Agreement, which terms shall include, without limitation, the provisions of 
Article 3 below.

ARTICLE II

ESCROW 
2.1 
Escrow.  Seller hereby deposits TWO MILLION ONE HUNDRED THOUSAND 
AND NO/100  Dollars ($2,100,000.00), (such deposited funds together with any interest earned 
thereon are hereinafter referred to as the “Escrow Funds”) into escrow with the Escrow Agent, and 
the Escrow Agent hereby acknowledges receipt thereof.  Seller hereby expressly confirms that it has 
instructed Escrow Agent to retain the Escrow Funds from the net sales proceeds payable to Seller 
upon the Closing under the Purchase Agreement.  The Escrow Funds, together with the interest

1

ACTIVE 62599348v3

ACTIVE 62692824v2

=== page 278 ===
Case 25-11853-KBO    Doc 396-2    Filed 03/31/26    Page 278 of 551

thereon, shall be deposited by Escrow Agent into a federally insured, interest bearing account 
reasonably acceptable to Seller and Purchaser (the “Holdback Account”).  Escrow Agent hereby 
agrees that the Escrow Funds shall not be commingled with any other funds.

2.2 
Fee; Waiver of Offset.  Escrow Agent was selected as escrow agent and as the title 
agent, in connection with the Closing under the Purchase Agreement, in part because it agreed to 
act as Escrow Agent hereunder without any additional consideration due to it, and Escrow Agent 
acknowledges that it is not due any additional fee for its services hereunder. Escrow Agent agrees 
that it will not pay or attempt to pay or otherwise satisfy any claim it may have, whether arising 
under this Agreement or otherwise from the Escrow Funds.

2.3 
Disbursement of Escrow Funds.  The Escrow Funds shall be held in escrow by 
Escrow Agent in accordance with the following terms:

2.3.1. From time to time up until 5:00 p.m. Eastern Standard time on the one 
hundred fiftieth (150th) day after the Closing Date (the “Release Date”), in the event Purchaser 
makes a claim for a breach of any Surviving Seller Representation (“Claim”) as specifically set 
forth in the Purchase Agreement, Purchaser may request payment from the Escrow Funds by giving 
written notice of its Claim to Escrow Agent and to Seller (the “Purchaser Claim Notice”), 
certifying in such notice the nature of the Claim, the amount thereof if then ascertainable and, if 
not then ascertainable, a good faith estimate of the amount thereof and the provision(s) of the 
Purchase Agreement on which the claim is based.  If Escrow Agent does not receive a written 
objection (an “Objection Notice”) from Seller within ten (10) Business Days after Escrow Agent’s 
receipt of a Purchaser Claim Notice, Seller shall be deemed to have authorized payment of the 
Purchaser Claim Notice from the Escrow Funds, and Escrow Agent shall promptly pay to 
Purchaser the amount of such Claim to the extent of the balance of the Escrow Funds.  If within 
such period of ten (10) Business Days, the Escrow Agent shall receive an Objection Notice from 
Seller, then Escrow Agent shall not pay such claim and reserve and set aside a portion of the 
Escrow Funds equal to the amount of such Claim (each, a “Claim Reserve”); provided, however, 
that if the corresponding Purchaser Claim Notice specifies that the amount of Claim is not then 
ascertainable, Escrow Agent shall set aside a portion of the Escrow Funds equal to one hundred 
ten percent (110%) of the good faith estimate amount set forth in such Claim for such 
corresponding Claim Reserve.

2.3.2 Upon the receipt by the Escrow Agent of (i) joint written instructions signed 
by Purchaser and Seller or (ii) a copy of a final and non-appealable determination, finding, 
judgment and/or award by a court of competent jurisdiction hearing a claim, Escrow Agent shall 
pay the portion of the Claim Reserve directed to be paid therein to Purchaser or Seller as the case 
may be.

2.3.3 Delivery of Disbursements.  Unless otherwise notified by the recipient of 
funds from the Escrow Funds, disbursements shall be made by wire transfer to an account 
designated by the recipient.

2

ACTIVE 62599348v3

ACTIVE 62692824v2

=== page 279 ===
Case 25-11853-KBO    Doc 396-2    Filed 03/31/26    Page 279 of 551

2.3.4 On Release Date, the balance of the Escrow Funds, less the Claim Reserve 
and an amount equal to the amount of all Claims made prior to the Release Date for which the time 
period permitted for Seller to provide an Objection Notice has not elapsed, if any, shall be paid to 
Seller.  Upon resolution of all remaining timely provided Purchaser Claim Notices and Objection 
Notices, the remaining balance of the Escrow Funds shall be paid to Seller.

2.3.5 This Escrow Agreement shall terminate upon the disbursement by Escrow 
Agent of all of the Escrow Funds in accordance with this Escrow Agreement and Escrow Agent 
shall thereupon be discharged.

ARTICLE III 
LIABILITY OF ESCROW AGENT 
3.1 
Liability of Escrow Agent.  Escrow Agent shall have no liability or obligation with 
respect to the Escrow Funds except for Escrow Agent’s willful misconduct or gross negligence.  
Escrow Agent’s sole responsibility shall be for the safekeeping and disbursement of the Escrow 
Funds in accordance with the terms of this Escrow Agreement.  Escrow Agent shall have no 
implied duties or obligations and shall not be charged with knowledge or notice of any fact or 
circumstance not specifically set forth herein.  Escrow Agent may rely upon any instrument, not 
only as to its due execution, validity and effectiveness, but also as to the truth and accuracy of any 
information contained therein, which Escrow Agent shall in good faith believe to be genuine, to 
have been signed or presented by the person or parties purporting to sign the same and to conform 
to the provisions of this Escrow Agreement.  In no event shall Escrow Agent be liable for 
incidental, indirect, special, consequential or punitive damages.  Escrow Agent shall not be 
obligated to take any legal action or commence any proceeding in connection with the Escrow 
Funds, any account in which Escrow Funds is deposited, this Escrow Agreement or the Purchase 
Agreement, or to appear in, prosecute or defend any such legal action or proceeding.

3.2 
Authorization of Escrow Agent.  The Escrow Agent is authorized and instructed to 
comply with orders issued or process entered by any court of competent jurisdiction with respect 
to the Escrow Funds.  If any portion of the Escrow Funds is at any time attached, garnished or 
levied upon under any court order, or in case the payment, assignment, transfer, conveyance or 
delivery of any such property shall be stayed or enjoined by any court order, or in case any order, 
judgment or decree shall be made or entered by any court affecting such property or any part 
thereof, then and in any such event, the Escrow Agent is authorized, in its sole discretion, to rely 
upon and comply with any such order, writ, judgment or decree which it is advised by legal counsel 
selected by it is binding upon it without the need for appeal or other action; and if the Escrow 
Agent complies with any such order, writ, judgment or decree, it shall not be liable to any of the 
parties hereto or to any other person or entity by reason of such compliance even though such 
order, writ, judgment or decree may be subsequently reversed, modified, annulled, set aside or 
vacated.

3.3 
Indemnification of Escrow Agent.  Seller and Purchaser hereby agree, jointly and 
severally, to indemnify and hold harmless the Escrow Agent and its directors, officers and 
employees from and against any and all losses, liabilities, expenses, claims and demands 
(including reasonable attorneys’ fees and expenses) arising out of or in connection with the

3

ACTIVE 62599348v3

ACTIVE 62692824v2

=== page 280 ===
Case 25-11853-KBO    Doc 396-2    Filed 03/31/26    Page 280 of 551

performance of the Escrow Agent’s obligations in accordance with the provisions of this Escrow 
Agreement, except for the Escrow Agent’s own gross negligence or willful misconduct.  The 
obligations of Purchaser and Seller under this Section shall survive any termination of this Escrow 
Agreement.

ARTICLE IV 
MISCELLANEOUS 
4.1 
Assignment; Successors and Assigns; Third Parties.  Except as otherwise provided 
herein, neither Purchaser nor Seller shall convey, assign or otherwise transfer any of its rights or 
obligations under this Escrow Agreement without the express written consent of the other party.  
Any conveyance, assignment or other transfer of any of Escrow Agent’s rights and obligations 
under this Escrow Agreement shall require express written consent of both Purchaser and Seller.  
This Escrow Agreement shall be binding upon and shall inure to the benefit of the parties hereto 
and their respective successors and permitted assigns.  This Escrow Agreement is not intended to 
benefit, and shall not run to the benefit of or be enforceable by, any other person or entity other 
than the parties hereto and their successors and permitted assigns.

4.2 
Tax Reporting.  Seller and Purchaser agree that, for tax reporting purposes, all interest 
or other income earned from the investment of the Escrow Funds in any tax year shall (a) to the extent 
such interest or other income is distributed by the Escrow Agent to any person or entity pursuant to 
the terms of this Escrow Agreement during such tax year, be reported as allocated to such person or 
entity, and (b) otherwise shall be reported as allocated to Seller.

4.3 
Entire Agreement.  This Escrow Agreement and the Purchase Agreement set forth 
all of the promises, covenants, agreements, conditions and undertakings between the parties hereto 
with respect to the subject matter hereof and supersede all prior or contemporaneous agreements 
and understandings, negotiations, inducements or conditions, express or implied, oral or written.  
In the event of any direct conflict of the terms of this Escrow Agreement with the terms of the 
Purchase Agreement, the terms of this Escrow Agreement shall control and prevail.

4.4 
Severability.  If a provision of this Escrow Agreement is deemed to be contrary to 
law, that provision will be deemed separable from the remaining provisions of this Escrow 
Agreement, and will not affect the validity, interpretation or effect of the other provisions of either 
this Escrow Agreement or any agreement executed pursuant to it or the application of that 
provision to other circumstances not contrary to law.

4.5 
Notices.  All notices that are required or permitted hereunder shall be in writing and 
shall be sufficient if personally delivered or sent by registered or certified mail (return receipt 
requested and postage prepaid), email or Federal Express or other nationally recognized overnight 
delivery service; provided, however, if such notice is sent by email, a copy of such notice shall 
also be sent by one (1) of the other foregoing notice methods within one (1) business day after the 
day that the email notice is sent.  Any notice shall be deemed given upon the earlier of the date 
when received at, or the third day after the date when sent by registered or certified mail or the day 
after the date when sent by Federal Express or the day of when sent by email to, the address or

4

ACTIVE 62599348v3

ACTIVE 62692824v2

=== page 281 ===
Case 25-11853-KBO    Doc 396-2    Filed 03/31/26    Page 281 of 551

email set forth below, unless such address or email is changed by written notice to the other parties 
in accordance with this Escrow Agreement:

If to Seller: 
EC 58th Street LLC 
 
 
c/o Cain International US Services LP  
 
350 Park Avenue, 14th Floor 
New York, New York 10022 
 
 
Attention:  Cain Legal 
 
 
Email: legal@cainint.com 
 
  
 
 
and: 
Greenberg Traurig, LLP 
 
 
One Vanderbilt Avenue 
 
New York, New York 10017 
Attention:  Farah S. Ahmed, Esq. 
 
 
Email: ahmedf@gtlaw.com

If to Purchaser: 
__________________ 
c/o CSC Co-Living  
6 St. Johns Lane 
New York, New York 10013 
Attention: Sal Smeke and Alberto Smeke 
Email: ss@csc-coliving.com 
           as@csc-coliving.com

With a copy to: 
Cole Schotz P.C. 
1325 Avenue of the Americas, 19th Floor 
New York, New York 10019 
Attn: Jordan J. Metzger, Esq. 
Email: jmetzger@coleschotz.com  
 
 
If to Escrow Agent: 
Royal Abstract 
 
 
125 Park Avenue, Suite 1610 
 
 
New York, NY 10017  
 
 
Attn:  Michael J. Roberts, Esq. 
 
 
Email:  mroberts@royalabstract.com

4.6 
Expenses.  Except as otherwise provided for herein, each party shall be responsible 
for its own costs and expenses with respect to matters involving this Escrow Agreement.

4.7 
Governing Law.  This Escrow Agreement shall be governed by and construed in 
accordance with the laws of the State of New York.

4.8 
Execution Counterparts.  This Escrow Agreement may be executed in two (2) or 
more counterparts, each of which shall be deemed to be an original but all of which together shall 
be deemed to be one and the same instrument.

5

ACTIVE 62599348v3

ACTIVE 62692824v2

=== page 282 ===
Case 25-11853-KBO    Doc 396-2    Filed 03/31/26    Page 282 of 551

4.9 
Captions.  The captions herein are included for convenience of reference only and 
shall be ignored in the construction and interpretation hereof.

4.10 
Attorneys’ Fees.  If any legal action is brought for the enforcement of this Escrow 
Agreement, the successful or prevailing party shall be entitled to recover reasonable attorneys’ 
fees and other costs incurred in that action or proceeding (together with costs of enforcing any 
judgments or rulings), in addition to any other relief to which it may be entitled.  In all other matters 
arising hereunder, each party shall bear its own attorneys’ fees.

4.11 
Further Assurances.  Each party hereto, at the reasonable request of another party 
hereto, shall execute and deliver such other instruments and do and perform such other acts and 
things as may be necessary or desirable for effecting completely the consummation of this Escrow 
Agreement and the transactions contemplated hereby.

4.12 
Recitals Incorporated.  The foregoing recitals are hereby incorporated within and 
made an integral part of this Escrow Agreement as if fully set forth herein.

4.13 
No Waiver.  No failure on the part of Purchaser or Seller at any time to require the 
performance by the other of any provision of this Escrow Agreement shall in any way affect the 
party’s rights to require such performance, nor shall any waiver by any party of any provision 
hereof be taken or held to be a waiver of any other provision hereof.

[Signature pages follow]

6

ACTIVE 62599348v3

ACTIVE 62692824v2

=== page 283 ===
Case 25-11853-KBO    Doc 396-2    Filed 03/31/26    Page 283 of 551

IN WITNESS WHEREOF, Seller, Purchaser, and Escrow Agent have executed this 
Escrow Agreement as of _______ __, 2022.

SELLER: 
 
EC 58TH STREET LLC, 
a Delaware limited liability company 
 
 
 
 
By: 
 
Name:  
Title:

[signature pages follow]

Escrow Agreement – Signature Page 
ACTIVE 62599348v3

ACTIVE 62692824v2

=== page 284 ===
Case 25-11853-KBO    Doc 396-2    Filed 03/31/26    Page 284 of 551

PURCHASER: 
 
[__________________], 
a Delaware limited liability company 
 
 
By:   
 
Name:   
 
Title:

[signature page follows]

Escrow Agreement – Signature Page 
ACTIVE 62599348v3

ACTIVE 62692824v2

=== page 285 ===
Case 25-11853-KBO    Doc 396-2    Filed 03/31/26    Page 285 of 551

ESCROW AGENT: 
 
ROYAL ABSTRACT 
 
 
By:   
 
Name:   
 
Title:

Escrow Agreement – Signature Page 
ACTIVE 62599348v3

ACTIVE 62692824v2

=== page 286 ===
Case 25-11853-KBO    Doc 396-2    Filed 03/31/26    Page 286 of 551

EXHIBIT M

Form of Labor Severance Escrow Agreement

Attached

=== page 287 ===
Case 25-11853-KBO    Doc 396-2    Filed 03/31/26    Page 287 of 551

ESCROW AGREEMENT

This ESCROW AGREEMENT (this “Escrow Agreement”), dated as of _________, 2022, 
is by and among EC 58TH STREET LLC, a Delaware limited liability company (“Seller”), 
[____________], a Delaware limited liability company (“Purchaser”), and ROYAL ABSTRACT 
(“Escrow Agent”).

RECITALS:

A. 
WHEREAS, Seller and Purchaser entered into that certain Purchase and Sale 
Agreement, effective as of February __, 2022 (the “Purchase Agreement”).  All initially 
capitalized terms not otherwise defined in this Escrow Agreement shall have the meaning ascribed 
to such term in the Purchase Agreement.

B. 
WHEREAS, of even date herewith, Seller and Purchaser have consummated the 
Closing and, in connection therewith, Seller and Purchaser desire to establish the Labor Severance 
Escrow with Escrow Agent pursuant to Section 16.3 of the Purchase Agreement.

C. 
WHEREAS, after the Closing Date, there are [__]1 weeks remaining in the 30 week 
severance period provided for in NYC Local Law Int. 2397-2021.

D. 
WHEREAS, Purchaser and Seller desire to appoint Escrow Agent as the escrow 
agent pursuant to this Escrow Agreement, and Escrow Agent is willing to act as escrow agent 
hereunder.

E. 
WHEREAS, Escrow Agent has agreed to hold and disburse the Escrow Funds 
(defined below) pursuant to the terms of this Escrow Agreement.

NOW THEREFORE, in consideration of the covenants and agreements contained in this 
Escrow Agreement, and intending to be legally bound, the parties hereto agree as follows:

AGREEMENT

ARTICLE I 
APPOINTMENT OF ESCROW AGENT 
 
The parties hereto hereby appoint the Escrow Agent to act as escrow agent hereunder, and 
the Escrow Agent hereby agrees to serve as escrow agent upon the terms and conditions set forth 
herein. Escrow Agent shall hold, invest and disburse the Escrow Funds in accordance with the 
terms of this Escrow Agreement, which terms shall include, without limitation, the provisions of 
Article 3 below.

ARTICLE II

ESCROW 
2.1 
Escrow.  Seller hereby deposits $[_____] (such deposited funds together with any 
interest earned thereon are hereinafter referred to as the “Escrow Funds”), equal to [____] weeks of

1 To be completed as of Closing Date.

1

ACTIVE 62701336v4

=== page 288 ===
Case 25-11853-KBO    Doc 396-2    Filed 03/31/26    Page 288 of 551

severance pay in the gross sum of $500.00 per week for each employee of the Hotel listed on Schedule 
A hereto (hereafter referred to as the “Employees”) into escrow with the Escrow Agent, and the 
Escrow Agent hereby acknowledges receipt thereof.  Seller hereby expressly confirms that it has 
instructed Escrow Agent to retain the Escrow Funds from the net sales proceeds payable to Seller 
upon the Closing under the Purchase Agreement.  The Escrow Funds, together with the interest 
thereon, shall be deposited by Escrow Agent into a federally insured, interest bearing account 
reasonably acceptable to Seller and Purchaser (the “Holdback Account”).  Escrow Agent hereby 
agrees that the Escrow Funds shall not be commingled with any other funds.

2.2 
Fee; Waiver of Offset.  Escrow Agent was selected as escrow agent and as the title 
agent, in connection with the Closing under the Purchase Agreement, in part because it agreed to 
act as Escrow Agent hereunder without any additional consideration due to it, and Escrow Agent 
acknowledges that it is not due any additional fee for its services hereunder.  Escrow Agent agrees 
that it will not pay or attempt to pay or otherwise satisfy any claim it may have, whether arising 
under this Agreement or otherwise from the Escrow Funds.

2.3 
Disbursement of Escrow Funds.  The Escrow Funds shall be held in escrow by 
Escrow Agent in accordance with the following terms:

2.3.1. On a weekly basis, commencing on the Purchaser’s (or Purchaser’s 
manager’s) first regular payroll date following the Closing Date, Purchaser shall, or shall cause 
Purchaser’s manager to, pay to each of the Employees the gross sum of $500.00 per week (the 
“Severance Payments”) for [____] weeks.  Upon Purchaser’s submission of a payroll report to 
Seller and Escrow Agent showing that the Severance Payments have been made, Escrow Agent 
shall be authorized to release from the Escrow Funds the amount paid in Severance Payments for 
that week.  Payment of the Severance Payments, and reimbursement of the Purchaser or 
Purchaser’s manager therefor, shall continue for __ weeks.

2.3.2 At the end of [____] weeks, any balance in the Escrow Funds, including any 
interest earned, shall be returned to Seller.  This Escrow Agreement shall terminate upon the 
disbursement by Escrow Agent of all of the Escrow Funds in accordance with this Escrow 
Agreement and Escrow Agent shall thereupon be discharged.

2.3.3 Delivery of Disbursements.  Unless otherwise notified by the recipient of 
funds from the Escrow Funds, disbursements shall be made by wire transfer to an account 
designated by the recipient.

ARTICLE III 
LIABILITY OF ESCROW AGENT 
3.1 
Liability of Escrow Agent.  Escrow Agent shall have no liability or obligation with 
respect to the Escrow Funds except for Escrow Agent’s willful misconduct or gross negligence.  
Escrow Agent’s sole responsibility shall be for the safekeeping and disbursement of the Escrow 
Funds in accordance with the terms of this Escrow Agreement.  Escrow Agent shall have no 
implied duties or obligations and shall not be charged with knowledge or notice of any fact or 
circumstance not specifically set forth herein.  Escrow Agent may rely upon any instrument, not 
only as to its due execution, validity and effectiveness, but also as to the truth and accuracy of any

2

ACTIVE 62701336v4

=== page 289 ===
Case 25-11853-KBO    Doc 396-2    Filed 03/31/26    Page 289 of 551

information contained therein, which Escrow Agent shall in good faith believe to be genuine, to 
have been signed or presented by the person or parties purporting to sign the same and to conform 
to the provisions of this Escrow Agreement.  In no event shall Escrow Agent be liable for 
incidental, indirect, special, consequential or punitive damages.  Escrow Agent shall not be 
obligated to take any legal action or commence any proceeding in connection with the Escrow 
Funds, any account in which Escrow Funds is deposited, this Escrow Agreement or the Purchase 
Agreement, or to appear in, prosecute or defend any such legal action or proceeding.

3.2 
Authorization of Escrow Agent.  The Escrow Agent is authorized and instructed to 
comply with orders issued or process entered by any court of competent jurisdiction with respect 
to the Escrow Funds.  If any portion of the Escrow Funds is at any time attached, garnished or 
levied upon under any court order, or in case the payment, assignment, transfer, conveyance or 
delivery of any such property shall be stayed or enjoined by any court order, or in case any order, 
judgment or decree shall be made or entered by any court affecting such property or any part 
thereof, then and in any such event, the Escrow Agent is authorized, in its sole discretion, to rely 
upon and comply with any such order, writ, judgment or decree which it is advised by legal counsel 
selected by it is binding upon it without the need for appeal or other action; and if the Escrow 
Agent complies with any such order, writ, judgment or decree, it shall not be liable to any of the 
parties hereto or to any other person or entity by reason of such compliance even though such 
order, writ, judgment or decree may be subsequently reversed, modified, annulled, set aside or 
vacated.

3.3 
Indemnification of Escrow Agent.  Seller and Purchaser hereby agree, jointly and 
severally, to indemnify and hold harmless the Escrow Agent and its directors, officers and 
employees from and against any and all losses, liabilities, expenses, claims and demands 
(including reasonable attorneys’ fees and expenses) arising out of or in connection with the 
performance of the Escrow Agent’s obligations in accordance with the provisions of this Escrow 
Agreement, except for the Escrow Agent’s own gross negligence or willful misconduct.  The 
obligations of Purchaser and Seller under this Section shall survive any termination of this Escrow 
Agreement.

ARTICLE IV 
MISCELLANEOUS 
4.1 
Assignment; Successors and Assigns; Third Parties.  Except as otherwise provided 
herein, neither Purchaser nor Seller shall convey, assign or otherwise transfer any of its rights or 
obligations under this Escrow Agreement without the express written consent of the other party.  
Any conveyance, assignment or other transfer of any of Escrow Agent’s rights and obligations 
under this Escrow Agreement shall require express written consent of both Purchaser and Seller.  
This Escrow Agreement shall be binding upon and shall inure to the benefit of the parties hereto 
and their respective successors and permitted assigns.  This Escrow Agreement is not intended to 
benefit, and shall not run to the benefit of or be enforceable by, any other person or entity other 
than the parties hereto and their successors and permitted assigns.

3

ACTIVE 62701336v4

=== page 290 ===
Case 25-11853-KBO    Doc 396-2    Filed 03/31/26    Page 290 of 551

4.2 
Tax Reporting.  Seller and Purchaser agree that, for tax reporting purposes, all interest 
or other income earned from the investment of the Escrow Funds in any tax year shall (a) to the extent 
such interest or other income is distributed by the Escrow Agent to any person or entity pursuant to 
the terms of this Escrow Agreement during such tax year, be reported as allocated to such person or 
entity, and (b) otherwise shall be reported as allocated to Seller.

4.3 
Entire Agreement.  This Escrow Agreement and the Purchase Agreement set forth 
all of the promises, covenants, agreements, conditions and undertakings between the parties hereto 
with respect to the subject matter hereof and supersede all prior or contemporaneous agreements 
and understandings, negotiations, inducements or conditions, express or implied, oral or written.  
In the event of any direct conflict of the terms of this Escrow Agreement with the terms of the 
Purchase Agreement, the terms of this Escrow Agreement shall control and prevail.

4.4 
Severability.  If a provision of this Escrow Agreement is deemed to be contrary to 
law, that provision will be deemed separable from the remaining provisions of this Escrow 
Agreement, and will not affect the validity, interpretation or effect of the other provisions of either 
this Escrow Agreement or any agreement executed pursuant to it or the application of that 
provision to other circumstances not contrary to law.

4.5 
Notices.  All notices that are required or permitted hereunder shall be in writing and 
shall be sufficient if personally delivered or sent by registered or certified mail (return receipt 
requested and postage prepaid), email or Federal Express or other nationally recognized overnight 
delivery service; provided, however, if such notice is sent by email, a copy of such notice shall 
also be sent by one (1) of the other foregoing notice methods within one (1) business day after the 
day that the email notice is sent.  Any notice shall be deemed given upon the earlier of the date 
when received at, or the third day after the date when sent by registered or certified mail or the day 
after the date when sent by Federal Express or the day of when sent by email to, the address or 
email set forth below, unless such address or email is changed by written notice to the other parties 
in accordance with this Escrow Agreement:

If to Seller: 
EC 58th Street LLC 
 
 
c/o Cain International US Services LP  
 
350 Park Avenue, 14th Floor 
New York, New York 10022 
 
 
Attention:  Cain Legal 
 
 
Email: legal@cainint.com 
 
  
 
 
and: 
Greenberg Traurig, LLP 
 
 
One Vanderbilt Avenue 
 
New York, New York 10017 
Attention:  Farah S. Ahmed, Esq. 
 
 
Email: ahmedf@gtlaw.com

4

ACTIVE 62701336v4

=== page 291 ===
Case 25-11853-KBO    Doc 396-2    Filed 03/31/26    Page 291 of 551

If to Purchaser: 
__________________ 
c/o CSC Co-Living  
6 St. Johns Lane 
New York, New York 10013 
Attention: Sal Smeke and Alberto Smeke 
Email: ss@csc-coliving.com 
           as@csc-coliving.com

With a copy to: 
Cole Schotz P.C. 
1325 Avenue of the Americas, 19th Floor 
New York, New York 10019 
Attn: Jordan J. Metzger, Esq. 
Email: jmetzger@coleschotz.com  
 
 
If to Escrow Agent: 
Royal Abstract 
 
 
125 Park Avenue, Suite 1610 
 
 
New York, NY 10017  
 
 
Attn:  Michael J. Roberts, Esq. 
 
 
Email:  mroberts@royalabstract.com

4.6 
Expenses.  Except as otherwise provided for herein, each party shall be responsible 
for its own costs and expenses with respect to matters involving this Escrow Agreement.

4.7 
Governing Law.  This Escrow Agreement shall be governed by and construed in 
accordance with the laws of the State of New York.

4.8 
Execution Counterparts.  This Escrow Agreement may be executed in two (2) or 
more counterparts, each of which shall be deemed to be an original but all of which together shall 
be deemed to be one and the same instrument.

4.9 
Captions.  The captions herein are included for convenience of reference only and 
shall be ignored in the construction and interpretation hereof.

4.10 
Attorneys’ Fees.  If any legal action is brought for the enforcement of this Escrow 
Agreement, the successful or prevailing party shall be entitled to recover reasonable attorneys’ 
fees and other costs incurred in that action or proceeding (together with costs of enforcing any 
judgments or rulings), in addition to any other relief to which it may be entitled.  In all other matters 
arising hereunder, each party shall bear its own attorneys’ fees.

4.11 
Further Assurances.  Each party hereto, at the reasonable request of another party 
hereto, shall execute and deliver such other instruments and do and perform such other acts and 
things as may be necessary or desirable for effecting completely the consummation of this Escrow 
Agreement and the transactions contemplated hereby.

4.12 
Recitals Incorporated.  The foregoing recitals are hereby incorporated within and 
made an integral part of this Escrow Agreement as if fully set forth herein.

5

ACTIVE 62701336v4

=== page 292 ===
Case 25-11853-KBO    Doc 396-2    Filed 03/31/26    Page 292 of 551

4.13 
No Waiver.  No failure on the part of Purchaser or Seller at any time to require the 
performance by the other of any provision of this Escrow Agreement shall in any way affect the 
party’s rights to require such performance, nor shall any waiver by any party of any provision 
hereof be taken or held to be a waiver of any other provision hereof.

[Signature pages follow]

6

ACTIVE 62701336v4

=== page 293 ===
Case 25-11853-KBO    Doc 396-2    Filed 03/31/26    Page 293 of 551

IN WITNESS WHEREOF, Seller, Purchaser, and Escrow Agent have executed this 
Escrow Agreement as of _______ __, 2022.

SELLER: 
 
EC 58TH STREET LLC, 
a Delaware limited liability company 
 
 
 
 
By: 
 
Name:  
Title:

[signature pages follow]

Escrow Agreement – Signature Page 
ACTIVE 62701336v4

=== page 294 ===
Case 25-11853-KBO    Doc 396-2    Filed 03/31/26    Page 294 of 551

PURCHASER: 
 
[__________________], 
a Delaware limited liability company 
 
 
By:   
 
Name:   
 
Title:

[signature page follows]

Escrow Agreement – Signature Page 
ACTIVE 62701336v4

=== page 295 ===
Case 25-11853-KBO    Doc 396-2    Filed 03/31/26    Page 295 of 551

ESCROW AGENT: 
 
ROYAL ABSTRACT 
 
 
By:   
 
Name:   
 
Title:

Escrow Agreement – Signature Page 
ACTIVE 62701336v4

=== page 296 ===
Case 25-11853-KBO    Doc 396-2    Filed 03/31/26    Page 296 of 551

Schedule A

Employees

Escrow Agreement – Signature Page 
ACTIVE 62701336v4

=== page 297 ===
Case 25-11853-KBO    Doc 396-2    Filed 03/31/26    Page 297 of 551

SCHEDULE A

Permitted Exceptions

1.
Restrictive Covenants as recited in Liber 656 of Deeds, Page 133, Liber 658 of
Deeds, Page 127, Liber 657 of Deeds, Page 80, Liber 1634 of Deeds, Page 385, Liber 999 of 
Deeds, Page 239, Liber 1006 of Deeds, Page 40, Liber 1613 of Deeds, Page 85, Liber 1006 of 
Deeds, Page 45, Liber 1037 of Deeds, Page 165, Liber 1069 of Deeds, Page 123, Liber 1609 of 
Deeds, Page 160, Liber 1006 of Deeds, Page 43, Liber 1031 of Deeds, Page 428, Liber 1031 of 
Deeds, Page 426, Liber 1037 of Deeds, Page 168, Liber 1069 of Deeds, Page 125, Liber 642 of 
Deeds, Page 494 and Liber 644 of Deeds, Page 428.

2.
The terms, conditions and easements set forth in the Declaration of Condominium
and By-Laws dated 4/11/1985 and recorded 4/24/1985 in the Office of the City Register of the 
City of New York, County of New York, in Reel 902 Page 1.

(a)
First Amendment to Declaration dated 1/29/1993 and recorded 5/11/1993
in Reel 1969 Page 2286.

(b)
Amended and Restated Declaration made by Henry Hudson Holdings
LLC, Irving Schatz, Adrienne Wechsler and Cheryl Hirsch dated as of 2/12/1999 and 
recorded 7/16/1999 in Reel 2913 Page 1753.

(c)
Amendment to Amended and Restated Declaration dated as of 9/30/1999
and recorded 10/27/1999 in Reel 2979 Page 2159.

3.
Terms, Covenants, Conditions and Provisions contained in a Lease dated as of
1/1/1999 made by and between Adrienne Schatz (a/k/a Adrianne Wachsler) and Cheryl Hirsch, 
as landlord and Henry Hudson Holdings LLC, as tenant, a Memorandum of which was dated as 
of 9/30/1999 and recorded 10/27/1999 in Reel 2979 Page 2172. (affects Lot 1704)

(a)
Unrecorded Amendment to Lease made by and between Adrienne Schatz
(a/k/a Adrienne Wechsler) and Cheryl Hirsch, as landlord, and Henry Hudson Holdings 
LLC, as tenant, dated as of 9/30/1999, as evidenced by Assignment and Assumption of 
Ground Lease in Lieu of Foreclosure made by Henry Hudson Holdings LLC to EC 58th 
Street LLC dated as of 11/24/2020 and recorded 12/4/2020 as CRFN 2020000344629.

(b)
Unrecorded Amendment to Lease made by and between Adrienne Schatz
(a/k/a Adrienne Wechsler) and Cheryl Hirsch, as lessor, and Henry Hudson Holdings 
LLC, as lessee, dated as of 8/13/2004, as evidenced by Assignment and Assumption of 
Ground Lease in Lieu of Foreclosure made by Henry Hudson Holdings LLC to EC 58th 
Street LLC dated as of 11/24/2020 and recorded 12/4/2020 as CRFN 2020000344629.

(c)
Assignment and Assumption of Ground Lease in Lieu of Foreclosure
made by Henry Hudson Holdings LLC to EC 58th Street LLC dated as of 11/24/2020 
and recorded 12/4/2020 as CRFN 2020000344629.

61458/0006-42447329v1 
ACTIVE 62692819v1

=== page 298 ===
Case 25-11853-KBO    Doc 396-2    Filed 03/31/26    Page 298 of 551

4. 
  Terms, Covenants, Conditions and Provisions contained in a Lease dated as of 
2/11/1999 made by and between Irving Schatz, as landlord and Ian Schrager Hotels LLC, as 
tenant (affects Lot 1706).

(a) 
Amended and Restated Memorandum of Lease made between Ian 
Schrager Hotels LLC and Irving Schatz dated as of 2/12/1999 and recorded 3/23/1999 in 
Reel 2841 Page 1872.

(b) 
Assignment and Assumption of Lease made by and between Ian Schrager 
Hotels LLC (f/k/a West 57th LLC) to Henry Hudson Holdings LLC dated as of 
2/12/1999 and recorded 3/23/1999 in Reel 2841 Page 1882.

(c) 
Unrecorded Amendment to Lease made by and between Irving Schatz, as 
landlord, and Henry Hudson Holdings LLC, as tenant, dated as of 8/17/2004, as 
evidenced by Assignment and Assumption of Ground Lease in Lieu of Foreclosure 
made by Henry Hudson Holdings LLC to EC 58th Street LLC dated as of 11/24/2020 
and recorded 12/4/2020 as CRFN 2020000344630.

(d) 
Assignment and Assumption of Ground Lease in Lieu of Foreclosure 
made by Henry Hudson Holdings LLC to EC 58th Street LLC dated as of 11/24/2020 
and recorded 12/4/2020 as CRFN 2020000344630.

61458/0006-42447329v1 
ACTIVE 62692819v1

=== page 299 ===
Case 25-11853-KBO    Doc 396-2    Filed 03/31/26    Page 299 of 551

SCHEDULE B

Tax Certiorari Proceedings

Attached

=== page 300 ===
Case 25-11853-KBO    Doc 396-2    Filed 03/31/26    Page 300 of 551

THE TAX COMMISSION OF THE CITY OF NEW YORK
ONE CENTRE STREET, ROOM 2400, NEW YORK, NY 10007

TC70-013-01406
1 - 1048 - 1701
10/14/2021

DITCHIK & DITCHIK PLLC
ATTN: JOEL  DITCHIK ESQ
370 LEXINGTON AVENUE
NEW YORK NY 10017

Application for 2021/22
Block   1048
Lot   1701 - 1706
Ranges:  3Lots:  4
Borough of Manhattan

0491

NOTICE OF OFFER AND ACCEPTANCE AGREEMENT NO. 2022-013-01406
PAGE 5 OF 5

Based on its review of your application for correction, the Tax Commission offers to adjust the property's tax
assessment as follows:

21/22 Total
21/22 Exempt
ORIGINAL ACTUAL
61,855,843
TRANSITIONAL
79,005,357
TAX CLASS
4

ACTUAL REDUCTION
-16,701,076
OF WHICH LAND
OF WHICH PHYSICAL

PROPOSED ACTUAL
45,154,767
TAX CLASS
4

Offer applies to lots 1701-1702, 1704, 1706

AGREEMENT: The applicant accepts the proposed assessments and all of the terms printed above and on
pages 1 - 4, and certifies that all disclosures required by the agreement have been duly made and that there
has been no sale of the property except as so disclosed.

November 5, 2021

Date
EC 58TH STREET LLC

Steven Tishco

X Signature
By (print)

Attorney

Ditchik & Ditchik, PLLC

Specify authorization
Firm

To accept this offer, SIGN and RETURN THIS ENTIRE PAGE. It must be received no later than November 29,
2021.

C1.208-22.2

Calendar Page:
9372
Hearing Date:
September 28, 2021
Property Address:
353 WEST 57 STREET
Boro-Block-Lot:
1-1048-1701
Hearing Officer:
019

#2022-013-01406-0491#

=== page 301 ===
Case 25-11853-KBO    Doc 396-2    Filed 03/31/26    Page 301 of 551

SUPREME COURT OF THE STATE OF NEW YORK 
COUNTY OF NEW YORK 
---------------------------------------------| 
In the Matter of
| Index No.     
 
 
 
 
    | 258783/21

EC 58TH STREET LLC

| 
| Taxes of: 2021/22
   | 
Petitioner,    | Borough: Manhattan

| 
-against-
| Block: 1048
     | Lots:  1701, 1702, 1704 and
THE TAX COMMISSION OF THE CITY OF NEW YORK   |        1706    
and THE COMMISSIONER OF FINANCE OF THE CITY  | 
OF NEW YORK
| 
| 
 Respondents.  | 
---------------------------------------------|

IT IS HEREBY STIPULATED that the above entitled proceeding be dis- 
continued without costs to either party.

Dated: 
New York, NY  
November 5, 2021

Ditchik & Ditchik, PLLC 
Attorneys for Petitioner 
370 Lexington Avenue, Suite 2301 
New York, NY 10017

___________________________________
CORPORATION COUNSEL

Attorney for Respondents

Assessment reduced from $61,855,843 to $45,154,767

=== page 302 ===
Case 25-11853-KBO    Doc 396-2    Filed 03/31/26    Page 302 of 551

Index No. 258783/21            Year 2021

_________________________________________________________________

NEW YORK SUPREME COURT

COUNTY OF NEW YORK 
_________________________________________________________________

EC 58TH STREET LLC

In the Matter of  
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
       
 
 
 
 
 
      
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
            
       
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
       
 
 
 
 
 
 
Petitioner,       
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
       
 
    
 
 
 
-against-  
 
                       
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
                  
THE TAX COMMISSION OF THE CITY OF NEW YORK                
 
and THE COMMISSIONER OF FINANCE OF THE CITY 
 
OF NEW YORK 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 Respondents.

_________________________________________________________________

STIPULATION OF DISCONTINUANCE 
_________________________________________________________________

GEORGIA M. PESTANA 
Corporation Counsel 
Attorney for Respondents 
100 Church Street 
New York, N.Y. 10007 
(212) 788-0303

__________________________________________________________________

=== page 303 ===
Case 25-11853-KBO    Doc 396-2    Filed 03/31/26    Page 303 of 551

SCHEDULE C

SRO Schedule

Attached

=== page 304 ===
Case 25-11853-KBO    Doc 396-2    Filed 03/31/26    Page 304 of 551

Schedule C 
SRO Unit Schedule as of January 27, 2022

#
Tenant Floor
Tenant Unit #

1
11
1169

2
15
1546

3
17
1722

4
18
1846

5
18
1856 / (1857 & 1855)

6
19
1916

7
20
2017

8
20
2031

9
20
2039

10
20
2045

11
21
2106

12
21
2107

13
21
2114

14
21
2129

15
21
2135

16
21
2138

17
21
2139

18
21
2140

19
21
2145

20
21
2146

21
21
2155

22
21
2157

23
22
2204

24
22
2206

25
22
2207

26
22
2211

27
22
2212

28
22
2227

29
22
2231

30
22
2232

31
22
2235

32
22
2236

33
22
2239

34
22
2244

35
22
2245

36
22
2253

37
22
2255

=== page 305 ===
Case 25-11853-KBO    Doc 396-2    Filed 03/31/26    Page 305 of 551

SCHEDULE D

Condominium Documents 
 
Declaration of condominium dated April 11, 1985 made by Irving Schatz pursuant to Article 9-B 
of the Real Property Law of the State of New York, as establishing a plan for condominium 
ownership of which Original Declaration was recorded in the New York County Office of the 
Register of the City of New York on April 24, 1985 in Reel 902 Page 1. 
 
First Amendment to Declaration made by Irving Schatz dated January 29, 1993 and recorded 
May 11, 1993 in Reel 1969 Page 2286. 
 
Amended and Restated Declaration, dated as of February 12, 1999, made by Henry Hudson 
Holdings LLC, Irving Schatz, Adrienne Wechsler and Cheryl Hirsch which A&R Declaration 
was recorded July 16, 1999 in Reel 2913 Page 1753 (and which A&R Declaration, by its terms, 
restated the Original Declaration in its entirety). 
 
Amendment to Amended and Restated Declaration, dated September 30, 1999, and recorded on 
October 27, 1999 in Reel 2979 Page 2159  
 
By-Laws of 353 West 57th Street Condominium and the Rules and Regulations of 353 West 57th 
Street Condominium attached thereto.

ACTIVE 62692700v1

=== page 306 ===
Case 25-11853-KBO    Doc 396-2    Filed 03/31/26    Page 306 of 551

SCHEDULE E

Purchaser’s title objections that Seller shall cause to be omitted from Purchaser’s Title Policy

1. Terms, Covenants, Conditions and Provisions of unrecorded Sub-Lease (Operating 
Lease) dated 8/28/2000 made by and between Henry Hudson Holdings LLC, as landlord, 
and Hudson Leaseco LLC, as tenant.

a. Lease Subordination Agreement made by and between Henry Hudson Holdings

LLC, as landlord, Hudson Leaseco LLC, as tenant, and Corus Bank, N.A., as 
lender, dated as of 11/6/2000 and recorded 2/8/2001 in Reel 3236 Page 955.

2. Terms, Covenants, Conditions and Provisions of unrecorded Supplemental Management 
Agreement made by and between Hudson Leaseco LLC, as lessee, and Hudson 
Management Member LLC, as manager, dated as of 8/28/2000, as evidenced by 
Subordination of Supplemental Management Agreement recorded 2/8/2001 in Reel 3236 
Page 1041.

a. Subordination of Supplemental Management Agreement made by and between

Hudson Leaseco LLC and Greenwich Capital Financial Products, Inc. dated as of 
8/13/2004 and recorded 5/11/2005 as CRFN 2005000272715. 
3. Terms, Covenants, Conditions and Provisions of unrecorded Sub-Lease (Bar Lease) dated 
8/12/2011 made by and between Henry Hudson Holdings LLC, as landlord, and 58th 
Street Bar Company LLC, as tenant. 
 
4. Assignment of Leases and Rents made by Henry Hudson Holdings LLC, 58th Street Bar 
Company LLC and Hudson Leaseco LLC to Column Financial, Inc. dated as of 2/9/2017 and 
recorded 2/21/2017 as CRFN 2017000070242. (affects Fee Estate of Lots 1701 and 1702 
Leasehold and Sub-leasehold Estates of Lots 1704 and 1706)

a. Assignment of Assignment of Leases and Rents made by Column Financial, Inc. to

U.S. Bank National Association, not in its individual capacity but solely in its capacity 
as Trustee in trust for the holders of CSMC Trust 2017-HD, Commercial Mortgage 
Pass-Through Certificates 2017-HD dated as of 3/29/2017 and recorded 2/18/2020 as 
CRFN 2020000061988, as corrected by Corrective Assignment of Assignment of 
Leases and Rents dated as of 5/15/2020 and recorded 5/22/2020 as CRFN 
2020000154472.

b. Assignment of Assignment of Leases and Rents made by U.S. Bank National

Association, not in its individual capacity but solely in its capacity as Trustee in trust 
for the holders of CSMC Trust 2017-HD, Commercial Mortgage Pass-Through 
Certificates 2017-HD to Holliday Park, LLC dated as of 3/20/2020 and recorded 
3/31/2020 as CRFN 2020000113456. 
c. Assignment of Assignment of Leases and Rents made by Holliday Park, LLC to

Security Benefit Life Insurance Company dated 12/18/2020 and recorded 1/4/2021 
as CRFN 2021000000917. 
 
5. UCC Financing Statement: 
Secured Party: Column Financial, Inc.

61458/0006-42420005v2 
ACTIVE 62690322v2

=== page 307 ===
Case 25-11853-KBO    Doc 396-2    Filed 03/31/26    Page 307 of 551

Debtors: Henry Hudson Holdings LLC, 58th Street Bar Company LLC and 
Hudson Leaseco LLC 
Filed: 2/21/2017 
CRFN 2017000070243 
 
As assigned by UCC-3 recorded 10/1/2020 as CRFN 2020000265736 
As assigned by UCC-3 recorded 11/17/2020 as CRFN 2020000321336 
 
 
6. Proof is required from the Board of Managers that there are no unpaid maintenance 
charges and/or assessments against the Unit to be conveyed or mortgaged.  
 
7. Closing deed shall contain a statement of the use for which the Unit is intended as 
required by Real Property Law §339-0 (3). 
 
8. Satisfactory proof must be submitted that the Board of Managers has consented to the 
proposed sale and has waived its right of first refusal, if any, as may be provided for by 
the By-Laws.

9. A duly acknowledged estoppel certificate is required from the landlord certifying that 
the lease to be insured has not been assigned, altered, modified or amended, except as 
set forth herein, and that said lease is in full force and effect and that there are no 
existing defaults by the tenant in respect to any terms, covenants, conditions and 
agreements contained in said lease.

10. With respect to EC 58th Street LLC, the following proofs and documents must be submitted 
to this Company for examination prior to closing and upon review additional exceptions may 
thereafter be raised:

A) Proof that EC 58th Street LLC has been validly formed and 
remains in existence. Note: This may be established by an affidavit 
from a member or attorney representing, EC 58th Street LLC, with 
knowledge of the facts and should include the submission to this 
Company of a status letter or other evidence from the Secretary of State 
to the effect that EC 58th Street LLC remains in existence.

B) In addition to the proof required above:

1. A copy of the Articles of Organization, together with 
any amendments thereto, together with proof of filing of 
same with the Secretary of State;

2. A fully executed copy of the Operating Agreement, together 
with any amendments thereto;

3. Resolution of EC 58th Street LLC executed by duly 
authorized member(s) or manager(s) approving the subject

2 
61458/0006-42420005v2 
ACTIVE 62690322v2

=== page 308 ===
Case 25-11853-KBO    Doc 396-2    Filed 03/31/26    Page 308 of 551

transaction, which resolution identifies the person(s) authorized 
and directed to act for said EC 58th Street LLC together with 
proof that the resolution was adopted in accordance with the 
Operating Agreement and the Articles of Organization. If the 
subject transaction involved the sale, exchange, lease or mortgage 
of all or substantially all of the assets of said EC 58th Street 
LLC, then absent provisions to the contrary in the Operating 
Agreement, such resolution must also be adopted by the vote of at 
least two-thirds in interest of the members entitled to vote 
thereon.

11. A. Satisfactory proof by affidavit must be furnished showing whether any work has been
done upon the premises by the City, or any demand made by the City for any work, that
may result in charges:

a.
By the New York City Department of Rent and Housing Maintenance,
Emergency Services;
b. By the New York City Department of Environmental Protection for Water Tap

Closing or any related work; and
c.
By the New York City Department of Health, whether or not such charges are
liens against which this Policy insures.
C)
Satisfactory proof by affidavit must be furnished showing whether any fee for an
inspection, re-inspection, examination or service performed the Department of Buildings 
or permit issued by The Department of Buildings have been levied, charges, created or 
incurred that may become a lien on the premises, whether or not such charges are liens 
against which this Policy insures.

12. All mortgages on the Mortgage Schedule included in the Commitment and recited below:

A. Amended and Restated Replacement Mortgage A in the original principal amount of

$217,000,000.00 made by Henry Hudson Holdings LLC, Morgans Holdings LLC and 
Royalton, LLC to Wachovia Bank, National Association dated 10/6/2006 and recorded 
12/11/2006 as CRFN 2006000679014.  (Originally affected premises herein and Block 
867 Lot 20 and Block 1259 Lot 11)

Mortgage Tax Paid: $ -0-

NOTE:  Said mortgage A was derived from Note and Mortgage Severance Agreement 
made between Wachovia Bank, National Association, Royalton, LLC, Henry Hudson 
Holdings LLC and Morgans Holdings LLC dated as of 10/6/2006 and recorded 
12/11/2006 as CRFN 2006000679013. 
(See Mortgage Exhibit annexed)

1. Said mortgage A was released from Block 867 Lot 20 and Block 1259 Lot 11 by
Partial Release of Amended and Restated Replacement Mortgage A made between
Wachovia Bank, National Association, Henry Hudson Holdings LLC, Morgans

3
61458/0006-42420005v2 
ACTIVE 62690322v2

=== page 309 ===
Case 25-11853-KBO    Doc 396-2    Filed 03/31/26    Page 309 of 551

Holdings LLC and Royalton LLC dated as of 10/6/2006 and recorded 12/11/2006 as 
CRFN 2006000679017.

2. Said mortgage A was amended by Agreement of Consolidation and Modification of 
Mortgage, Security Agreement, Assignment of Rents and Fixture Filing made 
between Henry Hudson Holdings LLC and Wachovia Bank, National Association 
dated as of 10/6/2006 and recorded 12/11/2006 as CRFN 2006000679020.

3. Said mortgage A was assigned by Wachovia Bank, National Association to LaSalle 
Bank National Association, as Trustee for the Benefit of the Holders of Wachovia 
Bank Commercial Mortgage Trust, Commercial Mortgage Pass-Through Certificates, 
Series 2007-Whale 8, solely to the extent set forth in the applicable Partition 
Agreement, the applicable Non-Trust Portion Holder by Assignment of Mortgage 
dated as of 6/27/2007 and recorded 11/27/2007 as CRFN 2007000587889.

4. Said mortgage A was modified by Modification of Agreement of Consolidation and 
Modification of Mortgage, Security Agreement, Assignment of Rents and Fixture 
Filing made between Henry Hudson Holdings LLC and Bank of America, National 
Association, as successor by merger to LaSalle Bank National Association, as Trustee 
for the Benefit of the Holders of Wachovia Bank Commercial Mortgage Trust, 
Commercial Mortgage Pass-Through Certificates, Series 2007-Whale 8 dated as of 
9/30/2010 and recorded 10/14/2010 as CRFN 2010000344286.

5. Said mortgage A was assigned by Bank of America, National Association, as 
successor by merger to LaSalle Bank National Association, as Trustee for the Benefit 
of the Holders of Wachovia Bank Commercial Mortgage Trust, Commercial 
Mortgage Pass-Through Certificates, Series 2007-Whale 8 to Deutsche Bank Trust 
Company of Americas, as Administrative Agent, by Assignment of Mortgage dated 
as of 8/12/2011 and recorded 9/16/2011 as CRFN 2011000329360.

6. Said mortgage A was amended and restated in the reduced amount of 
$115,000,000.00 by Amended, Restated and Consolidated Mortgage, Assignment of 
Leases and Rents, Hotel Revenue and Security Agreement made between Henry 
Hudson Holdings LLC, Hudson Leaseco LLC and 58th Street Bar Company LLC and 
Deutsche Bank Trust Company of Americas, as Administrative Agent, dated as of 
8/12/2011 and recorded 9/16/2011 as CRFN 2011000329361.  (spread to cover the 
fee estate of Lots 1701 and 1702 and leasehold and sub-leasehold estates of Lots 1704 
and 1706)

7. Said mortgage A was amended by First Amendment to Amended, Restated and 
Consolidated Mortgage, Assignment of Leases and Rents, Hotel Revenue and 
Security Agreement made between Henry Hudson Holdings LLC, Hudson Leaseco 
LLC and 58th Street Bar Company LLC and Deutsche Bank Trust Company of 
Americas, as Administrative Agent, dated as of 12/7/2011 and recorded 2/21/2012 as 
CRFN 2012000068316.

4 
61458/0006-42420005v2 
ACTIVE 62690322v2

=== page 310 ===
Case 25-11853-KBO    Doc 396-2    Filed 03/31/26    Page 310 of 551

8. Said mortgage A was assigned by Deutsche Bank Trust Company of Americas, as 
Administrative Agent to UBS Real Estate Securities Inc. by Assignment of Mortgage 
dated as of 11/14/2012 and recorded 11/26/2012 as CRFN 2012000461819.

B. Fee and Leasehold Mortgage in the original principal amount of $65,000,000.00 made by

Henry Hudson Holdings LLC, Hudson Leaseco LLC and 58th Street Bar Company LLC 
to UBS Real Estate Securities Inc. dated as of 11/14/2012 and recorded 11/26/2012 as 
CRFN 2012000461820. (affects Fee Estate of Lots 1701 and 1702 Leasehold and Sub-
leasehold Estates of Lots 1704 and 1706) 
 
Mortgage Tax Paid: $1,820,000.00

1. Said mortgages A and B were consolidated to form a single lien of $180,000,000.00 
by Consolidated, Amended and Restated Fee and Leasehold Mortgage and Security 
Agreement made between Henry Hudson Holdings LLC, Hudson Leaseco LLC and 
58th Street Bar Company LLC and UBS Real Estate Securities Inc. dated as of 
11/14/2012 and recorded 11/26/2012 as CRFN 2012000461821.

2. Said mortgages A and B, as consolidated, were assigned by UBS Real Estate 
Securities Inc. to Citigroup Global Markets Realty Corp. and Bank of America, N.A. 
by Assignment of Mortgage dated as of 2/6/2014 and recorded 2/14/2014 as CRFN 
2014000058277.

C. Consolidated, Amended and Restated Fee and Leasehold Mortgage and Security

Agreement in the original principal amount of $53,333,333.34 made by Henry Hudson 
Holdings LLC, Hudson Leaseco LLC and 58th Street Bar Company LLC to Citigroup 
Global Markets Realty Corp. and Bank of America, N.A. dated as of 2/6/2014 and 
recorded 2/14/2014 as CRFN 2014000058278. (affects Fee Estate of Lots 1701 and 
1702 Leasehold and Sub-leasehold Estates of Lots 1704 and 1706) 
 
Mortgage Tax Paid: $1,493,332.41

1. Said mortgages A through C were consolidated to form a single lien of 
$233,333,333.34 by the terms of said mortgage C. 
 
2. Said mortgages A through C, as consolidated, were assigned by Citigroup Global 
Markets Realty Corp. and Bank of America, N.A. to Deutsche Bank Trust 
Company Americas, as Trustee for CGBAM Commercial Mortgage Trust 2014-
HD. Commercial Mortgage Pass-Through Certificates, Series 2014-HD and The 
Companion Loan Holder by Assignment of Mortgage dated 5/28/2014 and 
recorded 8/4/2014 as CRFN 2014000255044. 
 
3. Said mortgages A through C, as consolidated, were assigned by Deutsche Bank 
Trust Company Americas, as Trustee for CGBAM Commercial Mortgage Trust 
2014-HD. Commercial Mortgage Pass-Through Certificates, Series 2014-HD and

5 
61458/0006-42420005v2 
ACTIVE 62690322v2

=== page 311 ===
Case 25-11853-KBO    Doc 396-2    Filed 03/31/26    Page 311 of 551

The Companion Loan Holder to Column Financial, Inc. by Assignment of 
Mortgage dated as of 2/9/2017 and recorded 2/21/2017 as CRFN 2017000070240. 
 
4. Said mortgages A through C, as consolidated, were amended and restated in the 
amount of $225,000,000.00 by Amended and Restated Fee and Leasehold 
Mortgage and Security Agreement made between Henry Hudson Holdings LLC, 
Hudson Leaseco LLC and 58th Street Bar Company LLC and Column Financial, 
Inc. dated as of 2/9/2017 and recorded 2/21/2017 as CRFN 2017000070241. 
 
5. Said mortgages A through C, as consolidated, were assigned by Column 
Financial, Inc. to U.S. Bank National Association, not in its individual capacity 
but solely in its capacity as Trustee in Trust for Holders of CSMC Trust 2017-HD 
Commercial Mortgage Pass-Through Certificates Series 2017-HD by Assignment 
of Mortgage dated 3/29/2017 and recorded 2/18/2020 as CRFN 2020000061987. 
 
NOTE: Corrective Assignment of Mortgage, Security Agreement, Assignment of 
Rents and Fixture Filing dated as of 5/15/2020 and recorded 5/22/2020 as CRFN 
20200000154471 corrects the Assignment 
recorded 
2/18/2020 
as 
CRFN 
2020000061987 to include the complete mortgage schedule and correct the 
acknowledgement.

6. Said mortgages A through C, as consolidated, were assigned by U.S. Bank 
National Association, not in its individual capacity but solely in its capacity as 
Trustee in Trust for Holders of CSMC Trust 2017-HD Commercial Mortgage 
Pass-Through Certificates Series 2017-HD to Holliday Park, LLC by 
Assignment of Mortgage dated as of 3/20/2020 and recorded 3/31/2020 as 
CRFN 2020000113455. 
 
NOTE: Corrective Assignment of Amended and Restated Mortgage and Security 
Agreement and Other Loan Documents dated as of 11/24/2020 and recorded 12/4/2020 as 
CRFN 2020000344627 corrects the Assignment recorded 3/31/2020 as CRFN 
2020000113455 to include the complete mortgage schedule. 
 
NOTE: The above mortgage is held by a private lender. Whenever documents are 
required from the lender such as a satisfaction, assignment, or subordination, such duly 
executed instrument must be furnished to the company prior to or at closing.

7. Said mortgages A through C, as consolidated, were assigned by Holliday Park, 
LLC to Security Benefit Life Insurance Company by Assignment of Amended 
and Restated Mortgage and Security Agreement and Other Loan Documents dated 
12/18/2020 and recorded 1/4/2021 as CRFN 2021000000918.

6 
61458/0006-42420005v2 
ACTIVE 62690322v2

=== page 312 ===
Case 25-11853-KBO    Doc 396-2    Filed 03/31/26    Page 312 of 551

SCHEDULE F

Intentionally Omitted

=== page 313 ===
Case 25-11853-KBO    Doc 396-2    Filed 03/31/26    Page 313 of 551

SCHEDULE G

Cycle 8 Local Law 11 Contracts

Attached

=== page 314 ===
2/17/2021
May be terminated at any time with 5 days notice

replacement)
2/17/2021
May be terminated at any time with 30 days notice

amended FISP and Cycle 8B Report & Filing, FISP

Inspections/Report and Filing and Cycle 9B

Case 25-11853-KBO    Doc 396-2    Filed 03/31/26    Page 314 of 551

Schedule G

LL 11 Contract Schedule as of January 27, 2022

Vendor
Scope of Work
Date of Contract
Termination Option

APCO
Furnish all labor materials, services and equipment to perform work
2/12/2021
May be terminated at any time with 30 days notice

APCO 
Additional Work (northwest bulkhead and PP Canopy window/glass

Gardiner and Theobald
Professional monitoring & close out services for the project
2/17/2021
May be terminated at any time with 3 days notice

ALSA
Provide services during construction, liaison with NYC agencies,

APCO Change Order #1
Provide necessary site safety materials
3/29/2021
May be terminated at any time with 30 days notice

APCO Change Order #2
Provide necessary site safety materials
3/29/2021
May be terminated at any time with 30 days notice

APCO Change Order #3
Additional Work (masonry on west elevation)
5/12/2021
May be terminated at any time with 30 days notice

APCO Change Order #4
Additional Work (stucco, cap stone, and skylight repair)
12/17/2021
May be terminated at any time with 30 days notice

=== page 315 ===
Case 25-11853-KBO    Doc 396-2    Filed 03/31/26    Page 315 of 551

SCHEDULE H

Grievances under Labor and Employment Laws

None

=== page 316 ===
Case 25-11853-KBO    Doc 396-2    Filed 03/31/26    Page 316 of 551

SCHEDULE I

Service Contracts

Attached

=== page 317 ===
Case 25-11853-KBO    Doc 396-2    Filed 03/31/26    Page 317 of 551

Schedule I
Contracts In-Place as of February 1, 2022

Vendor
Service
Start Date Status

Sep-21 Contract in place

California Crown Energy Services
Operation, maintenance, and minor repairs of boiler, 
refrigerant, air compression, water filter, fuel oil, automation 
for HVAC, sanitary sewer, and air distribution systems

Atlas Welding and Boiler Repair
Boiler cleaning and burner overhaul
Dec-20 Currently Month to Month (MTM)

Direct Energy
Utilities 
May-21 Contract in place

Sep-21 Contract in place

LL84 Energy Benchmarking (Newmark 
Contract)

Utility management and energy star reporting software 
solution, Spectrum

May-21 Contract in place

Quality Fire Protection
Prepare the amendment to the fire safety & evacuation plan to 
be submitted to NYCFD for review and acceptance. Prepare 
amended building Info Card so it is consistent with 
requirements of NYCFD in addition to training courses

Ditchik & Ditchik
Tax Appeal Attorneys
Dec-20 Contract in place

Nouveau Elevator 
Oil, grease, and survey traction elevators
Dec-20 Contract in place

Jan-21 Contract in place

Lerch Bates
Provide vertical transportation consulting services to include 
calls, reviews, meetings, and site visits

Mar-21 Contract in place

New York Hotel and Motel Trades Council, 
AFL-CIO (Union)

Manager (Newmark) agrees to assume management and 
employ the Hotel employees represented by the Union

Nov-21 Contract in place

Rosenwach Tank
Clean and inspect steel tank compartment, water test, and 
water tank inspections

RCN Telecom Services
Communication and telecom services
Oct-21 Contract in place

Spectrum Enterprise
Internet, HBO, and HD Video Tier
Jun-19 Contract in place

NuChem
Water treatment
Nov-21 Contract in place

Johnson Controls / TYCO
Fire Central Station Monitoring 
Jul-21 Contract in place

New York Security Systems, Inc.
Security Cameras  Service and Maintenance
Mar-20 Currently Month to Month (MTM)

Metropolitan Recycling
Waste Removal
Jan-22 Contract pending signature

Constellation
Electricity
Oct-19 Contract in place

JPMcHale
Pest Management
Jan-22 Contract pending signature

Windstream
Voice Circuit
Currently Month to Month (MTM)

Fire Service Inc.
Inspect and Maintain Fire Alarm, smoke detectors
Jul-15 Currently Month to Month (MTM)

Allbridge
T-1 circuit for phone system
Currently Month to Month (MTM)

LDI
Copy machine
Contract in place

Universal Protection Service
Security  
Contract Pending

=== page 318 ===
Case 25-11853-KBO    Doc 396-2    Filed 03/31/26    Page 318 of 551

SCHEDULE J

Allowed Applications

Filings with DOB:

1. Interior alterations to common areas 
2. Interior alteration for accessibility upgrades to vacant units 
3. Exterior work at common areas such as terraces 
4. Alterations to MEP systems at common areas and within vacant units 
5. Alterations to sprinkler and standpipe systems at common areas and within vacant 
units

Filings with FDNY:

1. Upgrades to existing fire alarm system 
2. New ARCS system for residential use

=== page 319 ===
Case 25-11853-KBO    Doc 396-2    Filed 03/31/26    Page 319 of 551

SCHEDULE K

List of Violations

Attached

=== page 320 ===
Case 25-11853-KBO    Doc 396-2    Filed 03/31/26    Page 320 of 551

Schedule K
Hudson Open Violations as of January 29, 2022

Department 
Address
Violation Number
Date
Type

DOB
358 West 58th Street
021915FISPHAZ75487
2/19/2015 Façade Local Law

DOB
358 West 58th Street
020617E9028/593396
2/6/2017 Elevator PVT

DOB
358 West 58th Street
021918E9028/619075
2/19/2018 Elevator PVT

DOB
358 West 58th Street
021918E9028/619076
2/19/2018 Elevator PVT

DOB
358 West 58th Street
021918E9028/619078
2/19/2018 Elevator PVT

DOB
358 West 58th Street
022118FISPHAZ87279
2/21/2018 Façade Local Law

DOB
358 West 58th Street
021619BENCH00135
2/16/2019 Benchmarking

DOB
358 West 58th Street
031819EARCX10082
3/18/2019 Local Law 87 Energy

DOB
358 West 58th Street
050219BENCH00504
5/2/2019 Benchmarking

DOB
358 West 58th Street
080219BENCH00250
8/2/2019 Benchmarking

DOB
358 West 58th Street
090619ACC101865
9/6/2019 Elevator Affirmation

DOB
358 West 58th Street
090619ACC101866
9/6/2019 Elevator Affirmation

DOB
358 West 58th Street
090619ACC101867
9/6/2019 Elevator Affirmation

DOB
358 West 58th Street
090619ACC101868
9/6/2019 Elevator Affirmation

DOB
358 West 58th Street
090619acc101869
9/6/2019 Elevator Affirmation

DOB
358 West 58th Street
090619acc101870
9/6/2019 Elevator Affirmation

DOB
358 West 58th Street
090619acc101871
9/6/2019 Elevator Affirmation

DOB
358 West 58th Street
090619acc101872
9/6/2019 Elevator Affirmation

DOB
358 West 58th Street
110219BENCH00172
11/2/2019 Benchmarking

DOB
358 West 58th Street
121919E9027/668819
12/19/2019 Elevator PVT

DOB
358 West 58th Street
020220BENCH00127
2/2/2020 Benchmarking

DOB
358 West 58th Street
060520E9027/683208
6/5/2020 Elevator PVT

DOB
358 West 58th Street
060520E9027/683211
6/5/2020 Elevator PVT

DOB
358 West 58th Street
062920EARCX00125
6/29/2020 Local Law 87 Energy

DOB
358 West 58th Street
101420AEUHAZ100047
10/14/2020 AEU Failed to Certify

DOB
358 West 58th Street
111120AEUHAZ100042
11/11/2020 AEU Failed to Certify

DOB
358 West 58th Street
032421E9028/697754
3/24/2021 Elevator PVT

DOB
358 West 58th Street
032421E9028/697755
3/24/2021 Elevator PVT

DOB
358 West 58th Street
032421E9028/697757
3/24/2021 Elevator PVT

DOB
358 West 58th Street
032421E9028/697762
3/24/2021 Elevator PVT

DOB
358 West 58th Street
032421E9028/697763
3/24/2021 Elevator PVT

DOB
358 West 58th Street
033121AEUHAZ100050
3/31/2021 AEU Failed to Certify

DOB
358 West 58th Street
042921EGRADE2000727
4/29/2021 Energy Grade

DOB
358 West 58th Street
060221BENCH0277
6/2/2021 Benchmarking

DOB
358 West 58th Street
062021EARCX00169
6/20/2021 Local Law 87 Energy

DOB
358 West 58th Street
080221BENCH00174
8/2/2021 Benchmarking

DOB
358 West 58th Street
280221BENCH00126
11/2/2021 Benchmarking

DOB
358 West 58th Street
110221EGRADE2100531
12/1/2021 Energy Grade

DOB
358 West 58th Street
032421E9028/697761
3/24/2021 Elevator PVT

Oath/ECB
353 West 52nd Street
35635233H
12/2/2021 Facade

Oath/ECB
353 West 57nd Street
39027352R
8/21/2020 Plumbing

Oath/ECB
353 West 57nd Street
39027351P
8/21/2020 Plumbing

Oath/ECB
353 West 57nd Street
35491673L
7/23/2020 Construction Safety

Oath/ECB
353 West 57nd Street
39025513J
7/16/2020 Elevator

Oath/ECB
353 West 57nd Street
39025512H
7/16/2020 Elevator

Oath/ECB
1150 Longwood Avenue
35469596X
7/10/2020 Construction Safety
HPD
353 West 57th Street
14583964
7493041
9/27/2021

HPD
353 West 57th Street
14583965
7493041
9/27/2021

HPD
353 West 57th Street
14583966
7493041
9/27/2021

HPD
353 West 57th Street
14583967
7493041
9/27/2021

HPD
353 West 57th Street
14583968
7493041
9/27/2021

HPD
353 West 57th Street
14583969
7493041
9/27/2021

HPD
353 West 57th Street
13945387
7083011
2/6/2021

HPD
353 West 57th Street
13945388
7083011
2/6/2021

HPD
353 West 57th Street
13945389
7083012
2/6/2021

HPD
353 West 57th Street
12974778
6430757
3/22/2019

=== page 321 ===
Case 25-11853-KBO    Doc 396-2    Filed 03/31/26    Page 321 of 551

HPD
353 West 57th Street
12974781
6430757
3/22/2019

HPD
353 West 57th Street
12974782
6430757
3/22/2019

HPD
353 West 57th Street
12974783
6430757
3/22/2019

HPD
353 West 57th Street
12974784
6430757
3/22/2019

HPD
353 West 57th Street
12974786
6430757
3/22/2019

HPD
353 West 57th Street
12974791
6430756
3/22/2019

HPD
353 West 57th Street
12974793
6430757
3/22/2019

HPD
353 West 57th Street
12402840
6101206
5/25/2018

HPD
353 West 57th Street
12402900
6101205
5/25/2018

HPD
353 West 57th Street
12402939
6101205
5/25/2018

HPD
353 West 57th Street
12402960
6101205
5/25/2018

HPD
353 West 57th Street
12402970
6101205
5/25/2018

HPD
353 West 57th Street
12402980
6101205
5/25/2018

HPD
353 West 57th Street
12403033
6101205
5/25/2018

HPD
353 West 57th Street
12403073
6101205
5/25/2018

HPD
353 West 57th Street
12360465
6078081
4/27/2018

HPD
353 West 57th Street
12360466
6078081
4/27/2018

HPD
353 West 57th Street
12360467
6078081
4/27/2018

HPD
353 West 57th Street
12360468
6078081
4/27/2018

HPD
353 West 57th Street
12360469
6078081
4/27/2018

HPD
353 West 57th Street
12360470
6078081
4/27/2018

HPD
353 West 57th Street
12360471
6078081
4/27/2018

HPD
353 West 57th Street
12360472
6078081
4/27/2018

HPD
353 West 57th Street
12360476
6078082
4/27/2018

HPD
353 West 57th Street
12360479
6078081
4/27/2018

HPD
353 West 57th Street
12356614
6076238
4/19/2018

HPD
353 West 57th Street
12356616
6076238
4/19/2018

HPD
353 West 57th Street
12356617
6076238
4/19/2018

HPD
353 West 57th Street
12356618
6076238
4/19/2018

HPD
353 West 57th Street
12356619
6076239
4/19/2018

HPD
353 West 57th Street
12356620
6076239
4/19/2018

HPD
353 West 57th Street
12356621
6076238
4/19/2018

HPD
353 West 57th Street
12356622
6076238
4/19/2018

HPD
353 West 57th Street
12356623
6076238
4/19/2018

=== page 322 ===
Case 25-11853-KBO    Doc 396-2    Filed 03/31/26    Page 322 of 551

HPD
353 West 57th Street
12356624
6076239
4/19/2018

HPD
353 West 57th Street
12356625
6076238
4/19/2018

HPD
353 West 57th Street
12356626
6076238
4/19/2018

HPD
353 West 57th Street
12356627
6076239
4/19/2018

HPD
353 West 57th Street
12356629
6076238
4/19/2018

HPD
353 West 57th Street
12356632
6076238
4/19/2018

HPD
353 West 57th Street
12356633
6076238
4/19/2018

HPD
353 West 57th Street
11827788
5775996
6/13/2017

HPD
353 West 57th Street
11827792
5775995
6/13/2017

HPD
353 West 57th Street
10618390
5067019
3/4/2015

HPD
353 West 57th Street
10201525
4816874
4/8/2014

HPD
353 West 57th Street
10201554
4816874
4/8/2014

HPD
353 West 57th Street
10201563
4816874
4/8/2014

HPD
353 West 57th Street
10026351
4719539
11/1/2013

HPD
353 West 57th Street
10026365
4719540
11/1/2013

HPD
353 West 57th Street
10026371
4719540
11/1/2013

HPD
353 West 57th Street
10026438
4719540
11/1/2013

HPD
353 West 57th Street
9673031
4535288
12/10/2012

HPD
353 West 57th Street
9673032
4535288
12/10/2012

HPD
353 West 57th Street
9673033
4535288
12/10/2012

HPD
353 West 57th Street
9588710
4492749
9/18/2012

HPD
353 West 57th Street
9588712
4492749
9/18/2012

HPD
353 West 57th Street
7726100
3574084
2/13/2009

HPD
353 West 57th Street
7726101
3574084
2/13/2009

HPD
353 West 57th Street
7726102
3574084
2/13/2009

HPD
353 West 57th Street
7726103
3574084
2/13/2009

HPD
353 West 57th Street
7500040
3475094
9/28/2008

HPD
353 West 57th Street
7500041
3475094
9/28/2008

HPD
353 West 57th Street
7500042
3475094
9/28/2008

HPD
353 West 57th Street
7500043
3475094
9/28/2008

HPD
353 West 57th Street
7500044
3475094
9/28/2008

HPD
353 West 57th Street
6905564
3080579
8/29/2007

HPD
353 West 57th Street
6905565
3080579
8/29/2007

HPD
353 West 57th Street
6839019
3028321
7/17/2007

HPD
353 West 57th Street
6839025
3028323
7/17/2007

HPD
353 West 57th Street
6839026
3028322
7/17/2007

HPD
353 West 57th Street
6753969
2975912
5/18/2007

HPD
353 West 57th Street
6753979
2975912
5/18/2007

HPD
353 West 57th Street
6753984
2975912
5/18/2007

HPD
353 West 57th Street
6753988
2975913
5/18/2007

=== page 323 ===
Case 25-11853-KBO    Doc 396-2    Filed 03/31/26    Page 323 of 551

HPD
353 West 57th Street
6202732
2689172
6/7/2006

HPD
353 West 57th Street
6202734
2689173
6/7/2006

HPD
353 West 57th Street
5071186
2205265
8/12/2004

HPD
353 West 57th Street
5027531
2179698
7/12/2004

HPD
353 West 57th Street
2956279
607649
7/31/1998

HPD
353 West 57th Street
256276
607647
9/8/1995

Oath/ECB
353 West 57nd Street
011714775N
12/20/2019 FDNY
Oath/ECB
353 West 57nd Street
011801427X
8/12/2021 FDNY
Oath/ECB
353 West 57nd Street
0204793106
1/3/2019 Dep Ind Wsdt Ctrl
Oath/ECB
353 West 57nd Street
0881202035
2/20/2020 DOHMH Cooling Twrs
Oath/ECB
353 West 57nd Street
0881202044
2/20/2020 DOHMH Cooling Twrs
Oath/ECB
353 West 57nd Street
0881202053
2/20/2020 DOHMH Cooling Twrs
Oath/ECB
353 West 57nd Street
0600214423
4/11/2020 Dep-BWSO
Oath/ECB
353 West 57nd Street
0600214432
4/11/2020 Dep-BWSO
Oath/ECB
353 West 57nd Street
0600214441
4/11/2020 Dep-BWSO
Oath/ECB
353 West 57nd Street
0600214450
4/11/2020 Dep-BWSO
Oath/ECB
353 West 57nd Street
0600214460
4/11/2020 Dep-BWSO
Oath/ECB
353 West 57nd Street
0600214479
4/11/2020 Dep-BWSO
Oath/ECB
353 West 57nd Street
011726107J
3/10/2020 FDNY
Oath/ECB
353 West 57nd Street
0881251838
5/14/2021 DOHMH Cooling Twrs
Oath/ECB
353 West 57nd Street
0881251782
5/14/2021 DOHMH Cooling Twrs
Oath/ECB
353 West 57nd Street
0881251791
5/14/2021 DOHMH Cooling Twrs
Oath/ECB
353 West 57nd Street
0881251800
5/14/2021 DOHMH Cooling Twrs
Oath/ECB
353 West 57nd Street
0881251810
5/14/2021 DOHMH Cooling Twrs
Oath/ECB
353 West 57nd Street
0881251829
5/14/2021 DOHMH Cooling Twrs
Oath/ECB
353 West 57nd Street
0881168256
3/27/2029 DOHMH Cooling Twrs
Oath/ECB
353 West 57nd Street
0881168265
3/27/2029 DOHMH Cooling Twrs
Oath/ECB
353 West 57nd Street
0881168283
3/27/2029 DOHMH Cooling Twrs
Oath/ECB
353 West 57nd Street
0881168292
3/27/2029 DOHMH Cooling Twrs
Oath/ECB
353 West 57nd Street
011677523K
2/14/2019 FDNY
Oath/ECB
353 West 57nd Street
011746067M
7/24/2020 FDNY
Oath/ECB
353 West 57nd Street
011788741K
8/10/2021 FDNY
Oath/ECB
358 West 58th Street
0871163298
4/26/2019 DOHMH-Water Tank
Oath/ECB
358 West 58th Street
011620599J
6/27/2019 FDNY
Oath/ECB
358 West 58th Street
011729920X
12/2/2019 FDNY

=== page 324 ===
Case 25-11853-KBO    Doc 396-2    Filed 03/31/26    Page 324 of 551

SCHEDULE L

[Excluded Personal Property]

Attached

=== page 325 ===
Case 25-11853-KBO    Doc 396-2    Filed 03/31/26    Page 325 of 551

Schedule L

Hudson Excluded Property as of January 29, 2022

ACTIVE 62700745v1

=== page 326 ===
Case 25-11853-KBO    Doc 396-2    Filed 03/31/26    Page 326 of 551

EXHIBIT B

DESIGNATED SERVICE CONTRACTS

(attached hereto)

ACTIVE 64069355v10

=== page 327 ===
Case 25-11853-KBO    Doc 396-2    Filed 03/31/26    Page 327 of 551

EXHIBIT C-1

FORM OF CONFIRMING ESTOPPEL FOR 10TH FLOOR LEASE

(attached hereto)

ACTIVE 64069355v10

=== page 328 ===
Case 25-11853-KBO    Doc 396-2    Filed 03/31/26    Page 328 of 551

LEASE ESTOPPEL CERTIFICATE

Landlord: 
Hudson 10th Floor LLC, a Delaware limited liability company, with an address at 
c/o SchatzCo V, LLC, 1325 Avenue of the Americas, 28th Floor, New York, New 
York 10019

Tenant: 
EC 58th Street LLC, a Delaware limited liability company, having an address at 
c/o Cain International US Services LP, 350 Park Avenue, 14th Floor, New York, 
New York 10022

Assignee: 
356W58 Ground Lessor LLC, a Delaware limited liability company, having an 
address of c/o MSP Capital Investments, L.L.C., Woodlawn Hall at Old Parkland, 
3953 Maple Ave., Suite 350, Dallas, Texas 75219

Premises:  
353 West 57th Street Condominium, 353-361 West 57th Street a/k/a 356 West 58th 
Street, New York, New York, Borough of Manhattan, City, County and State of 
New York, Unit No. 6

The undersigned Landlord, Hudson 10th Floor LLC, a Delaware limited liability 
company, with an address at c/o SchatzCo V, LLC, 1325 Avenue of the Americas, 28th Floor, 
New York, New York 10019 (the “Landlord”), successor to Adrienne Schatz and Cheryl Hirsh, 
as Executrices of the last will and testament of Irving Schatz, as fee owner of the condominium 
unit known as Unit No. 6 (the “Tenth Floor Unit”) in the condominium  known as 353 West 57th 
Street Condominium, in the building known as and having the street address of 353-361 West 
57th Street a/k/a 356 West 58th Street, New York, New York, Borough of Manhattan, City, 
County and State of New York (the “Premises”) and described on Exhibit A attached hereto, is 
Lessor under that certain Amended and Restated Lease dated as of February 11, 1999 made by 
Irving Schatz, as original Lessor and Ian Schrager Hotels LLC, as original Lessee, as referenced 
in a memorandum of lease dated as of February 12, 1999 and recorded March 23, 1999 in Reel 
2841 Page 1872 (the “Tenth Floor Unit Lease”), as assigned by Assignment and Assumption of 
Lease made by and between Ian Schrager Hotels LLC, as assignor, to Henry Hudson Holdings 
LLC, as assignee, dated as of February 12, 1999 and recorded March 23, 1999 in Reel 2841 Page 
1882, and as amended by an unrecorded Amendment to Lease made by and between Irving 
Schatz and Henry Hudson Holdings LLC dated as of August 17, 2004, and as further assigned by 
Assignment and Assumption of Ground Lease in Lieu of Foreclosure made by and between 
Henry Hudson Holdings LLC, as assignor, and EC 58th Street LLC as assignee, dated as of 
November 24, 2020 and recorded December 4, 2020 in CRFN 2020000344630, hereby certifies 
as follows:

1.
The Tenth Floor Unit Lease is now in full force and effect, and has not been
further amended, modified or supplemented.  There do not exist any other agreements (including 
subordination, non-disturbance and attornment agreements) concerning the Tenth Floor Unit, 
whether oral or written to which Landlord and Tenant (or the predecessors or successors of 
either) are parties.

ACTIVE 62692815v2

61458/0006-42435625v2

=== page 329 ===
Case 25-11853-KBO    Doc 396-2    Filed 03/31/26    Page 329 of 551

2. 
The lease term under the Tenth Floor Unit Lease commenced on December 1,  
1997 and expires on November 30, 2096, unless sooner terminated or extended in accordance 
with the terms of the Tenth Floor Unit Lease.  There are no options to renew 
 
 
3. 
The amount of Monthly Base Rent under the Tenth Floor Unit Lease is currently 
$57,536.14 per month. 
 
 
4. 
The Monthly Base Rent and all other charges (if any) have been paid through 
May 2022. 
 
 
5. 
To the best knowledge of Landlord, there are no existing defaults (or events 
which, with the passage of time or the giving of notice, or both, would constitute a default) on 
the part of either Landlord or Tenant in the performance of any covenant, agreement, term, 
provision or condition contained in the Tenth Floor Unit Lease.

6. 
Landlord is not holding a security deposit under the Tenth Floor Unit Lease but 
that lease requires that a security deposit in the amount of $250,000.00 be posted with Landlord 
upon an assignment of the lease.

7. 
There are currently no mortgages, deeds of trust or other security instruments 
encumbering the fee interest in the Tenth Floor Unit.

8. 
As of the date hereof, no options, rights of first refusal, rights to terminate, renew 
or extend the Tenth Floor Unit Lease other than as described in the Tenth Floor Unit Lease exist.

9. 
Landlord agrees that this Estoppel Certificate may be relied upon by Tenant, any 
mortgagee of Tenant, Assignee, any mortgagee of Assignee, any sublessee of Assignee, any 
mortgagee of any sublessee of Assignee, and all of their respective successors and assigns.

10. 
Landlord's address for notices under the Tenth Floor Unit Lease is:

Hudson 10th Floor LLC 
c/o SchatzCo V, LLC 
1325 Avenue of the Americas, 28th Floor 
New York, New York 10019 
 
With a copy to:

Armstrong Teasdale LLP 
7 Times Square, 44th Floor 
New York, NY  10036 
Attention: Howard Schechter, Esq.

Capitalized terms used herein and not otherwise defined shall have the meanings given to them 
in the Tenth Floor Unit Lease.

2 
61458/0006-42435625v2 
ACTIVE 62692815v2

=== page 330 ===
Case 25-11853-KBO    Doc 396-2    Filed 03/31/26    Page 330 of 551

LANDLORD: 
 
 
 
 
 
 
HUDSON 10TH FLOOR LLC 
 
 
 
 
 
a Delaware limited liability company 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
By: 
_______________________________________ 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Name:__________________________________  
 
 
 
 
 
 
Title: __________________________________

3 
61458/0006-42435625v2 
ACTIVE 62692815v2

=== page 331 ===
Case 25-11853-KBO    Doc 396-2    Filed 03/31/26    Page 331 of 551

EXHIBIT A

Legal Description of the Premises and Tenth Floor Unit

The Condominium Unit (the "Unit") known as the Tenth Floor Unit, also known as Unit 6 in the 
premises known as 353 West 57th Street Condominium and by the street number 353-361 West 57th 
Street a/k/a 356 West 58th Street, Borough of Manhattan, City, County and State of New York, said 
Unit being designated and described as the Tenth Floor and also known as Unit 6 in the Declaration 
establishing a plan for condominium ownership of said premises under Article 9-B of the Real 
Property Law of the State of New York (the "New York Condominium Act") dated April 11, 1985 
and recorded April 24, 1985 in the Office of the Register of The City of New York, County of New 
York, in Reel 902, Page 1, as amended by the Amendment of Declaration, dated January 29, 1993 
and recorded May  11, 1993 in the Office of the Register of the City of New York, in the County of 
New York, in Reel 1969 and Page 2286, as further amended by the Amended and Restated 
Declaration, dated February 12, 1999 and recorded July 16, 1999 in the Office of the Register of the 
City of New York, in the County of New York, in Reel 2913 and Page 1753, and Amendment to 
Amended and Restated  Declaration, dated September 30, 1999 and recorded October 27, 1999 in 
the Office of the Register of the City of New York, in the County of New York in Reel 2979 and 
Page 2159 (which Declaration, as amended, is hereinafter referred to as the "Declaration"). Said Unit 
is also designated and described as Tax Lot No. 1706, Block 1048, Section 4, Borough of Manhattan 
on the Tax Map of the Real Property Assessment Department of the City of New York and on the 
Floor Plans of said Building certified by Butler Rogers Baskett Architects, on March 27, 1985 and 
filed on April 22, 1985 as Condominium Plan No. 208, and on April 24, 1985 as Map No. 4326, as 
amended on December 14, 1992 and filed on May 5, 1993 as Plan No. 208A (Amendment to Plan 
No. 208), and on May 11, 1993 as Map No. 5192 in the aforesaid Register's Office.

The land upon which the Building containing the Unit is erected is described as follows:

ALL that certain plot, piece or parcel of land, with the buildings and improvements 
thereon erected, situate, lying and being in the Borough of Manhattan, City, County and 
State of New York, bounded and described as follows:

BEGINNING at a point on the northerly side of 57th Street distant 20 feet easterly from the 
corner formed by the intersection of the easterly side of 9th Avenue with the northerly side of 
57th Street;

RUNNING THENCE easterly along the said northerly side of 57th Street, 155 feet;

THENCE northerly parallel with 9th Avenue 200 feet  10 inches to the southerly side of 58th 
Street;

THENCE westerly along the said southerly side of 58th Street 135 feet to a point distant 40 feet 
easterly from the corner formed by the intersection of the southerly side of 58th Street with the 
easterly side of 9th Avenue;

THENCE southerly parallel with 9th Avenue and part of the distance through a party wall 100 feet 10 
inches;

THENCE westerly parallel more or less with 58th Street 20 feet; and

4 
61458/0006-42435625v2 
ACTIVE 62692815v2

=== page 332 ===
Case 25-11853-KBO    Doc 396-2    Filed 03/31/26    Page 332 of 551

THENCE southerly and part of the way through another party wall 100 feet to the northerly side of 
57th Street, the  point or place of BEGINNING. 
 
Together with an undivided 3.89067% interest in the Common Elements (as such term is defined 
in the Declaration).

5 
61458/0006-42435625v2 
ACTIVE 62692815v2

=== page 333 ===
Case 25-11853-KBO    Doc 396-2    Filed 03/31/26    Page 333 of 551

EXHIBIT C-2

FORM OF CONFIRMING ESTOPPEL FOR CONDOMINIUM BOARD OF MANAGERS

(attached hereto)

Error! Unknown document property name. 
ACTIVE 64069355v10

=== page 334 ===
Case 25-11853-KBO    Doc 396-2    Filed 03/31/26    Page 334 of 551

CONDOMINIUM ESTOPPEL CERTIFICATE

TO:

CSC Hudson LLC (“Purchaser”) 
c/o CSC Co-Living  
6 St. Johns Lane  
New York, New York 10013

Re: 
The (i) declaration of condominium dated April 11, 1985 made by Irving Schatz (the 
“Original Declaration”) pursuant to Article 9-B of the Real Property Law of the State of 
New York, as amended establishing a plan for condominium ownership of which Original 
Declaration was recorded in the New York County Office of the Register of the City of 
New York on April 24, 1985 in Reel 902 Page 1, which Original Declaration was amended 
by the First Amendment to Declaration made by Irving Schatz dated January 29, 1993 and 
recorded May 11, 1993 in Reel 1969 Page 2286 and which Original Declaration was further 
amended by the Amended and Restated Declaration, dated as of February 12, 1999, made 
by Henry Hudson Holdings LLC, Irving Schatz, Adrienne Wechsler and Cheryl Hirsch 
(the “A&R Declaration”), which A&R Declaration was recorded July 16, 1999 in Reel 
2913 Page 1753 (and which A&R Declaration, by its terms, restated the Original 
Declaration in its entirety), and which A&R Declaration was amended by the Amendment 
to Amended and Restated Declaration, dated September 30, 1999, and recorded on October 
27, 1999 in Reel 2979 Page 2159 (collectively, the “Declaration"); (ii) by-laws,  including 
the rules and regulations and all other exhibits and schedules attached thereto (the “By-
Laws”) of 353 West 57th Street Condominium (the “Condominium”); and (iii) Purchase 
and Sale Agreement (the "PSA"), dated February 3, 2022, by and between the EC 58th 
Street LLC, a Delaware limited liability company, having an address at c/o Cain 
International US Services LP, 350 Park Avenue, 14th Floor, New York, New York 10022 
(the “Seller”), and CSC Hudson, LLC, a Delaware limited liability company, having an 
address at c/o CSC Co-Living, 6 St. Johns Lane, New York, New York 10013 
(“Purchaser”) for the conveyance of Unit 1 and Unit 2 of the Condominium (the “Owned 
Units”) and Unit 4 and Unit 6 of the Condominium (the “Leased Units”) (collectively, the 
“Units”).  Capitalized terms used herein and not defined shall have the meaning ascribed 
to such terms in the Condominium Documents and the PSA.

The undersigned is a duly authorized representative of the Board of Managers of the 
Condominium (the “Board”).  The Board, hereby certifies to Purchaser as follows:

1.
All Common Charges with respect to the Units which are due have been paid in full and,
there are no outstanding liens, claims, dues or charges (including, without limitation,
Common Charge Liens) due to the Condominium with respect to the Units. There are no
pending emergency or special assessments, capital improvements, remedial assessments,
unpaid liens or other financial obligations imposed by the Board with respect to the Units,
and the Seller is current in regard to all its financial obligations to the Board and the
Condominium.

=== page 335 ===
Case 25-11853-KBO    Doc 396-2    Filed 03/31/26    Page 335 of 551

2.   
The current total monthly Common Charges for the Units are as follows:

a. Unit 1: $0.00.

b. Unit 2: $0.00.

c. Unit 4: $0.00.

d. Unit 6: $0.00.

3. 
Neither the Board nor any party to any Condominium Document has a right of first refusal 
to lease or purchase the Units and Seller may freely without hindrance lease or sell the 
Units pursuant to the express terms of the Condominium Documents.

4. 
The Board has no claims, demands, or offset rights against Seller.

5. 
The Declaration and By-Laws are in full force and effect and have not been modified or 
supplemented or amended except as set forth above.

6. 
To the actual knowledge of the undersigned on behalf of the Board, neither the Units nor 
Seller is in violation or breach of, or in default under, any of the Condominium Documents, 
and the Board has no actual knowledge of any event or condition which, with the passage 
of time or the giving of notice or both, would constitute such a violation, breach or default 
by the Units or Seller. To the best of the knowledge of the undersigned on behalf of the 
Board, the Board has not received written notice of any claims, demands, causes of action 
or proceedings, pending or threatened, against the Units or Seller.

7. 
The undersigned representative of the Board agrees that this Estoppel Certificate may be 
relied upon by Purchaser, any assignee of Purchaser’s rights under the PSA (collectively, 
“Assignee”), any mortgagee of Purchaser, any mortgagee of Assignee, any lessee or 
sublessee of Purchaser, any lessee or sublessee of Assignee, any mortgagee of any lessee 
or sublessee of Purchaser, any mortgagee of any lessee or sublessee of Assignee, and all 
of their respective successors and assigns.

8. 
The undersigned representative of the Board is duly authorized and fully qualified to 
execute this Estoppel Certificate on behalf of the Board thereby binding the Board and the 
Condominium.

[Signatures follow]

=== page 336 ===
Case 25-11853-KBO    Doc 396-2    Filed 03/31/26    Page 336 of 551

EXHIBIT C-3

FORM OF CONFIRMING ESTOPPEL FOR STORE UNIT LEASE

(attached hereto)

Error! Unknown document property name. 
ACTIVE 64069355v10

=== page 337 ===
Case 25-11853-KBO    Doc 396-2    Filed 03/31/26    Page 337 of 551

LEASE ESTOPPEL CERTIFICATE

Landlord: 
A & C West 57 LLC, a New York limited liability company, with an address at 
c/o Schatzco V, LLC, 1325 Avenue of the Americas, 28th Floor, New York, NY 
10019

Tenant: 
EC 58th Street LLC, a Delaware limited liability company, having an address at 
c/o Cain International US Services LP, 350 Park Avenue, 14th Floor, New York, 
New York 10022

Assignee: 
353W57 1704, LLC, a Delaware limited liability company, having an address of 
___________________________________________________.

Premises:  
353 West 57th Street Condominium, 353-361 West 57th Street a/k/a 356 West 58th 
Street, New York, New York, Borough of Manhattan, City, County and State of 
New York, Unit No. 4

The undersigned Landlord, A & C West 57 LLC, a New York limited liability company, 
with an address at c/o Schatzco V, LLC, 250 West 57th Street, Suite 901, New York, NY 10107 
(the “Landlord”), successor to Adrienne Schatz and Cheryl Hirsh as fee owner of the 
condominium unit known as Unit No. 4 (the “Store Unit”) in the condominium  known as 353 
West 57th Street Condominium in the building known as and having the street address of 353-
361 West 57th Street a/k/a 356 West 58th Street, New York, New York, Borough of Manhattan, 
City, County and State of New York (the “Premises”) and described on Exhibit A attached 
hereto, is Lessor under that certain Lease dated as of January 1, 1999 made by Adrienne Schatz 
and Cheryl Hirsh as original Landlord and Henry Hudson Holdings LLC, as original Tenant, as 
referenced in a memorandum of lease dated as of September 30, 1999 and recorded on October 
27, 1999 in Reel 2979 Page 2172 (“Store Unit Lease”), as amended by an unrecorded 
Amendment to Lease dated as of September 30, 1999, and as further amended by an unrecorded 
Amendment to Lease dated as of August 13, 2004, and as assigned by Assignment and 
Assumption of Ground Lease in Lieu of Foreclosure made by and between Henry Hudson 
Holdings LLC, as assignor, and EC 58th Street LLC, as assignee, dated as of November 24, 
2020, recorded on December 4, 2020 in CRFN 2020000344629, hereby certifies as follows:

1.
The Store Unit Lease is now in full force and effect, and has not been further
amended, modified or supplemented. There do not exist any other agreements (including 
subordination, non-disturbance and attornment agreements) concerning the Store Unit, whether 
oral or written to which Landlord and Tenant (or the predecessors or successors of either) are 
parties.

2.
The lease term under the Store Unit Lease commenced on January 1,
1999 and expires on December 31, 2098, unless sooner terminated or extended in accordance 
with the terms of the Store Unit Lease.  There are no options to renew.

3.
The amount of Monthly Base Rent under the Store Unit Lease is currently
$32,296.53 per month.

ACTIVE 62692814v2

61458/0006-42435628v2

=== page 338 ===
Case 25-11853-KBO    Doc 396-2    Filed 03/31/26    Page 338 of 551

4. 
The Monthly Base Rent and all other charges (if any) have been paid through 
May 2022. 
 
 
5. 
To the best knowledge of Landlord, there are no existing defaults (or events 
which, with the passage of time or the giving of notice, or both, would constitute a default) on 
the part of either Landlord or Tenant in the performance of any covenant, agreement, term, 
provision or condition contained in the Store Unit Lease.

6. 
 Landlord is holding a security deposit under the Store Unit Lease in the amount 
of $31,250.00.  The security deposit required under the Store Unit Lease is currently $48,444.80.  
None of the security deposit has been applied by Landlord to payment of rent or any other 
amounts due under the Store Unit Lease, except as follows: NONE.

7. 
There are currently no mortgages, deeds of trust or other security instruments 
encumbering the fee interest in the Store Unit.

8. 
As of the date hereof, no options, rights of first refusal, rights to terminate, renew 
or extend the Store Unit Lease other than as described in the Store Unit Lease exist.

9. 
Landlord agrees that this Estoppel Certificate may be relied upon by Tenant, any 
mortgagee of Tenant, Assignee, any mortgagee of Assignee, and all of their respective 
successors and assigns.

10.  
Landlord's address for notices under the Store Unit Lease is:

A & C West 57 LLC 
c/o SchatzCo V, LLC  
1325 Avenue of the Americas, 28th Floor 
New York, New York 10019 
 
With a copy to:

Armstrong Teasdale LLP 
7 Times Square, 44th Floor 
New York, NY  10036 
Attention: Howard Schechter, Esq. 
 
 
Capitalized terms used herein and not otherwise defined shall have the meanings given to them 
in the Store Unit Lease.

[The remainder of this page is left blank intentionally.]

2 
61458/0006-42435628v2 
ACTIVE 62692814v2

=== page 339 ===
Case 25-11853-KBO    Doc 396-2    Filed 03/31/26    Page 339 of 551

LANDLORD: 
 
 
 
 
 
 
A & C WEST 57 LLC 
 
 
 
 
 
a New York limited liability company 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
By: 
_______________________________________ 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Name:__________________________________  
 
 
 
 
 
 
Title: __________________________________

3 
61458/0006-42435628v2 
ACTIVE 62692814v2

=== page 340 ===
Case 25-11853-KBO    Doc 396-2    Filed 03/31/26    Page 340 of 551

EXHIBIT A

Legal Description of Premises and the Store Unit

The Condominium Unit (the "Unit") known as the Store Unit, also known as Unit No. 4 in the premises 
known as 353 West 57th Street Condominium and by the street number 353-361 West 57th Street a/k/a 356 
West 58th Street, Borough of Manhattan, City, County and State of New York, said Unit being designated and 
described as the Store Unit and also known as Unit No. 4 in the Declaration establishing a plan for 
condominium ownership of said premises under Article 9-B of the Real Property Law of the State of New 
York (the "New York Condominium Act") dated April 11, 1985 and recorded April 24, 1985 in the Office of 
the Register of The City of New York, County of New York, in Reel 902, Page 1, as amended by the 
Amendment of Declaration, dated January 29, 1993 and recorded May 11, 1993 in the Office of the Register of 
the City of New York, in the County of New York, in Reel 1969 and Page 2286, as further amended by the 
Amended and Restated Declaration, dated February 12, 1999 and recorded July 16. 1999 in the Office of the 
Register of the City of New York, in the County of New York, in Reel 2913 and Page 1753, and Amendment to 
Amended and Restated Declaration, dated September 30, 1999 and recorded October 27, 1999 in the Office of 
the Register of the City of New York, in the County of New York in Reel 2979 and Page 2159 (which 
Declaration, as amended, is hereinafter referred to as the "Declaration"). Said Unit is also designated and 
described as Tax Lot No. 1704 in Block 1048, Section 4, Borough of Manhattan on the Tax Map of the Real 
Property Assessment Department of the City of New York and on the Floor Plans of said Building certified by 
Butler Rogers Baskett Architects, on March 27, 1985 and filed on April 22, 1985 as Condominium Plan No. 
208, and on April 24, 1985 as Map No. 4326, as amended on December 14, 1992 and filed on May 5, 1993 as 
Plan No. 208A (Amendment to Plan No. 208), and on May 11, 1993 as Map No. 5192 in the aforesaid 
Register's Office.

The land upon which the Building Containing the Unit is erected is described as follows:

ALL that certain plot, piece or parcel of land, with the buildings and improvements thereon erected, 
situate, lying and being in the Borough of Manhattan, City, County and State of New York, bounded 
and described as follows:

BEGINNING at a point on the northerly side of 57th Street distant 20 feet easterly from the corner 
formed by the  intersection of the easterly side of 9th Avenue with the northerly side of 57th Street;

RUNNING THENCE easterly along the said northerly side of 57th Street, 155 feet;

THENCE northerly parallel with 9th Avenue 200 feet 10 inches to the southerly side of 58th Street;

THENCE westerly along the said southerly side of 58th Street 135 feet to a point distant 40 feet 
easterly from the  corner formed by the intersection of the southerly side of 58th Street with the 
easterly side of 9th Avenue;

THENCE southerly parallel with 9th Avenue and part of the distance through a party wall 100 feet 10 
inches;

THENCE westerly parallel more or less with 58th Street 20 feet; and

THENCE southerly and part of the way through another party wall 100 feet to the northerly side of 57th 
Street, the  point or place of BEGINNING.

TOGETHER with an undivided 0.34577 interest in the Common Elements (as such term is defined in the 
Declaration).

4 
61458/0006-42435628v2 
ACTIVE 62692814v2

=== page 341 ===
Case 25-11853-KBO    Doc 396-2    Filed 03/31/26    Page 341 of 551

EXHIBT D

EXECUTED ALTERNATIVE AGREEMENT

(attached hereto)

Error! Unknown document property name. 
ACTIVE 64069355v10

=== page 342 ===
Case 25-11853-KBO    Doc 396-2    Filed 03/31/26    Page 342 of 551

MEMORANDUM OF AGREEMENT

This Agreement (the "Agreement") is by, between and among EC 58th Street LLC d/b/a 
The Hudson Hotel, as Seller Party on their own behalf and on behalf of any of their related and 
affiliated entities, and any current or future owner, manager, or operator, and their respective 
successors and assigns (hereinafter referred to as the "Seller"), CSC Hudson LLC on their own 
behalf and on behalf of any related and affiliated entities, and any current or future owner, 
manager, or operator, and their respective successors and assigns (collectively hereinafter 
referred to as "Purchaser" or "Employer") and the New York Hotel and Motel Trades Council, 
AFL-CIO (the "Union" or "HTC").

WHEREAS, the Seller and the Union are bound to the Hotel Association of New York 
City, Inc. - New York Hotel and Motel Trades Council, AFL-CIO Industry Wide Collectively 
Bargaining Unit (the CBA referred to as the "IWA") with respect to the property located at 356 
West 58th Street, New York, NY 10019 (the "Property").

WHERAS, HTC represents employees employed by Seller and at the Property 
("Bargaining Unit") are currently comprised of employees listed in Attachment A ("Current 
Employees");

WHEREAS, the Seller and Purchaser have discussed a transaction pursuant to which the 
Seller will sell the Property upon which the former Hudson Hotel (the "Hotel") was operated, 
which Hotel is subject to the IW A; and

WHEREAS, the Purchaser intends to renovate the Property and operate it as a residential 
building.

NOW, THEREFORE, IT IS AGREED:

1. 
Effective immediately upon the Closing of the transaction, the Purchaser shall offer 
voluntary enhanced severance pay in the amount of thirty-five days (35) days per year of 
employment with the Hotel ("Enhanced Severance"), in addition to any Article 52 
severance, minus any bridge payments already made, less usual statutory deductions, to all 
of the Hotel's Current Employees, as listed in Attachment A. The amount of Enhanced 
Severance will be calculated in accordance with the provisions of IW A Article 52, using 
the years of service and wage rate as of today's date. Only Article 52 severance pay shall 
be subject to Fund contributions. The payment of Enhanced Severance to the Hotel's 
Employees as listed in Attachment A shall constitute full satisfaction of any obligation of 
the Seller and Purchaser under Articles 52 and 57 of the IW A with respect to any employees 
or former employees of the Hotel. All employees accepting Enhanced Severance shall, as 
a condition of receiving same, execute a general release.

2. 
The Purchaser shall pay withdrawal liability to the Pension Fund in an amount assessed by 
the Pension fund using the Segal Blend formula in one lump sum payment within 60 days 
of the receipt of the demand to pay withdrawal liability from the Pension Fund.

3. 
Purchaser intends to convert the Hotel into market based residential housing or any other 
use other than a hotel or private membership club ( collectively referred to as "converted 
use"). Unless and until the Purchaser converts the Property into market based residential 
housing, the IWA shall continue to apply (e.g., the Purchaser obtains all of the necessary

ACTIVE 62680379v2

=== page 343 ===
Case 25-11853-KBO    Doc 396-2    Filed 03/31/26    Page 343 of 551

permits and approvals and commence renovations). No engineers shall be laid off during 
the renovation of the Property.

4. 
If Purchaser, or its successor thereafter operates a hotel, private membership club, or food 
and beverage operation at the Property, or if the residential building offers leases of less 
than one (1) year, the former Employees shall be recalled and Purchaser, or its successor, 
shall be subject to the terms and conditions of the IW A and any agreements or practices 
supplementing the IW A, including the right to daily room clean. All current employees 
shall retain their rights to all fairly claimable bargaining unit work at the Property.

5. 
Upon Local 94-94A-94B International Union of Operating Engineers, AFL-CIO ("Local 
94") presenting signed authorization cards to the Purchaser demonstrating that Local 94 
has the support of the majority of engineering bargaining unit employees, the Purchaser 
shall recognize Local 94 as the exclusive bargaining representative of bargaining unit 
employees.

6. 
Upon Purchaser's recognition of Local 94 as described above in Paragraph 6, the 
Purchaser agrees to adopt the terms of the Residential Building Agreement between the 
Realty Advisory Board on Labor Relations Incorporated and Local 94-94A-94B

International Union of Operating Engineers, AFL-CIO (Local 94 CBA). The Purchaser 
shall sign a separate assent to the Local 94 CBA. No engineer shall be laid off, suffer a 
loss of hours, hourly or weekly wages, or suffer any other adverse effect as a result of 
the execution, assignment, or adoption of this Agreement. It is understood that the 
current engineering employees will receive enhanced severance pursuant to Paragraph

1 above.

7. 
Upon Local 32BJ SEIU ("32BJ") presenting signed authorization cards to the Purchaser 
demonstrating that 32BJ has the support of the majority of the non-engineering 
bargaining unit employees, the Purchaser shall recognize 32BJ as the exclusive 
bargaining representative of bargaining unit employees.

8. 
Upon the Purchaser's recognition of 32BJ as described above in Paragraph 4, the 
Purchaser agrees to adopt the terms of the Apartment Building Agreement between the 
Realty Advisory Board on Labor Relations Incorporated and Service Employees 
International Union, Local 32BJ ("32BJ Contract"). The Purchaser shall sign a separate 
assent to the 3281 Contract. Bargaining unit positions in the converted use of the 
Property shall first be offered to Current Employees by seniority.

9. 
The HTC will disclaim interest in the above-described Bargaining Unit, upon the 
Purchaser's recognition of Local 94 and 32BJ as described above in Paragraphs 6 and 8.

10. 
This Agreement shall be binding on Purchaser's successors and assigns in accordance with 
TWA Article 59, the entirety of which is incorporated herein by reference. Purchaser agrees 
to adopt and assume the IWA subject to this Agreement. Upon closing of the sale of the 
Property to Purchaser, Seller shall be deemed to have complied with Article 59 of the IWA 
by virtue of this Agreement.

1 t. 
With the exception of disputes arising under Paragraphs 6 and 8 above, any disputes

between the parties or regarding this Agreement shall be subject to binding arbitration

ACTIVE 62680379v2

=== page 344 ===
Case 25-11853-KBO    Doc 396-2    Filed 03/31/26    Page 344 of 551

pursuant to the grievance and arbitration provisions of the IW A, the entirety of such 
grievance and arbitration provisions being incorporated herein by reference. Disputes 
arising under Paragraphs 7 or 9 above shall be subject to binding arbitration pursuant to the 
respective grievance and arbitration provisions of the Local 94 or 32BJ Contract, the 
entirety of such grievance and arbitration provisions being incorporated herein by reference.

12. 
This Agreement shall be subject to ratification by the Union.

Dated: 
, 2022 
--------

SELLER:

HTC:

By: 
Title: 
President 
Authorized to Sign

Rich~ Maroko 
President 
Authorized to Sign

32BJ:

Title: 
Authorized to Sign

By: 
, 
Title: t/) c ,e.,..fe-tJ~ 
Authorized to Sign

Local 94

By: 
Title: 
Authorized to Sign

4896-1634-2028, V, 2

ACTIVE 62680379v2

ACTIVE 62771130v1

=== page 345 ===
Case 25-11853-KBO    Doc 396-2    Filed 03/31/26    Page 345 of 551

pursuant to the grievance and arbitration provisions of the IW A, the entirety of such 
grievance and arbitration provisions being incorporated herein by reference. Disputes 
arising under Paragraphs 7 or 9 above shall be subject to binding arbitration pursuant to the 
respective grievance and arbitration provisions of the Local 94 or 32BJ Contract, the 
entirety of such grievance and arbitration provisions being incorporated herein by reference.

12. 
This Agreement shall be subject to ratification by the Union.

Dated: 
, 2022 
--------

SELLER:

HTC:

By: 
Title: 
President 
Authorized to Sign

Richard Maroko 
President 
Authorized to Sign

32BJ:

BySal Smeke/ Al erto Smeke 
Title: 
Authorized to Sign

By: 
Title: 
Authorized to Sign

Local 94

4896-1634-2028,v.2

ACTIVE 62680379v2

ACTIVE 62771130v1

=== page 346 ===
Case 25-11853-KBO    Doc 396-2    Filed 03/31/26    Page 346 of 551

EXHIBIT E

ALLOCATION OF PURCHASE PRICE

EBC Unit 
$98,500,000

Modified Hotel Unit 
$101,750,000

10TH Floor Unit 
$6,600,000

Store Unit 
$650,000

Error! Unknown document property name. 
ACTIVE 64069355v10

=== page 347 ===
Case 25-11853-KBO    Doc 396-2    Filed 03/31/26    Page 347 of 551

Exhibit B

Form of Memorandum of Tang Studio Architect, LLC

(Attached hereto)

23

4866-0049-6406, v. 12
61458/0006-42946111v5

=== page 348 ===
Case 25-11853-KBO    Doc 396-2    Filed 03/31/26    Page 348 of 551

April 18, 2022

Parkview Financial REIT, LP and

T A N G 
 S T U D I O 
 Architect, LLC 
 ㅡ

Parkview Financial 2020, LP,

℅ Mr. Paul Rahimian

Parkview Financial REIT, LP

11601 Wilshire Blvd, Suite 2100

Los Angeles, CA 90025

Edwin Tang, AIA, CFM 
 1452 College Point Blvd 
 College Point, NY 11356 
 347.612.3249 
 ofﬁce@tangstudiollc.com

&

356W58 Ground Lessor LLC

c/o MSP Capital Investments LLC

3953 Maple Avenue, Suite 350

Dallas, Texas 75219

Re: Zoning Compliance and Tenant Protection Plan for 353 W 57 St, New York 
 NY 10019 (Hudson Hotel)

Dear Sir or Madam,

Zoning Compliance 
 The subject property is a split lot located in two zoning districts, C6-4 and C1-8 
 commercial zoning districts, as well as the special Clinton District with a portion 
 in the perimeter area and a portion in the northern sub area of the special Clinton 
 District. Residential use is permitted as of right in both districts. Per the seller’s 
 existing zoning analysis prepared by their architect on 8/31/2021, the building 
 contains a total of 437,597 gross square feet, of which 410,602 counts as zoning 
 square footage after taking the as-of-right ﬂoor area exemption for mechanical 
 spaces throughout the building.

The lot contains 29,155 square feet, and the buildable ﬂoor area ratio (FAR) is 
 10.0 and 9.0, respectively for the portions of the lot located in the C6-4 and C1-8 
 districts. Even if fully at the higher 10.0 FAR, only 291,550 sf of ﬂoor area would 
 normally be buildable as a maximum. However, since the building was built prior 
 to the current zoning regulations enacted in 1961, the overbuilt ﬂoor area is 
 lawfully noncompliant and permitted to be converted from hotel use to market 
 rate residential by electing the provisions of ZR 15-00 and NYS Multiple Dwelling 
 Law section 277, for which the subject lot qualiﬁes by virtue of its existence prior 
 to the current 1961 zoning resolution and by virtue of its location in community 
 district 4 of the borough of Manhattan.

In electing ZR 15-00, MDL Article 7B is invoked, where under section 277 
 indicates the following:

1  of  4

=== page 349 ===
Case 25-11853-KBO    Doc 396-2    Filed 03/31/26    Page 349 of 551

Any building in any city of more than one million persons which 
 at any time prior to January ﬁrst, nineteen hundred seventy- 
 seven was occupied for loft, commercial, institutional, public, 
 community facility or manufacturing purposes, may, 
 notwithstanding any other article of this chapter, or any 
 provision of law covering the same subject matter (except as 
 otherwise required by the local zoning law or resolution), be 
 occupied in whole or in part for joint living-work quarters for 
 artists or general residential purposes if such occupancy is in 
 compliance with this article. Such occupancy shall be permitted 
 only if the following conditions are met and complied with.

The above provision allows the existing ﬂoor area to be converted to general 
 residential purposes as long as the provisions of MDL 277 are met. The proposed 
 conversion to general residential use will comply with the requirements of MDL 
 section 277.

Under ZR 15-111 “number of permitted dwelling units” it also speciﬁes that 
 where the total ﬂoor area on the zoning lot exceeds the maximum ﬂoor area 
 permitted by the applicable district regulations, such excess ﬂoor area may be 
 converted in its entirety to residences.”

The provisions of ZR 15-12 require that at least 30 percent of the gross roof area 
 of a building containing 15 dwelling units shall be provided for recreational use, 
 and fore each additional dwelling unit, 100 square feet of additional roof area 
 shall be provided for recreational use, up to a maximum of 50 percent of gross 
 roof area. The subject building will have up to 440 units, and therefore be subject 
 to providing 50 percent of gross roof area for recreational use. The existing roof 
 areas currently located on ﬂoors 3, 4, 14, 17, 20, 21, 23 and 24 total 19,085 sf, of 
 which 16,395 sf will continue to be maintained as recreational areas accessible to 
 all residents in the building. This is well in excess of 50% of gross roof area, and 
 the balance of 2,690 sf is currently private terrace space and will remain so.

The building’s legal uses include retail at portions of the cellar and ground ﬂoor, 
 and hotel for the remainder of the building. The proposal conversion will leave the 
 commercial spaces intact, and change the use for the hotel portion to market rate 
 residential.

It should also be noted that the building’s existing massing exceeds allowable sky 
 exposure planes, but is lawfully noncompliant for the same reason due to the 
 building’s existence prior to the current zoning regulations. The proposed 
 conversion to residential will occur within the building and no modiﬁcations are 
 proposed to the existing building massing.

No accessory automobile parking or loading is required as part of the residential 
 conversion, however bicycle parking will be required and provided for 50% of the 
 residential unit total of 440.

There are 38 registered single room occupancy (SRO) units in the building that 
 are regulated by the Housing and Preservation Department (HPD), and any

2  of  4

=== page 350 ===
Case 25-11853-KBO    Doc 396-2    Filed 03/31/26    Page 350 of 551

changes of occupancy or changes to unit layouts within the building require HPD 
 to issue a certiﬁcate of no harassment (CONH). The proposed conversion will be 
 sequenced into work that does not require a CONH to be ﬁled immediately, such 
 as accessibility upgrades, MEP upgrades and alterations to common areas; and 
 the balance of the work such as changes to use, unit count and layout will occur 
 after a CONH is obtained, which is estimated to be 12 months.

Tenant Protection Plan (TPP) 
 As required by section 28-120.1 of the NYC administrative code for occupied 
 buildings, a tenant protection plan will be ﬁled for each phase of the planned 
 work, and will address the required categories of protection as follows:

●
 Egress.  The SRO tenants have their own entrance and lobby on W 57 St, 
 and this lobby will not be impacted by the planned work. All for building 
 exit stairs will be unobstructed and fully accessible by all building 
 occupants. 
 ●
 Fire Safety.  The building’s sprinkler, standpipe and ﬁre alarm system will 
 be maintained throughout planned work on all ﬂoors that have 
 occupancy. Upgrades to such systems will be planned in phases starting 
 with vacant ﬂoors. For the occupied units, upgrades will be scheduled in 
 coordination with each tenant, or tenants will be relocated to temporary 
 accommodations before work commences to their spaces. For the period 
 where ﬁre protection systems will be off line for the upgrades, alternative
 safety measures such as certiﬁed ﬁre guard personnel to monitor 
 occupancy safety until such time that ﬁre protections systems come back 
 on line. 
 ●
 Health Requirements.  At work areas, dust barriers will be installed to 
 contain dust. Where necessary, asbestos abatement, lead abatement, 
 mold remediation, pest control will be undertaken to address any such 
 conditions that present a hazard to health. 
 ●
 Compliance with Housing Standards.  Full compliance with the NYC 
 Housing Maintenance Code will be enforced by the construction 
 management team and ownership, including maintaining sanitary 
 conditions, access to windows for natural light and ventilation, and all
 other provisions within the rights of tenants. 
 ●
 Structural Safety.  No major structural work is planned as part of the 
 conversion. Any minor structural work that may occur or emerge at a 
 later date will be designed and ﬁled with the DOB by a licensed structural 
 engineer, to ensure that at no time are building occupants exposed to any 
 structural safety risks. 
 ●
 Noise Restrictions.  All work is planned to occur during business hours on 
 weekdays, at noise levels in compliance with the NYC noise code. The 
 construction management team will take measures to ensure that noise 
 levels are minimized. 
 ●
 Maintaining Essential Services.  Building occupants will continue to be 
 provided with heat, hot water, gas, electricity, elevator service and other 
 services they currently enjoy, throughout the course of work. Where 
 planned upgrades to any such services require an unavoidable disruption 
 to such services, notiﬁcation and coordination with each occupant will be 
 arranged to minimize disruption, with alternatives provided where

3  of  4

=== page 351 ===
Case 25-11853-KBO    Doc 396-2    Filed 03/31/26    Page 351 of 551

appropriate. 
 ●
 Notice to Occupants.  Prior to the commencement of work, advance 
 notiﬁcation will be given to all building occupants in the form of written
 notices, and posted notices in all lobbies and elevator lobbies that are 
 occupied.

Sincerely,

Edwin Tang, AIA, CFM

4  of  4

=== page 352 ===
Case 25-11853-KBO    Doc 396-2    Filed 03/31/26    Page 352 of 551

Exhibit C

Form of Sublease

(Attached hereto)

4866-0049-6406, v. 12

=== page 353 ===
Case 25-11853-KBO    Doc 396-2    Filed 03/31/26    Page 353 of 551

Form of Memorandum of Sublease

Record and Return to:

Duval & Stachenfeld LLP 
555 Madison Avenue, 6th Floor 
New York, NY 10022 
Attention: Danielle Ash, Esq. & File Manager 
File No.: 4308.0014

MEMORANDUM OF SUBLEASE

THIS MEMORANDUM OF SUBLEASE (this “Memorandum”), is made as of the 
____________ day of May, 2022 (the “Execution Date”) and is effective as of ______ day of May, 
2022 (the “Effective Date”), between 356W58 GROUND LESSOR, LLC, a Delaware limited 
liability company (“Sublandlord”), having an address at Woodlawn Hall at Old Parkland, 3953 
Maple Ave., Suite 350, Dallas, Texas 75219, and HUDSON 1701/1706, LLC , a Delaware limited 
liability company (“Subtenant”), having an address at c/o CSC Co-Living 6 St. Johns Lane, New 
York, New York 10013.

RECITALS

WHEREAS, Hudson 10th Floor LLC, a Delaware limited liability company (as 
successor-in-interest to Irving Schatz) (“Original Landlord”), as landlord, and EC 58th Street LLC, 
a Delaware limited liability company (as successor-in-interest to Ian Schrager Hotels, LLC) 
(“Original Tenant”), as tenant, are parties to that certain Amended and Restated Lease, dated 
February 11, 1999 (as amended, the “Lease”) with respect to certain real property described in 
Exhibit A attached hereto (the “Leased Premises”);

WHEREAS, notice of the Lease was given pursuant to that certain Amended and 
Restated Memorandum of Lease, dated as of February 12, 1999, which was recorded in the New 
York County Office of the Register of the City of New York (the “Real Estate Records”) on March 
23, 1999 in Reel 2841, Page 1872 and amended pursuant to that certain Assignment and 
Assumption of Lease made by and between Ian Schrager Hotels LLC, as assignor, to Henry 
Hudson Holdings LLC, as assignee, dated as of February 12, 1999 and recorded in the Real Estate 
Records on March 23, 1999 in Reel 2841 Page 1882, and as amended by an unrecorded 
Amendment to Lease made by and between Irving Schatz and Henry Hudson Holdings LLC dated 
as of August 17, 2004, and as further assigned by Assignment and Assumption of Ground Lease 
in Lieu of Foreclosure made by and between Henry Hudson Holdings LLC, as assignor, and EC 
58th Street LLC as assignee, dated as of November 24, 2020 and recorded in the Real Estate 
Records on December 4, 2020 in CRFN 2020000344630 (collectively, the “Memorandum of 
Lease”);

4890-0686-9270, v. 6

=== page 354 ===
Case 25-11853-KBO    Doc 396-2    Filed 03/31/26    Page 354 of 551

WHEREAS, on the Execution Date, Original Tenant, as assignor and Sublandlord, 
as assignee, have entered into that certain Assignment and Assumption of Lease, which is recorded 
in the Real Estate Records on May __, 2022 in CRFN ___________  (the “Assignment 
Agreement”),  whereby Original Tenant has assigned all of its right, title and interest in and to the 
Lease to Sublandlord and Sublandlord succeeded to the interest of Original Tenant as tenant under 
the Lease;

WHEREAS, Sublandlord and Subtenant desire to enter into this Memorandum to 
be recorded in the Real Estate Records in order that third parties will have notice of the existence 
of that certain Sublease Agreement, dated as of the Execution Date and effective as of the Effective 
Date, by and between Sublandlord and Subtenant (as the same may be modified, amended and/or 
restated from time to time, the “Sublease”), with respect to the Leased Premises.

NOW, THEREFORE, in consideration of the sum of Ten Dollars ($10.00) and for 
other good and valuable consideration, the receipt and sufficiency of which the parties hereby 
acknowledge, and intending to be legally bound hereby, Sublandlord and Subtenant agree as 
follows:

1.
Recitals Incorporated.  The foregoing recitals are incorporated by reference into
this Section as if set forth in the Section in full.

2.
Incorporation of the Sublease.  The Sublease is unrecorded and is herein expressly
incorporated by reference for a complete statement of the rights and obligations of Sublandlord 
and Subtenant with respect to the Leased Premises.  Any conflict between this Memorandum and 
the Sublease shall be governed by the terms of the Sublease.

3.
Grant of Sublease. Pursuant to that certain Sublease Agreement, Sublandlord has
subleased to Subtenant and Subtenant has subleased from Sublandlord the Leased Premises. 
Capitalized terms used herein but not otherwise defined herein shall have the meanings ascribed 
to such terms set forth in the Sublease.

4.
Term of Sublease. The term of the Sublease (the “Term”) commences on the
Effective Date and will end on November 30, 2096, unless sooner terminated in accordance with 
its terms. Subtenant has no option to renew the Term of the Sublease.

5.
Release.  If the Sublease terminates or expires, then without requirement of further
action, this Memorandum shall automatically terminate; provided, however, in any such event, 
promptly after a demand from Sublandlord or Subtenant to the other party, each party agrees to 
execute and cause the recordation of a release of this Memorandum that memorializes such 
expiration or termination.

6.
Miscellaneous. The parties have executed this Memorandum to be effective as of
the Effective Date. This Memorandum may be executed in multiple counterparts, and each 
counterpart shall be deemed to be an original hereof; accordingly, this Memorandum is binding 
notwithstanding the execution of separate originals hereof, one by each of the parties hereto.

[Remainder of Page Intentionally Left Blank]

4890-0686-9270, v. 6

=== page 355 ===
Case 25-11853-KBO    Doc 396-2    Filed 03/31/26    Page 355 of 551

IN WITNESS WHEREOF, Sublandlord and Subtenant have executed this 
Memorandum as of the day and year first above written.

SUBLANDLORD:

356W58 GROUND LESSOR, LLC, 
a Delaware limited liability company

By: 
______________________________ 
Name: 
Title:

STATE OF _____________ )

) 
ss.: 
COUNTY OF ___________ )

On the ___ day of __________ in the year 20__ before me, the undersigned, 
_____________________, personally known to me or proved to me on the basis of satisfactory 
evidence to be the individual whose name is subscribed to the within instrument and acknowledged 
to me that he/she executed the same in his/her capacity, and that by his/her signature on the 
instrument, the individual, or the person upon behalf of which the individual acted, executed the 
instrument.

_________________________________________ 
Notary Public

[additional signature(s) follow]

4890-0686-9270, v. 6

=== page 356 ===
Case 25-11853-KBO    Doc 396-2    Filed 03/31/26    Page 356 of 551

SUBTENANT:

HUDSON 1701/1706, LLC,  
a Delaware limited liability company

By: 
______________________________ 
Name: Alberto Smeke Saba 
Title: Authorized Signatory

By: 
______________________________ 
Name: Salomon Smeke Saba 
Title: Authorized Signatory

STATE OF _____________ )

) 
ss.: 
COUNTY OF ___________ )

On the ___ day of __________ in the year 20__ before me, the undersigned, 
_____________________, personally known to me or proved to me on the basis of satisfactory 
evidence to be the individual whose name is subscribed to the within instrument and acknowledged 
to me that he/she executed the same in his/her capacity, and that by his/her signature on the 
instrument, the individual, or the person upon behalf of which the individual acted, executed the 
instrument.

_________________________________________ 
Notary Public

4890-0686-9270, v. 6

=== page 357 ===
Case 25-11853-KBO    Doc 396-2    Filed 03/31/26    Page 357 of 551

EXHIBIT A

Description of the Leased Premises

Lot 1706

The premises demised by that certain Lease dated as of 2/11/1999 made by and between Irving 
Schatz, as landlord and Ian Schrager Hotels LLC, as tenant; as modified by an Amended and 
Restated Memorandum of Lease made between Ian Schrager Hotels LLC and Irving Schatz dated 
as of 2/12/1999 and recorded 3/23/1999 in Reel 2841 Page 1872; as assigned by an Assignment 
and Assumption of Lease made by and between Ian Schrager Hotels LLC (f/k/a West 57th LLC) 
to Henry Hudson Holdings LLC dated as of 2/12/1999 and recorded 3/23/1999 in Reel 2841 Page 
1882; as modified by an Unrecorded Amendment to Lease made by and between Irving Schatz, as 
landlord, and Henry Hudson Holdings LLC, as tenant, dated as of 8/17/2004, as evidenced by 
Assignment and Assumption of Ground Lease in Lieu of Foreclosure made by Henry Hudson 
Holdings LLC to EC 58th Street LLC dated as of 11/24/2020 and recorded 12/4/2020 as CRFN 
2020000344630; to wit:

THE CONDOMINIUM UNIT (hereinafter referred to as the "Unit") in the building (hereinafter 
referred to as the "Building") known as 353 West 57th Street Condominium and by the street 
number 353-361 West 57th Street a/k/a 358-366 West 58th Street, County of New York, State 
of New York, said Unit being designated and described as Unit No. 6 in a Declaration dated 
4/11/1985 made by Irving Schatz, pursuant to Article 9-B of the Real Property Law of the State 
of New York (hereinafter referred to as the "Condominium Act") establishing a Plan for 
condominium ownership of the Building and the Land (hereinafter referred to as the "Land") upon 
which the Building is situate (which Land is more particularly described in Exhibit A annexed 
hereto and by this reference made a part hereof), which Declaration was recorded in the Office of 
the City Register of the City of New York, County of New York, on 4/24/1985 in Reel 902 Page 
1 as amended by First Amendment to Declaration dated 1/29/1993 and recorded 5/11/1993 in 
Reel 1969 Page 2286, as amended by Amended and Restated Declaration made by Henry 
Hudson Holdings LLC, Irving Schatz, Adrienne Wechsler and Cheryl Hirsch dated as of 2/12/1999 
and recorded 7/16/1999 in Reel 2913 Page 1753 and Amendment to Amended and Restated 
Declaration dated as of 9/30/1999 and recorded 10/27/1999 in Reel 2979 Page 2159 (which 
Declaration and Amendments thereto are hereinafter collectively referred to as the "Declaration"). 
This Unit is also designated as Tax Lot 1706 in Block 1048 of the County of New York on the 
Tax Map of the Real Property Assessment Department and on the Floor Plans of the Building, 
certified by Butler Rogers Baskett Architects, and filed with the Real Property Assessment 
Department as Condominium Plan No. 208 and also filed in the Office of the City Register of 
the City of New York, County of New York, on 4/24/1985 as Condominium Map No. 4326 and 
recorded 4/24/1985 as Reel 8500 Page 4326, as amended by Amended Condominium Plan No. 
208-A filed 5/11/1993 as Amended Condominium Map No. 5192 and recorded 5/11/1993 as 
Reel 9300 Page 5192.  
TOGETHER with an undivided 3.89067 % interest in the Common Elements (as such term is 
defined in the Declaration). 4884-6998-3262, v. 2

The Land on which the Building and Unit are located is situated in the County of New York and 
State of New York and is more fully described in the Declaration.

4890-0686-9270, v. 6

=== page 358 ===
Case 25-11853-KBO    Doc 396-2    Filed 03/31/26    Page 358 of 551

Exhibit D-1

CONH Exemption Application

(Attached hereto)

4866-0049-6406, v. 12

=== page 359 ===
Case 25-11853-KBO    Doc 396-2    Filed 03/31/26    Page 359 of 551

APPLICATION FOR AN EXEMPTION FROM THE CONH REQUIREMENT 
Rev. July 2018

1.
Property:  Identify the property that is the subject of this application ("property").

Borough: 
 Manhattan
Brooklyn
Bronx
Queens
Staten Island

x

1048 
             1701/1702 
117950 
         1026317

Block:  ________ 
Lot:  ______  HPD Registration ID: __________ BIN: _______________

353 West 57th Street, New York, New York 10019

Street Address:  _________________________________________________________________

X
3

2.
Exemption Sought: Please indicate the requirement and number designation of the exemption you are
seeking. (See instructions.) Please check every box that applies.

Single Room Occupancy multiple dwelling. Exemption Number________

Special Clinton District. Exemption Number________

Special Hudson Yards District. Exemption Number________

Preservation Area P-2 of the Special Garment Center District. Exemption Number________

Greenpoint-Williamsburg anti-harassment area. Exemption Number________

Special West Chelsea District. Exemption Number________

3.
Building Configuration:  Attach either an original certified copy of the certificate of occupancy or
original certified letter from the Department of Buildings stating that the building does not have a
certificate of occupancy.  Describe the legal and actual configuration of the building below.

Legal Configuration -

Actual Configuration -

Type of Unit

Number of Units

Number of Units

1 
1

Apartment Dwelling Units

959 
959

SRO Dwelling Units

960 
960

Total Dwelling Units

Commercial Units

2 
2

X

What is the basis of the legal configuration described above? 

Certificate of Occupancy (must attach if this is the basis of the legal configuration)

Original certified letter from the Department of Buildings

4.
Building Occupancy:  Is the building currently vacant?

Yes (How long has the building been vacant?) ______________________________________.

No (Describe the current occupancy below).

X

Type of Unit 
Occupied 
Vacant 
Total

1 
         0 
1

Apartment Dwelling Units

37 
         922            959

SRO Dwelling Units

38
922            960

Total Dwelling Units

2
0 
 2

Commercial Units

1

=== page 360 ===
Case 25-11853-KBO    Doc 396-2    Filed 03/31/26    Page 360 of 551

APPLICATION FOR AN EXEMPTION FROM THE CONH REQUIREMENT 
Rev. July 2018

5.
Applicant(s):  Identify the applicant(s). An applicant must be a natural person, not an entity.

Alberto Smeke

Name (1) _______________________________ 
Name (2) _______________________________

Social Security Number: _
_ 
Social Security Number: ____/____/______

Date of Birth:  _
__/_
_/_
__ 
Date of Birth:  _____/____/_____

6 St. Johns Lane, New York, NY 10013

Mailing Address:  ____________________________________________________________________

347-421-3335
212-419-3149

Business Telephone Number: ______________ 
Mobile Telephone Number:  __________________

as@csc-coliving.com

Email Address:  _________________________ 
Fax Number:  _____________________________

Managing Member of Ground Lessee

Relationship to the property (attach documentation): ________________________________________

356W58 Ground Lessor LLC

Deed Owner:  ______________________________________________________________________

c/o MSP Capital Investments, LLC, 3953 Maple Ave., Ste. 350, Dallas, Texas 75219

Deed Owner Address: _______________________________________________________________

6.
Basis for Exemption: Please provide a statement detailing the basis for the exemption and all
documentation substantiating the claim.
____________________________________________________________________________

The building is exempt from the requirement of obtaining a Certification of No Harassment on the

____________________________________________________________________________

basis, pursuant to §96-110 (b)(2) of the Zoning Resolution of the City of New York, that the building

____________________________________________________________________________

was initially occupied for residential purposes after January 1, 1974. Here, the certificate of

____________________________________________________________________________

occupancy in effect on January 1, 1974, dated December 14, 1972 and bearing certificate of

____________________________________________________________________________

occupancy number 72773, classified the building as a Class B Hotel. A copy of the certificate of

____________________________________________________________________________

occupancy, dated December 14, 1972, is attached as Exhibit A. This certificate of occupancy was
___________________________________________________________________________

effect until it was amended on June 4, 1976 pursuant to certificate of occupancy number
____________________________________________________________________________

76793 attached as Exhibit B, which specifically stated it amended certificate of occupancy number
____________________________________________________________________________

72773. Mult. Dwell Law §4(9) defines a Class B multiple dwelling as a multiple dwelling which is

____________________________________________________________________________

occupied, as a rule transiently. The Zoning Resolution of the City of New York classifies a Class B
____________________________________________________________________________

Hotel as a transient commercial use under Use Group 5 and was permitted only in commercial
____________________________________________________________________________

districts. I refer you to ZR §32-14. Thus, the building is exempt from the requirement of obtaining a
____________________________________________________________________________

Certification of No Harassment.

___________________________________________________________________________

2

=== page 361 ===
Case 25-11853-KBO    Doc 396-2    Filed 03/31/26    Page 361 of 551

APPLICATION FOR AN EXEMPTION FROM THE CONH REQUIREMENT 
Rev. July 2018

X

7.
Prior Applications for the Property:  Has anyone ever submitted an application for an exemption or
waiver from the requirement for a certification of no harassment to HPD with respect to the property?

No.

Yes (Indicate the date of the application and any other relevant details).

Date of the 
Application 
Applicant 
Details

8.
Current Ownership
A. Current Owners: List each current holder of title to the property including individual owners, joint

owners and corporate owners:
Name 
Date of Birth SSN or EIN 
Address

c/o MSP Capital Investments, LLC, 3953 
Maple Ave., Suite 350, Dallas, Texas 75219
356W58 Ground Lessor LLC
EIN: 
88-1529701

3

=== page 362 ===
Case 25-11853-KBO    Doc 396-2    Filed 03/31/26    Page 362 of 551

APPLICATION FOR AN EXEMPTION FROM THE CONH REQUIREMENT 
Rev. July 2018

B. Current Principals and Officers:  If title to the property is held by an entity rather than by a

person, list (i) every director, general partner, managing partner, or managing member of such
entity, (ii) every officer of such entity, (iii) every other person authorized to sign for and bind such
entity, and (iv) every person or entity holding a 10% or more economic interest in such entity.
Provide an opinion of counsel letter which authorizes the individual to file the application.  An
opinion of counsel letter is a letter by an attorney stating that the person signing the application for
the corporation, partnership or limited liability corporation, is entitled to file and act on behalf of the
entity and to make all of the representations and commitments therein.  You must also provide
the supporting documentation as listed in the Instructions to support the below.

Name 
Date of Birth SSN or EIN

Relationship 
to Owner

Address and 
Telephone Number

4

=== page 363 ===
Case 25-11853-KBO    Doc 396-2    Filed 03/31/26    Page 363 of 551

APPLICATION FOR AN EXEMPTION FROM THE CONH REQUIREMENT 
Rev. July 2018

C. Current Management:  List each person who served as a managing agent, a superintendent,

collected rents, supervised or ordered repairs, or exercised any other discretion in the management
of the property under the current ownership.

Name and Address 
Employer and Role Period of Service 
Nature of Service

HUDSON  1701/1706, LLC 
 Asset Manager
May, 2022 - Present
Asset Management

Alberto Smeke

Sal Smeke

HUDSON  1701/1706, LLC 
 Asset Manager
May, 2022 - Present
Asset Management

HUDSON  1701/1706, LLC 
Property Manager
1999 - Present
Property Management

Denise Cruz

9.
Reason for Application:  Briefly describe the reason for this application (e.g., the alteration or
demolition work to be performed at the property).

Alterations and renovations of rooms at the building.

____________________________________________________________________________

____________________________________________________________________________

____________________________________________________________________________

____________________________________________________________________________

____________________________________________________________________________

____________________________________________________________________________

A. Have any applications for permits been filed with the Department of Buildings for work at the

X

property which would require a certification of no harassment?

No
(Even if no such applications for permits have been filed with the Department of 
Buildings, HPD may request copies of architectural plans). 

Yes
 (Attach a copy of each such application, stamped by the Department of Buildings, and all

attachments thereto).

B. Is any construction work currently in progress?

x


No.

Yes (Provide details below).
____________________________________________________________________________

____________________________________________________________________________

5

=== page 364 ===
Case 25-11853-KBO    Doc 396-2    Filed 03/31/26    Page 364 of 551

APPLICATION FOR AN EXEMPTION FROM THE CONH REQUIREMENT 
Rev. July 2018

Applicant Consent: The owner of the property hereby consents to permit HPD unfettered access to the 
property that is the subject of this application at all times and without prior notice. It is understood that the 
failure to provide such access when requested will prevent the processing of this application and, in the 
discretion of HPD, may result in the denial of an Exemption from the requirement of obtaining a Certification of 
No Harassment.

Further, it is understood that the application may be denied if it contains any false or misleading statements, or 
material omissions.

Further, it is understood that the applicant and/or undersigned must first obtain an Exemption from the 
requirement of obtaining a Certification of No Harassment from HPD and all necessary permits from the DOB 
prior to commencing the work at the subject premises, which is the subject of this application.

I, the applicant, have read the within application and attest that its entire contents are true and complete.

____________________________________ 
_________________________________________ 
Applicant's Signature (1) 
Applicant's Signature (2)

____________________________________ 
_________________________________________ 
Print Name Above 
Print Name Above

____________________________________ 
_________________________________________ 
Relationship to the Property  
Relationship to the Property

____________________________________ 
Corporate Entity Designee Signature

____________________________________ 
Print Name Above

____________________________________ 
Relationship to the Property

Sworn to this _______ day of 
___________, 20___.

_________________________ 
Notary

6

=== page 365 ===
Case 25-11853-KBO    Doc 396-2    Filed 03/31/26    Page 365 of 551

r-

PAUJ? 1 of 2
Vwm «; 
7//.-»J..1.IM.r»»5l.‘Hf.7j
DEPARTMENT .OF BUILDINGS
i

, THE CITY OF NEW YORK

7Z7T&
No.
Date

BOROUGH OF KAJRiAI2aS 
December 14, 1972

CERTIFICATE OF OCCUPANCY

NO CHANGES OF USE OR OCCUPANCY NOT CONSISTENT WITH THIS CERTIFICATE SHALL

BE MADE UNLESS FIRST APPROVED BY THE BOROUGH SUPERINTENDENT

C. O- No. 68201

th^ioftv-^aJlerfcd-TpqfurtCigr—building—premises located at

This certificaUj^^p^ps^ 
THIS CERTtMi dLit i

2
Block 104*8
Lot
353 *y7est 57-fch Street
That the zoning lot and premises above referred to are situated, bounded and described as follows:

and
..feet; thence .. 
-feet: thence ..
West 57tli Street
running thence — 
thence

side of
BEGINNING at a point on the 
distant
West 57th Street
north
from the comer formed by the intersection of
feet ppn-b
20'
9th Avenue 
~~north-200 LrrlDf.. 
•BQ«th2oo.*-ao“

Tcct;
.feet;
.feet;

.feet; thence

*vr* •
running thence
to the point or place of beginning, conforms substantially to the approved plans and specifications, and to the require­
ments of the Building Code^ ihe Zoning Resolution and all other laws and ordinances, and of the rules of the Board of 
Standards and Appeals, applicable to a building of its class and kind at the time the permit was issued; and

CERTIFIES FURTHER that, any provisions of Section 646c of the New York Charter have been complied 
with as certified by a report of the Fire Commissioner to the Borough Superintendent.

ConstT-uction classification—

. Height gg
. Located in

Class 1 
Fireproof
•riftgrorAlt. No— 820-1966
S^wsKaraS8i«8-;S«Sfa
at time of issuance of

l (Calendir nntabtr* to 
jbe inserted here)

stories.
feet
244f0B
Zoning District
C 4-7, C 1-8 & 
H 10
This certificate is issued subject to the limitations hereinafter specified and to the following reso­
lutions of the Board of Standards and Appeals: 
and The City Planning Commission:

PERMISSIBLE USE AND OCCUPANCY

Off-Street Parking Spaces

Off-Street Loading Berths

PERSONS
ACCOMMODATED
LIVE LOADS 
Lb». rrr Sq. Ft.
STORY
USE

150
Sub-
Clr.
120

Motion picture atudlo and offices, 
swimming pool, men’s recreation, room (gym) 
with accessory use, women’s lounge, employ­
ees' locker rooms, offices, rest room, 
storage, holler room, service and utility 
rooms.

75
120
Clr.

1200
120
1st

550
100 &
1st
J&zs.
120

Women*s recreation room (gym) with access­
ory use, helps’ locker rooms, pastry shop, 
carpenter shop, service and utility rooms.
Assembly or ballroom, cocktail lounge, 
bar and kitchen, hotel offices, newstand, 
bar and stores end service rooms.
Conference and meeting room, doctors' 
offices, hotel offices, beauty salon, 
electrolysis, Bermuda room, lookers, 
storage and service rooms.

Dining and meeting room, kitchen and 
lounge, music, meeting and sitting rooms,

two (2) lounges, cocktail lounge and 
service pantry.

600
100
2nd
6
---------------------- —___ Discharge Into Either

Sewage Disposal:
Saintary Drains tat.

(DOES) (DOCS NOT) Snnfkary rrr fyriWfrwfd Sr j»
-GV3R-

Stonn Drainage
--------—------------------Discharge Into Either

(DOES) (DOES NOT) Storm or Combined Sewer

! t

- -
t;

Borough Superintendent
OFFICE COPY—DEPARTMENT OF BUILDINGS

— p

=== page 366 ===
Case 25-11853-KBO    Doc 396-2    Filed 03/31/26    Page 366 of 551

I
I

PERMISSIBLE USE AND OCCUPANCY (contlnun.l)

-mr—d s.—.— -
: 
t :-z^
PERSONS
accommodated
LIVE LOADS 
U». p«r S<J. Ft.
STORY
USE

4th
*
40

5th
40

6th
50
240

7th
40

8th
50
100
9th
50
240

10th
40

1
nth
40

12th
40

13th
40
!

14th
40

15th
40

16th
40

C*
17th:to 
40 each
19th, LpcX.

20th
40

40
21st-

160
3rd
5Q
Offloes( photo room, looker rooms and 
valet. -
forty (40) hotel roams and guest la 
room and maid's looker room.
Fifty-Blx (56) hotel rooms, telephone
switchboard'room and maids’ looker room.
Psyohlatrea office, group therapy rooms 
and offices for non-profit hospital 
related facilities—without Bleeping 
accommodations, Use group 4.
Sixty—eight (68) hotel rooms, end maids' 
looker room.
Hospital staff office?., maida' locker room.
Offices for non-profit hospital related 
facilities (without sleeping accommoda­
tions), Use group 4.
Thirty—eight (33) hotel rooms, fifteen 
(15) hospital staff rooms, maids locker 
room, lounge, laundry.
Twenty (20) hotel rooms, twenty-five 
(25) hospital ataff rooms, maids 
locker room.
Sixty-nine (69) hotel rooms and maids' 
looker room.
Seventy-one (71) hotel rooms, maids' 
looker room.
forty-three (43) hotel rooms, maids* 
looker room and solarium.
Forty (40) hotel rooms and maids' 
locker room.
Forty-one (41) hotel rooms, maids’ 
looker room.
Thirty-seven (37) hotel rooms, maide'
[looker room, each story.
[Thirty—four (34) hotel rooms, maids'
[looker room.
Seventeen (1?) hotel rooms, nine (9)
Ihospital staff rooms, maids' looker room.

22nd
40

thirty—six (36) hotel rooms and maids' 
looker room.

Borough Superintended

|

=== page 367 ===
Case 25-11853-KBO    Doc 396-2    Filed 03/31/26    Page 367 of 551

I
- .

Torm 54-C (tm.
3*6
)
DEPAmmEvr of buildings

borough of Runurai
, THE cmr «EW

:
7&?SS
n»te A|*41 Tt, I9?6 :-

No.
CERTIFICATE OF OCCUFANCY

;
r
WO CHARGES OF USE OR OCCUPANCY NOT CONSISTENT Wlf H THIS CERTIFICATE SHAUL

BE CADE OMLESS FIRST APPROVED BY THE BOROUGH SUPERINTENDENT

at
Block 10M lot 3

c.aK<$U7J*T
nwrerri
THIS CERTIFIES da
353-343 *m% 57a»
TIgtf flie zaxmf lot »a3 premoes 
refeered to tihmsnA. boanded mh! tocifeed as foOoire:
BEGINNING at * paint os the OBttfc 
sdeef 
57«k S»BN*

4 fact
from comer formed tnr the rotcrscocon ot

57kfe StmA
distant

9*J» *
*ad
.------ fv;-t; thrrsrt- ^0R% X?3

rimnmp thence .
thence

>

-------- ITS
ieet; thence . 
fed; thence

:
rutrnng thence

to the point of place of beguming, oteforms mhefantWHr to the approved pirns and spedSeaticns. and to the re^thre- 
meets of die BttiMiiig Code, the Zaetng Resotooan and afi other bar: zad onSnancta. and of the rote: «f the Bond of
sptndarris and Appeals, -gipfeahle to a bnikSnj of its dass aod kind a the time the penrvrt was mned; mx! '----

CERTIFIES FURTHER that, attr pfOeistcns of Secrioo 646e of the Nea- Y«rt Charter have Been compSed

of the Foe Coomrissiooer to the Boeor^h Sttpermtendeat.

(ioostriKtion dnssi&atioa—Cl—T—?

with as c-rffied hr a
B3BBr Ah. Ka— 4

. Height 26 
. Located m C4-7#d -##R—IN
art
feet.
stories.
Occupcocy tbtrtffSciSt

Zomo£ Dhtrbt.
olpeneit

Date 
ytmaykikm—
ai tiiac oF *

i it hmrnd mhjmc* to tW Bm

TIim i

■i

a -' ^-—-.7^-0-ofO #7//o _
Cnf-^rr«t PArkicg %taces _

Lift-Street Loading SJotlls . .

UVR LOADS
U* S* Pi-
nwr
!
H I

K%m
KO
Xh

i

• i
?rt

■;
ith

1
- 67 *f «»• toltlpl* SmIUoa
»lrt
le: This hulIHlBC

«■

A
i
AnfSpiR*

-r
x»
w.
-irtl«r ^asi> a*rti

. J
.«* f*.
S7J

‘.♦rior' Flaw hp

1«%
ft

Cn: Thi* 1*

■

fWi eiKTifiCt^ . ,

■ <-:i S. iUS?ii

' - niTTi: >£ At»tn ‘

mrm t: • r-
K THE £ - -

i
i

1:

!
axns> GDOSSMDD 
g rrwImi IShwi

(W»S> <DO*STOT>

?_

■■ .-•« n.

OFFICE COPT—OCPARnKNT OF BUODdfCS

Bftf SiykCB^iP iwrtiwrff t
as:s t sa^

I
I

=== page 368 ===
Case 25-11853-KBO    Doc 396-2    Filed 03/31/26    Page 368 of 551

-i
im i
I E

i

7-
:
PERMISSIBLE USE AND OCCUPANCY (continaedj

CSE
STORY

"7
gsasoNS
j . AC0031M0DAXED
LIVE LOADS 
L2n-.vcx Sg-Ft-

r

_
=

j -
s-

;■

J

L.

r-
Jr

7

I

i

'

i
t
L
I

1
J
1
=

S:
■

’w

7

i
■v

I

•i

■

!
]

D>

Borouah Supermiendent

=== page 369 ===
Case 25-11853-KBO    Doc 396-2    Filed 03/31/26    Page 369 of 551

'/*
• .n

, <i
i i
r , 
1 
*' t . 1 -

PAGE I OF A PAGES
............V* b
^7“l0l3G-3 CD/cc

THE CITY OF NEW YORK

Al.T. 1 
101970921
DEPARTMENT OF BUILDINGS
&
&
trfifr
CERTIFICATE OF OCCUPANCY

NO. 101970921

0AT!|'aY I 7 2fl0t
BOROUGH Manhattan

ZONING DISTRICT C4 - 7, Cl - 8, Rl |

*

This ccrllfiBnloBUporscdcs C.O. No t 12120s
THIS CERTIFIES Ihnlllic XXX.iillcrcd-XXXXXXXXX bulldiiiB-promlses locnlcdnt

i'
353 Neat 57th Street
-V\

Block 1048 Lot 7502

l

CONFORMS SUBSTANTIALLY TO THE APPROVED PLANS AND SPECIFICATIONS AND TO THE REOUIREMENTS OF AIL APPLICABLE LAWS. 
RULES, AND REGULATIONS FOR THE USES AND OCCUPANCIES SPECIFIED HEREIN.

i;
PERAUSSIDLIC USE AND OCCUPANCY

T

DU1LDIHQ

DURDIHO

(MAXIMUM

live load 
ins. per

CODE
lUUHrADLG

CODE
occup/frev

SQ.FT.
m
zoiiiiiii
UEt GI.OUP
STOflY
DCHCRIFTIOIIOFUSe
t;

RODIM

ZOHIHO
DyVELLINO
OHROOMIHQ
urnrs

HO. OF 
PERSONS 
PERUiriEO

GROUP

r;

s
o

SUB-CELLAR
120
ISO
SHIMMING POOL, MEN'S RECREATION 
ROOM (GYM) WITH ACCESSORY USE, 
WOMAN'S LOUNGE, EMPLOYEES LOCKER 
ROOMS
OPPICES, REST ROOM, STORAGE, 
BOILER ROOM, SERVICE AND UTILITY 
ROOM, MECHANICAL EQUIPMENT ROOMS

CELLAR
120
CO

i
i

1o
76
WOMAN'S RECREATION ROOM (GYM)
WITH ACCESSORY USE, LOCKER ROOM, 
SERVICE AND UTILITY RMS,, SCENERY 
LIPT PIT, LAUNDRY RM., STORAGE

I
120
416
C
6
202
C
3
J-l

4

f
1ST FLOOR
6
P-3
HOTEL LOBBY 
SUPERMARKET 
RETAIL
SECURITY ROOM
STORAGE
OFFICES

1ST FLOOR
imz,

J-l
5
n

. “D

4
G
0-2
132

110
F-1B
1
F-lB
139

120
26
S
OPPICES 
ROOM SERVICE, 
RECEIVING 
KITCHEN
CONFERENCE SPACE
STORAGE
PANTRY
CONFERENCE ROOM 1 
COAT ROOM 
CONFERENCE ROOM 2

I
(CONTINUED)
OPEN SPACE USES

lai’IICIF Y.PAJIKIM) SPACES, iOADIIIQ tltmilB, 01IIEII USES, NDNE)

NO CHANGE OP USE OR OCCUPANCY SHALL BE MADE UNLESS

.»

A NEW AMENDED OERTIPICATE OP OCCUPANCY IS OBTAINED 
THIS OERTIPICATE OF OCCUPANCY IS ISSUED SUBJECT TO FURTHER LIMITATIONS, CONDITIONS AND 
SPECIFICATIONS NOTED ON THE REVERSE SIDE.

/L’l?

3

<

fO
L

,x "'••■IliHJ LVmmlB:.!.- "

CoJwiSSIDNCII

.1
jt

■ill. s'
X \T 
Vn\
sUFEBSirtWETur
krwmwr**** X

OFFICE COPY ■ DEPARTMENT ORB
INOS □ COPY
ORIGINAL

k-.,:

' .....
ITTSi

'v.
; . '
iifi

=== page 370 ===
Case 25-11853-KBO    Doc 396-2    Filed 03/31/26    Page 370 of 551

:■

!*;
|:V
nr -•-•

i'.'l ■•::

'pfi.m

Sun

BOB

.z*
■f-

"5

• .1
JW
1 1-'30-01
f:
1
firar-r.- ^

:

i

!

23

1 -'ii
pt 
- .

%
=

31

H
'S1

2
r-:2

fef
1
R

1=!

if
4

s??
a
I

1
1
I

|
n
s

jffe '.•.< • -

=== page 371 ===
Case 25-11853-KBO    Doc 396-2    Filed 03/31/26    Page 371 of 551

•I

II Fonit 5<l (rev, */IIS)

J-lblJ6-3 rflJ/ee
PACE 2 OF A PACES
THE CITY OF NEW YORK

ALT. I {LOL970921
DEPARTMENT OF BUILDINGS
lu-

M
CERTIFICATE OF OCCUPANCY

BOROUGH Manhattan
DATEjvj^ ] 7 2oni N°' 101970921

ZONING DISTRICT c<l - 7, Cl - s, Ri

This ccrllllciUe siipcrscclL'R C.O. No T 121285 
THIS CERTIFIES llml thu XXX-nllefctl-XXXXXXXXX biilldltig-prcinlsw located nl

353 West 57th Street

0

Block 104 8 Lot 7502

CONFORMS auaSTANTlMLY TO THE APPROVED PUNS AND SPECIFICATIONS AND TO THE REQUIREMENTS OF ALL APPLICABLE LAWS. 
RULES, AND REQULATIONB FOR THE USES AND OCCUPANCIES SPECIFIED HEREIN.

V
PERMISSIBLE USE AND OCCUPANCY

nunoiMo

MAXIMUM

niHLOWQ

CDDfl
OCCUPAUCV

1
JOUlHO
ovmuia 
on nocwiio

CODB 
HAD IT ABLE

UVE LOAD
im nn
so. FF.
USEQROUP
DEBCflIPriOWgFOBE
STORY

HQ. Of 
pcnsoiiB 
FCRMITTEO

unirs

nooMA

anaup

S
2ND FLOOR
ISO
ISO
F-4
t:I
237
F-4

'
EATINO & DRINKINO ESTABLISHMENT 
EATING U DRINKING £ LIBRARY 
ESTABLISHMENT (LOUNGE)
SERVICE BAR 
ROOF TERRACE 
HOTEL REGISTRATION

KITCHEN 
OFFICES (ACC,)
COAT CHECK

!
o
l.'»
39
P-4
I
D-2
11
i'
o
J-l
12
H
CO
1
;
i
R
MEETING ROOM 1 
OFFICES (ACC,)

5
3RD FLOOR
F-1B
119
J-l
15
D-2

LAUNDRY ROOM 
LOCKER ROOMS 
MEETING ROOM 2 
LOCKER ROOMS

FORTY-NINE (49) HOTEL ROOMS 
ACC, OFFICES
J-l
49
S
4TH FLOOR
5
J-l
31

F-1B
60
J-l
55
£

SIXTY-THREE (63} HOTEL ROOMS
5
J-l
63
bth floor

SIXTY-EIGHT (68} HOTEL ROOMS
66
S
J-l
STH FLOOR

SEVENTY (70) HOTEL ROOMS
J-l
70
5
7TH FLOOR

i
SEVENTY (70) HOTEL ROOMS
70
J-l
S
bth floor
/

(CONTINUED)
OPEN SPACE USES

IBI'ECIFV.p/UIKIIKl {I'ACE!, lOHOINQ nf(11116,OlllEflUSES.M01IE)

no change op ube on oodupanoy shall be made unless

!* "

O FU/ITHER LIMITATIIONS, CONDITIONS AND

A NEW AMENDED OPRTIPIOATE OP OCCUPANCY IS OBTAINED 
THIS CERTIFICATE OF OCCUPANCY 18 ISSUED SUBJECT T

S NOTED ON THE REVERSE SIDE.

7*7'[Hi ^ 
/
Acluiij CcinnilaB.V)(

/SPECIFICATION
HA
's
n A“-
(T/ ,
M-tl
‘T.
i or
IT*-

nattauaii «ilrcni)liVN'iieMT
couiwAioaon

ij

□ OFFICE COPY-DEPARTMENT OF BUILDINGS □ COPY
□ ORIGINAL

' M-W»

=== page 372 ===
Case 25-11853-KBO    Doc 396-2    Filed 03/31/26    Page 372 of 551

If*
',iV
'Iri
I tv.*
FiiMfiE
tifcW.

4.
T
Q I'onn 54 (rev. 8/85)

THAT THB ZONIMQ LOT ON WHICH THE PREMISES IB LOCATED Is BOUNDED AS FOLLOWS!

I

BEGINNING at paint on Ilia NORTH

■Ida of WEST S7TH STREET 
loot (rent Dio earner lornied by tha Inlomaatlon at

EAST 
9TH AVENUE

and WEST S7TH STREET
illtlant 20 1

taali
Ihonoo

rurnilno lhanaa .......................................HiM.MMt.iiiiMinilaol! tbonca
(•all
EAST 15 5 1 - 0''
NORTH 2001-0"
foot) tlionca

Ulinoa

taali thence

• MtHlHti tmtHtUHlIHmoiettniMitn rrmnmtitHirmH
WEST 135'-0"
SOUTH 100'-0"
|M||
Cc<t 111 M Hleu4»«na»HI IMl I HettOM
WEST 20'-0"
SOUTH 100'-O"
looll

foal) Ihonca

Mienoo
to llio point or piano of boainning

XXXXALT. No. 101970921 DATE OF COMPLETION

CONSTRUCTION CLASSIFICATION 1

BUILDING OOOUPANOY onoup GLASSIFICATION

HEIGHT 26 STOHies, 244 1 FRET
o
o
THE FOLLOWING FIRE DETECTION AND EXTINGUISHING SYSTEMS ARE REQUIRED AND WERE INSTALLED IN COMPLIANCE WITH 
APPLICABLE LAWEi
CO

i

NO
YES
YES
NO
I

AUTOMATIC SPRINKLER SYSTEM
BTANDPIPE SYSTEM

YARD HYDRANT SYSTEM

BTANDPIPE FIRE TELEPHONE AND 
SIGNALLING SYSTEM

SMOKE DETECTOR

;
FIRE ALARM AND SIGNAL SYSTEM

i
i

5

, T)
STORM DRAINAGE DISCHARGES INTO) 
A) STORM SEWER p~|
B) COMBINED SEWER p~| 0) PRIVATE SEWAGE DISPOSAL BYBTEM p~|

i

SANITARY DRAINAQE DISCHARGES INTOi 
A) SANITARY SEWER P~]
B) COMBINED SEWER Q] C) PRIVATE SEWAGE DI8P08AL SYSTEM Q

'T1

LIMITATIONS OR RESTRICTIONS:

BOARD OF STANDARDS AND APPEALS CAL. NO
CITY PLANNING COMMISSION OAL, NO.---------
OTHERS:
i

frrt't,-’

■I
'
•.i’
tel,
X-

. I

Al

=== page 373 ===
Case 25-11853-KBO    Doc 396-2    Filed 03/31/26    Page 373 of 551

* *i

,111 ’ ' ’ " J ! ' ■ , ‘

PAGE 3 OF A PAGES
r

0 Forjii 5<t (rev, 8/85)
J-10136-3 Clf/cc

THE CITY OF NEW YORK

AETi 1 0101970921
A
DEPARTMENT OF BUILDINGS
m
i

CERTIFICATE OF OCCUPANCY

dateJW 11 zooi
I
i

BOROUGH Manhattan
HO, 101970921

ZONING DISTRICT C4 - 7, Cl - 8, R1

This ccrtiricotc supersedes C,0. No T 121285 
THIS CERTIFIES Hint the XXX.nllcrcd.XXXXXXXXX building-promises loented at

Block 1048 Lot 7502

!
353 West 57th Street
I
»

CONFORMS SU0BTANTIAU.Y TO THE APPROVED PUNS AND SPECIFICATIONS AND TO THE REQUIREMENTS OF ALL APPLICABLE LAWS, 
RULES, AND REOUUTIONS FOR THE USES AND OCCUPANCIES SPECIFIED HEREIN.

f
II
PERMISSIBLE USE AND OCCUPANCY

i:

MUlIAUU

punowa
flULOINO

livn LOAD

L0Q PER

KMHO
usEonoup
CODE
stoiiy
DCGCniPKOtl OF USE
HA0ITA8LD

zoim/o 
OVVEUlNQ 
Ofl ROOM WO

COpB
OCCUPWICY

BO. FT.

HO OF 
reiteofiB 
PEPMMTBD

ROOMB

UHlTfl

GROUP

613VENTV (70} HOTEL fcOOMB
9TH FLOOR
S
70
J-l

‘.j
SEVENTY (70) HOTEL ROOMS
70
6
10TH FLOOR
J-l

?!
i

UTH PLOOH
FORTY-EIOHT I>10) HOTEL ROOMS
40
5
a-i

li
o
SEVENTY-ONE (71) HOTEL ROOMS
12TH FLOOR
S
71
J-l
i

I
I

SEVENTY (70) HOTEL ROOMS
B
14TH FLOOR
70
J-l
I ,o
!s
CO
J
15TH FI430R
FORTY (40) HOTEL ROOMS
G
40
J-l
l

i

i

THIRTY-NINE (35) HOTEL ROOMS
1GTH FLOOR
G
39
J-l

THIRTY-NINE (39) HOTEL ROOMS
17TH FLOOR
39
S
J-l

THIRTY-THREE (33) HOTEL ROOMS
G
18TH FLOOR
J-l
33

FORTY (40) HOTEL ROOMS
40
G
J-l
19TH FLOOR
:

THIRTY-THREE (33) HOTEL ROOMS
BOTH FLOOR
G
J-l
33
£
TWENTY-SIX (?G) HOTEL ROOMS
RIST FLOOR
S
3G
J-l
-D

TWENTY-FOUR (24) HOTEL ROOMS
24
J-l
2 2ND FLOOR
G

THIRTY-FIVE (3GJ HOTEL ROOMB
G
J-l
23RD FLOOR
35

G
24TH FLOOR
9
J-l

G
J-l,

OHE (1) HOTEL ROOM 
ACCESSORY OFFICE 
PANTRY/STORAGE

If
E

tl

(CONTXMUEP)
OPEN SPACE USES

|EI>eciFV,l'AMKIMO 61'ACEH, LtlAUIIW llEHIMB, OTHEHUIEE. HOIW

NO 0HANO5 OP U8E OR OCCUPANCY SHALL BE MADE UNLESS

!v *i
I

l1*

.i-iV'—

A NEW AMENDED CERTIFICATE Op OCCUPANCY IS OBTAINED 
THIS CERTIFICATE OF OCCUPANCY IS ISSUED SUBJECT TO FURTHER LIMITATIONS, CONDITIONS AND 
SPECIFICATIONS NOTED ON THE REVERSE SIDE,
/ A-.y

F
o

M-0

otlnrj CommiBslgnor
L.
/:e-
\]

*•» 
ftp- 
, , 
-»
....—-uonMiwriuMiiitE/reEiiT

coMMiyiioacn
i

P OFFICE COPY-DEPARTMENT OF BUILDINOS □ COPY
□ ORIGINAL
■i;
<-i.'

—l
rn^
vf'.ui__‘w ■ 
_■ 
(v
/■* 1
■ i" ’ r
: t

=== page 374 ===
Case 25-11853-KBO    Doc 396-2    Filed 03/31/26    Page 374 of 551

....... i "i ’ Minr ir •'li »iiili iiii
■
jrfiK
'' - * if

i
4,

/,■

-=!

:

|

%

i

I

t

i

i

1

O

!
O
CO

;
»

«

5

i
i

!
i

f

!

b >

i •

I
ft,

!

k-*-1|' i; J

£• 'r*,UL- rv* 
^ 
'
■fi »t«r"
■■v
«
*i

1*?
*aP'

=== page 375 ===
Case 25-11853-KBO    Doc 396-2    Filed 03/31/26    Page 375 of 551

.. 
■■ •■'. 
v’>''...............•. ‘v.‘ ’ ‘ ■'■-:.

v ia-S «•' 
■.-
l.

D Form M (rev. D/8S)

PAGE ^ OP 4 PAGES

»J-10136-3 flft/cc

THE CITY OF NEW YORK

ALTi I /M01970921
DEPARTMENT OF BUILDINGS
U Li
^•Tiryr;
CERTIFICATE OF OCCUPANCY

HAY 1 7 7.1)111
BOROUGH Manhattan
DATE:
NO. 101970921

ThiscortWcnlosupersedesC.O,No T 12120s

ZONING DISTRICT C4 - 7, Cl - B. R1
3

j:

THIS CERTIFIES Hint Hie XXX-nJlcrcd-XXXXXXXXX buildliiu-prclillscs loented nl 
353 West 57th Street

<)
Block 1048 Lol 7502

CONRMMS SUOSTANTIALLV TO THE APPROVED PUNS AND SPECIFICATIONS AND TO THE REQUIREMENTS OF All APPLICABLE UWS. 
RULES, ANO PECULATIONS FOR THE USES AND OCCUPANCIES SPECIFIED HEREIN. 
ur nu.flrrui.nBU. Lnwa,

t

1
PERMISSIBLE USE AND OCCUPANCY

i']
MAXIMUM

itvnoAo 
im per

auiLDiim
coop
OCCUPAIICV

/OWIUO 
USE GROUP
STORY
DEscjiinrioN of use

fiq. PT.

^ONlHO 
SUILDII/O
OVYCLUWO 
COOS
onnooMwo HAoirAntE

WO. OF 
PERSONS 
KHMinED

anaup

UWlTfl 
ROOMS

ri

2STH floor
D-Z
MBCftANICAL ROOM

'iff
Z6TII FLOOR
D-Z
MECHANICAL ROOM
o
27TH FLOOR
MECHANICAL ROOM
D-2

1
I'J
o
'I
mis 0U.LDINO COMPLIES WITH SECTION 6 ’ OF TH B MULTIPLE DWELLING LAW.
NOTE i
CO

l

i

<

1961
1953
HMAN'S

ill
FIRE DE ’ARTMEN7 APPROV iLS i
- STAND >IPE BYi TEH - A "RIL S
- SPRIN :LER SV£ TEM - A 'RIL 13
- INTER :OR FIRE ALARM jjTD WATC

THE DE TECTOR
!

19S4
b

SYSTEl IS - AUC UST 31,

I

£
"3

• . 1

,u- !;:^v
.1
\ ■>' *
V-i^1 ‘ '

«* •*

1

OPEN SPACE USES

(DPECIFr.! AIIMHU BI'ACES. IOMWIQ mill IH8. □ 1 lltH UEf57i,0«r(

NO CHANOG OF USE OR OCCUPANCY SHALL BE MAPE UNLESS

* " 1'1

A NEW AMENDED CERTIFICATE OF OCCUPANCY IS OBTAINED 
THIS CERTIFICATE OF OCCUPANCY IS ISSUED SUBJECT TO FURTHER LIMITATIONS, CONDITIONS AND

npjHClFICATIONStyOJGDON THJ REVERSE

SIDE,

/it, i* 
L.. 
Cl"''

>i

■'") .
______ .............

""ooiifluoiieui'cniiiiEHDEiir

iluTii) LloretJ.nlirtibNjn .»-'i

□ ORIGINAL
ii
.V

: f r.*.' ■Vt

HI

O OFFICE COPY. DEPARTMENT OF BUILDINGS □ COPY
*Bpw:: wgtffimm*

=== page 376 ===
Case 25-11853-KBO    Doc 396-2    Filed 03/31/26    Page 376 of 551

!

■IjI^ t. Jj- ,' ^ll", v‘‘

:
i:

i ■
t'
*

It

I

i

■

!

T

r-
O
I

I

I ,o

CO
I

;\

i

:

I V

i
:

I
!

s

f
?

!
,-3

i«

1

♦
l
-’I

-• ih

!

I

:

i *
r *"•■

;
i
';i

‘ •. ''i -; ' ••'■
‘ 
,, ,,\>. 
M..
’.'■‘'if '•
\.', feij

Vi

fBIPK
i ■
r ■■ 
t-»*•••■?" 
1W' W
■;#

=== page 377 ===
Case 25-11853-KBO    Doc 396-2    Filed 03/31/26    Page 377 of 551

d».
w 
i1*
B£l2181Pi)0892

*
Deed

THIS INDENTURE made the

(O

/ day of December, 1998, between 
EDUCATIONAL BROADCASTING CORPORATION, a not-for-profit corporation chartered 
by the Board of Regents of the State of New York, having its principal office at 4S0 West 33rd 
Street, New York, New York 10001 (the “jQranlflt"), and HENRY HUDSON HOLDINGS LLC, 
a Delaware limited liability company having an address c/o Ian Schrager Hotels LLC, 47S Tenth 
Avenue, New York, NY 10018 (the Grantee"),

^IINESSEIH:

That the Grantor, in consideration of Ten ($10,00) Dollars and other good and valuable 
consideration paid by the Grantee, does hereby grant and release unto the Grantee, and the heirs, 
successors and assigns of the Grantee, forever:

The Condominium Unit (the “Unit") known as Unit No, 1 in the premises known as 333 
West 37th Street Condominium and by the street number 353-61 West 57th Street a/k/a 336 
West 58 Street, Borough of Manhattan, City, County and State of New York, the 
(“Condominium"'!- said Unit being designated and described as the EBC Unit in the Declaration 
establishing a plan for condominium ownership of said premises under Article 9-B of the Real 
Property Law of the State of New York (the “New York Condominium Act"'! dated April 11,

1985, and recorded in the New York County Office of the Register of the City of New York (the 
“Register’s Office"! on April 24,1985, in Reel 902, Page 1, as amended by First Amendment 
To Declaration dated January 19, 1993 and recorded in the Register’s Office on May 11,1993 
in Reel 1969, Page 2286 (said Declaration, as the same maybe amended from time to time, 
being hereinafter referred to as the “Declaration’*) and also designated as Tax Lot 1701 in Block

1048 of Section 4, of the Borough of Manhattan on the Tax Map of the Real Property 
Assessment Department of The City of New York and on the Floor Plans of said Building, 
certified by Butler Rogers Baskett Architects, on March 27,1985, and filed on April 22, 1985 
with the Real Property Assessment Department of The City of New York as Condominium Plan 
No. 208 and also filed on April 24, 1985 in the Register’s Office as Condominium Map No. 
4326, as amended by Amended Floor Plans certified by Butler Rogers Baskett Architects on 
December 12, 1992, which Amended Floor Plans were also filed in the Real Property 
Assessment Department of the City of New York on May 5,1993 as Condominium Plan No. 
208A (Amendment to Plan No. 208), and also filed in the Register’s Office on May 11,1993 as 
Condominium Map No. 5192. The premises within which the EBC Unit is located are more 
particularly described in Schedule A attached hereto and made a part hereof. All capitalized 
herein that are not separately defined herein shall have the meanings given to those terms in the 
Declaration or in the By-Laws of 353 West 57th Street Condominium. (Said By-Laws, as die 
same may be amended form time to time, are hereinafter referred to as the “By-Laws"):

Premises: 
353 West 57th Street
Commercial Unit #1

1

=== page 378 ===
Case 25-11853-KBO    Doc 396-2    Filed 03/31/26    Page 378 of 551

UKUlSTPGOSq]

TOGETHER with an undivided 44.0510S percent interest in the Common Elements;

TOGETHER with the Appurtenances and all the estate and the right of the Grantor in and
to the Unit;

TOGETHER with, and SUBJECT to, the rights, obligations, easements, restrictions and 
other provisions set forth in the Declaration and the By-Laws, all of which shall constitute 
covenants running with the land and shall bind any person having at any time any interest or 
estate in the Unit, as though recited and stipulated at length herein;

SUBJECT to such other Hens, agreement, covenants, easements, restrictions and other 
matters as pertain to the Unit and/or the Property.

TO HAVE AND TO HOLD the same unto the Grantee, and the heirs, successors and 
assigns of the Grantee, forever, and the Grantor covenants Grantor has not done or suffered 
anything whereby the Unit or the Property have been encumbered in any way whatever.

If any provision of the Declaration or the By-Laws is invalid or would cause the 
Declaration of the By-Laws to be insufficient to submit the Property to the provisions of the New 
York Condominium Act, or if any provision that is necessary to cause the Declaration and the 
By-Laws to submit that Property to the provisions of the New York Condominium Act is 
missing from the Declaration or the By-Laws, or if the Declaration and the By-Lavra are 
insufficient to submit the Property to the provisions of the New York Condominium Act, the 
appUcable provisions of Article 26 of the Declaration shall control.

The Grantor, in compliance with Section 13 of the Lien Law of the State of New York, 
covenants that the Grantor will receive the consideration for this conveyance and will hold the 
right to receive such consideration as a trust fund for the purposes of paying the cost of the 
improvement and will apply the same first to the payment of the cost of the improvement before 
using any part of the same for any other purpose.

The Grantee accepts and ratifies the provisions of the Declaration and the By-Laws (and 
, any Rules and Regulations adopted under the By-Laws) and agrees to comply with all the terms

ami provisions thereof.

The term “Grantee” shall be read as “Grantees” whenever the sense of this Indenture so
requires.

mfenAcd 
•Hu feciarattoio.
me 
(tai'* <’i 4My **

2

=== page 379 ===
Case 25-11853-KBO    Doc 396-2    Filed 03/31/26    Page 379 of 551

*-•
lj&2181P<!08<U

IN WITNESS WHEREOF, the Grantor and the Grantee have duly executed this 
Indenture as of the day and year first above written.

EDUCATIONAL BROADCASTING CORPORATION, 
Grantor«
t

Thomas A. Conway/7
Vice President and/Onief Financial Officer

HENRY HUDSON HOLDINGS LLC, 
Grantee

Name: Pc.'hc r A t\ l
Title: Atrttwtied SifAAtDty

I'i

i.

,y

3

=== page 380 ===
Case 25-11853-KBO    Doc 396-2    Filed 03/31/26    Page 380 of 551

Ka2181P608<l5

STATE OF NEW YORK )

)sa:
COUNTY OF NEW YORK)

On the day of December, 1998, before me, the undersigned, a notary public 
in and for the State of New York, personally appeared Thomas A. Conway, personally known 
to me or proved to me on the basis of satisfactory evidence to be the individual whoso name is 
subscribed to the within instrument and acknowledged to me that he executed the same in his 
capacity, and that by his signature on the instrument, the individual, or the person upon Mmif 
of which the individual acted, executed the instrument,

4m
^Notary Public 
" —
-"Hs®-**

Qualified In Nmmu County
Oemmlaaton EaptnM Oetstarll,
STATE OF NEW YORK )

)sss
COUNTY OF NEW YORK)

, personally

V
On the 
day of December, 1998, before me, the undersianed, a notary public
in and for the State of New York, personally appeared r£T&/ Ah* 
known to me or proved to me on the basis of satisfactory evidence to be the individual whose 
name is subscribed to the within instrument and acknowledged to me that he executed the same 
in his capacity, and that by his signature on the instrument, the individual; or the person upon 
behalf of which the individual acted, executed the instrument.

JT-WfyVGtv

Notary Public

elsSno{"/i "‘Vr 152
Notary Public, stale oi flfMyVh* 
. / r# 2
No. 01EUi0l873« VV>
QualllM* In Bioim cAftWsV 
St
•—

4

=== page 381 ===
Case 25-11853-KBO    Doc 396-2    Filed 03/31/26    Page 381 of 551

utaziBTPGoani
;•

SCHEDULEA

ALL that certain plot, piece or parcel of land, situate, lying and being in the Borough of 
Manhattan, City, County and State of New York, bounded and described as follows:

7.

BEGINNING at a point on the northerly side of 57th Street distant 20 feet easterly from the 
comer formed by the intersection of the easterly side of 9th Avenue with the northerly side of 
57th Street;

RUNNING THENCE Easterly along the said northerly side of S7th Street 155 feet;

THENCE Northerly parallel with 9th Avenue 200 feet 10 inches to the southerly side of 58th 
Street;

THENCE Westerly along the said southerly side of 58th Street 135 feet to the point distant 40 
feet easterly from the comer formed by the intersection of the southerly side of S8th Street with 
the easterly side of 9th Avenue;

THENCE Southerly parallel with 9th Avenue and part of the distant through a party wall 100 
feet 10 inches;

THENCE Westerly parallel more or less with 58th Street 20 feet;

THENCE Southerly and part of the way through another party wall 100 feet to the northerly side 
of S7th Street, the point or place of BEGINNING,

it

/•

5

=== page 382 ===
Case 25-11853-KBO    Doc 396-2    Filed 03/31/26    Page 382 of 551

'’*t 
*V %
CITY RKUSTIIV RKOOIIOINO AND ■NDORtKMBNT DAM

- NBW YORK COUNTY -
(Thl» page forma part oftha Inatrumont)

W*»9h»r
•*'*
>
1040
Rtoord A 
RMumto:
Biookd)
022
itrnn
1701
U Willi UR V
L0t«
THI«/Ag«rK Oompany mum: TitXi AwoolitM Xno,

Til* Company number: ta#98(01), 1101_________

UJ
AM f I 4 J
II’.

0INITNUMINT WAIINDORUD POR THB MOORO AB FOUOWBi
THIPORBOCtfl

Eximlrwdbyt*): fera_
uooaas
OHy RigUlir 
SertilNumbw *
MtgiTax 8«rM No..

Mtga Amount___

Maxad . 
VHWCt'

vmi
$
By (4:
<rr
r-

$
cr

Taxibt* Amount_

oo

Bloc^i) and Lot(i) varilM by (/): aS?

YES □ NO □
CD
Exemption (✓)
i ts

Addnwa..J—.Q^ 
Tm Map____ Q

■ o~

p~
Typo:
^WEE] [288 ] [OTHER____ ]
Extra Btoot^i)
Lot(i)
• CO
mmgg

Rtoordtog F««

* ^
[ma] [al [<»•]
Dwalllng Typo:
mom omit

AIMavttF*#___________

TAX REOSnrOD ON ABOVE MORTOAOB ▼

County (baslo)___

TF*5e4^82FM4V)-
RPTT Fm------(R)... 1$

City(Addtl)____

HPO-A---

Spec Addtl
a
HPP.Q----- -Q
(

Now Yort; Stan Root Estate tnmslor Tax ▼

fjrta
TA8F
$

MTA
Serial . 
Number +
3071118
NYCTA

$
R 0078
TOTALTAX___

New York City Real 
Property Traneter Tax 
Serial Number ■»

Apportionment Mortgage (/) YES Q NO Q

New York Stall 
QalrwTax
Serial Number M
Joy A. Bobtow, Oily RogMir

RECORDED IN NEW YORK COUNTY 
OFFICE OF THE CIIY REGISTER

JWJAN-S A 4 32

>«
s
s
s
*
w
■ii

Wltneee My Hand Mid Ottaial Seal
a At**
7T
S'£r

=5
m
o*H s

=== page 383 ===
Case 25-11853-KBO    Doc 396-2    Filed 03/31/26    Page 383 of 551

Pi

g^a
»^r-’
m
m
1s rV'j
.-.rrr.riaKS: 
!Ft£J)Urg,

«r9^rife5g^

iii,
--cttcriiSs-a
Tg&kZij.

Htt ? 81| I raiB54

t^v*.y.
s
a
■jg^B
Pg
r7!T

2S
H
i /
^Ife
o
DEED
s

/

THIS INDENTURE made the
m£mm
s

fegriftoj

;£

'S3

IV
___ 
day of February,
1999 between IAN SCHRAGER HOTELS LLC (f/k/a WEST 57T,r 
LLC), a Nev/ York limited liability company, having an 
address at c/o Ian Schrager Hotels LLC, 475 Tenth Avenue, 
New York, New York 10018 (the “Grantor"), and HENRY 
HUDSON HOLDINGS LLC, a Delaware limited liability com­
pany, having an address at c/o Ian Schrager Hotels LLC, 
475 Tenth Avenue, New York, New York 10018 (the 
“Grantee11) .

mm
sseas

IX
iur.izm*

3Mm
ifeSi
MIXUSZ&BIH:
That the Grantor, in consideration of Ten ($10.00) 
Dollars and other good and valuable consideration paid by 
the Grantee, does hereby grant and release unto the 
' Grantee, and the heirs, successors and assigns of the 
Grantee, forever:

£3
i
5;*

Mmmi
ittfll

8 !

Kfsplpl
ilrA
iifiii
siHii
sSSS®
feSSSsZffi

S2332.
fffl

W‘
lr3£!
||||||§|§
I®
Spsp

The Condominium Unit (the "Unit") known as Unit No.
2 in the premises known as 353 West 57th Street Condomin­
ium and by the street number 353-61 West 57th Street 
a/k/a 356 West 58 Street, Borough of Manhattan, City, 
County and State of New York (the “Condominium11), said 
Unit being designated and described as the Modified Hotel 
Unit in the Declaration establishing a plan for condomin­
ium ownership of said premises under Article 9-B of the 
Real Property Law of the State of New York (the “New York 
Condominium Act11) dated 4/11/85, and recorded in the New 
York County Office of the Register of the City of New 
York on 4/24/85, in Reel 902, Page l, as amended by First 
Amendment To Declaration dated 1/29/93 and recorded on 
5/11/93 in Reel 1969, Page 2286 (said Declaration dated 
as the same may he amended from time to time, being 
hereinafter referred to as the "Declaration*1) and also 
designated as Tax Lot 1702 in Block 1048 of Section 4, of 
the Borough of Manhattan on the Tax Map of the Real 
Property Assessment Department of The City of New York 
and on the Floor Plans of said Building, certified by 
Butler Rogers Baskett Architects, on 3/27/85, and also 
filed with the Real Property Assessment Department of The 
City of New York as Condominium Plan No. 208, Map No. 
4326, and Plan No. 208A (Amendment to Plan No. 208), Map 
No. 5192 respectively on 4/22/85, and on 5/5/93. The

mmSm
WmsM

TVrffiWnl
2a?gggj
Vo-k ymvuf SA
t)ratr. loMastv 11, 
- lila tW

M
B
mmsarg
'-TfS^Ct.

811
Vsspif
p
35*? Wefh STtt* srrcc.^ ; Un.-f Z
■d
■.erxfiFjj
:
mm
“^sfiaart
fis?

r
iTIii
ii
*
=
itSttl

.....
mmmmmm
i.....
?
—w —
7..;;
Wm
mummimw.

=== page 384 ===
Case 25-11853-KBO    Doc 396-2    Filed 03/31/26    Page 384 of 551

WSjmSSI.
wimmm
mmjmmm
&£W§.
mm

g§
S3
llPSSilli
iiP=s^l®SSl3pK
«»

ypv
Kfl281| I n I 855
mm
wKm
?!»<
=;:

Is
am

MM

PP
■sim
Sfes-p:r
sw
premises within which the Unit is located is more partic­
ularly described in Schedule A attached hereto and made a 
part hereof. All capitalized terms herein that are not 
separately defined herein^shall have the meanings given 
to those terms in the Declaration or in the By-Laws of 
353 West 57th Street Condominium. (Said By-Laws, as the 
same may be amended frum time to time, are hereinafter 
referred to as the "By-Laws11) i

TOGETHER with an undivided 46.94011 percent interest 
in the Common Elements,-

TOGETHER with the appurtenances and all the estate 
and right of the Grantor in and to the Unit;

3
in
jpsa
mm

m.-:
iGmm
WS
m

Eg';P

TOGETHER with, and SUBJECT to, the rights, obliga­
tions, easements, restrictions and other provisions set 
forth in the Declaration and the By-Laws, all of which 
shall constitute covenants running with the land and 
shall bind any person having at any time any interest or 
estate in the Unit, as though recited and stipulated at 
length herein,-

pip:
pisf

W-

SUBJECT to such other liens, agreement, covenants, 
easements, restrictions and other matters as pertain to 
the Unit and/or the Property.

X
p
fci -
jjjll
iil
BE&i

TO HAVE AND TO HOLD the same unto the Grantee, and 
the heirs, successors and assigns of the Grantee, forev-

mrks£

rFfX

%£-\
Spill
eMpBis

,v

isssl

^vmsks
er.
mmM
If any provision of the Declaration or the By-Laws 
is invalid or would cause the Declaration or the By-Laws 
to be insufficient to submit the Property to the provi­
sions of the New York Condominium Act, or if any provi­
sion that is necessary to cause the Declaration and the 
By-Laws to submit the Property to the provisions of the 
New York Condominium Act is missing from the Declaration 
or the By-Laws, or if the Declaration and the,By-Laws are 
insufficient to submit the Property to the provisions of 
the New York Condominium Act, the applicable provisions 
of Article 26 of the Declaration shall control.

um&t

SflSBL. I
H.!
The Grantor covenants that the Grantor has not done 
or suffered anything to be done whereby, the Unit has 
been encumbered in any way whatever, except as aforesaid.

m
o

2
2?r€8?\iOt*N«w *iork Server fcA
r»Mi,HrY 11* 1999 - 7j42 PM
srsasx'r ;r

mm

F^TT
m

fcij
afffl?i£rn
mm sUa
mm
m
liMiilliglStiBSg

ZirjyM
smmmsm

m
iti

Sr, •• 
•,.us#iw;
.**« ■'-^r.. 
'J-'tt1. rrrTU ae-.ASfRK'I.'La

issaili
mMzikmmsL;
m

=== page 385 ===
Case 25-11853-KBO    Doc 396-2    Filed 03/31/26    Page 385 of 551

&£tn2ms!tigl& 
iM/W*' ’■ '^■•i‘t£.'

g'BafeT'S>yjBB^CT;'Tr::,jffg^pS^’iginfe«y/.6iB^|^ggteag:-i-rg
^fK-rr—S^-
m
E®~*

rem.

ii">S3i?r ■
f.EEi.28iJ I Pt I 85b
am

3?

jjfrigy
m■k;.
i
m
mm1
iPPPliS

5H
Ths Grantor, in compliance with Section 13 of the 
Lien Law of the State of New York, covenants that the 
Grantor will receive the consideration for this convey- 
ance and will hold the right to receive such consider­
ation as a trust fund for the purposes of paying the cost, 
of the improvement and will apply the same first to the 
payment of the cost of the improvement before using any 
part of the same for any other purpose.

sip

The Grantee accepts and ratifies the provisions of 
the Declaration and the By-Laws (and any Rules and Regu­
lations adopted under the By-Laws) and agrees to comply 
with all the terms and previsions thereof.

~

The term "Grantee" shall be read as "Grantees" 
whenever the sense of this Deed so requires.

1

This unit is intended for commercial use.

-■]

Sail
spurn
iiiiiS
ggligg
lisll
MB

||igp

0. *

mm

I .

‘Tit

ui«W*V -i

:wm^m
•VWJ'-.SV-.-T!!

:W?‘

/j

I:

811111

f

• 'r‘v$0bY?l
r'm
' .-Mi:
■mi
mi
‘tfl-rff r'..

-
3
(aia^aa

. ':?ci
,02-New York .^tY. f (;A
Dlnf^ r**bt*iary li, 1,95 • ^i42 Wt

. . SjSf:

CTgggS

Eilffl

' ’-ttek 
; .. :0.

'■ M®1
: 
*rv4-i r't-f-

i‘.r
l«3»ry:

rt^tte.-TT,:
^3

,v.:'mp^
s
Kfcft

mimm
i

Lw-' • - ' 
. i.

Tr-r-...................
™^feaas
®a

Sw
jgBMmm
amggHMaggmsi
gfcS

=== page 386 ===
Case 25-11853-KBO    Doc 396-2    Filed 03/31/26    Page 386 of 551

ryy
xxszz.
-’M&
ittSS&S
memm
M
i

mmmmSSm
m^ryr-n
:rm
ZW8
S^StZySiS.

i-f .'•-£$■

jiff
FfEI. ? 81| IP5 f 8 51
^3

»£:.■.>

l
m
m
Wm
mm

53?
f;r

r .*
zi*hti
IM WITNESS WHEREOF, the Grantor and the Grantee have 
duly executed this Indenture as o£ the day and year first 
above written.
Hitettiti

«3

■f?
US

fe-
S4S3
IAN SCHRAGER HOTELS LLC,

Grantor
:< «

T&xr&xA
j0m

By i
Name* 
/H> /
Titlei f.ictocn'UJt J'i 1 •l'’*J0ry
‘
nr>ri

KSSfeSS;
1- ffv'► UJrV-iV-i

HENRY HUDSON HOLDINGS LLC,

Grantee
111
7s-4<2LSL
By t
H
Name« fr&UC Ah i 
Title*AKThini^d Sipnalofy
r.
pB
fes

i.
Si
p-
•■/fW

p-
te".

fraSHg*!

'>4^1

rf-.*

T^

• Sfe^cT.

iV
;
MW
SSSiSlpi

£■'

«/■

;-ss^
■Hr
mtamt
jaK^lrp/gi^Bg

7!r; -;r’.

—'_v *_*L#
' »»
.'’!!

5??;
■y

V
. 4»..{
r

ggi^

*. ^
ijyggigpg
'±U£j£ri^&i£^SS

:®

•LJ^£3.
4
»
•®1i
*r*4..::-flow YorkitA

,,;iit

iss
ie'r£3$§?M:
"r:A
m
rra^j.
bS^IS
1-35*31
eng^nraa

fffl
1
£r|Sffl
IggsjR

..............v>—i
^ZamS
ism-.i&sv

SimimMrfAhtaViWilW'.cafia 
g*. iM

R»1
IlffiP
T-f-3»fjrr.‘:r
..... .^Wiffi£irisfeiteteS&
^pg^pS^^i! LT.r.. •.
.....
EjfihaifeS
^jife»2rSi
^::'.:r.v..r
^Mrasssi?

•t—.* .* ;r*S7ir~?3 j>» :v.* f~b~« ^s-T*t4i.Tr^?.,-neraej

=== page 387 ===
Case 25-11853-KBO    Doc 396-2    Filed 03/31/26    Page 387 of 551

ilMMg
mW^mmfmmm^i^mmm

^7tt<Ti!3I
mm
g
*rg
i

i^vS

BSg^ftnstS^^afeKt^igr^r&yZ&t!'JPis£f£i&i!S!!g m »««. -—.
_ ._ --------- . j. — . . i.........-jt-- . __ -._ 
u->T- i. -js.-finr.-ii ri--£.w^i ■ ^3**S2-i

H I
n
«?*► 'i»**T*-'* <*V?if»Tr»^'
■t^rorw
jJ^tJ
Is
as
mi. ? B l) I P! I 8 5 8

=gg.gja
fp,4i

■ 15

rtiS
•J Kafc
STATE OF NEW YORK
),
ISTT

) ss.
sill
rjgfli
COUNTY OF NEW YORK )
mizz

11|

On t-.he /p>^ day of February in the year 1999 before 
roe, the undersigned, a notary public in and for said state,
personally appeared ^g-WWfv\A\._ _ _ _ , personally known to
roe or proved to me on the oasis of satisfactory evidence to be 
the individual whose name is subscribed to the within instru­
ment and acknowledged to me that he/sho/fehey executed the same 
in his/hee/their capacity, and that by his/her/their signature 
on the instrument, the individual, or the person upon behalf 
of which the individual acted, executed the instrument.

Mm
IhSi
fapl
mm
mm.i

/yv^O.

^$.&A%A,L*J‘r' 
2$. (jJx d.&J-tZ/
Notary Public 
My commission expiress
P

i

[Notary Seal]
mm
*;uili;iv;„ wv.ivm 
Neuiy !Jubllc, oi Kt/i Yu'l.
- 
mMM'.-rlM
^ Qmllfod m Quoen< « «>mh*v
(tonmlMJOft Kxplra* now. ?, ?<&.>
wm
~Li -i 
i4
mm
issaas^
STATE OF NEW YORK )
m
■sm
mm
"imt

ffa
Sm
wm

H

ivfiiSn

) ss.
COUNTY OF NEW YORK )
1
On the tyfc day of February in the year 1999 before 
me, the undersigned, a notary public in and for said state, 
personally appeared Peter W. Ahl, personally known to me or 
proved to me on the basis of satisfactory evidence to be the 
individual whose name is subscribed to the within instrument 
and acknowledged to me that he/stoe/they executed the same in 
his/hasAheir capacity, and that by his/her/therir signature on 
the instrument, the individual, or the person upon behalf of 
which the individual acted, executed the instrument.

mmm

My commission expirest

SB
mm
[Notary Seal]

'."'A*. I ic . ' 
flotluy J-Ufil':,:

HO, 
.
Quatlriori In Ciuclus r 
CommiMiou 
Nov. <.

STATE OF NEW YORK )

)
SS.
COUNTY OF NEW YORK )
tSS

wm,

5
*•'(*>:.c■-n*w r^iki^A
r^vii
i

iill

^‘vl

■SMvM
■

r -JtmfU,
* *
ip
mmrnrnm

feYy^^^Mj™ss3g^^^^aS;55jff1ga-g:jiSiS'g>gi:sj775:5gS'5??Ss-;-5-5'!j;7-v-AfSj»a5v7TSj"g£j5tBS.jgg^:g;-gfeigg;sjgESfc^f-. ^BisSS

=== page 388 ===
Case 25-11853-KBO    Doc 396-2    Filed 03/31/26    Page 388 of 551

wmsam
jgSi
Hsi

mmam

SK^r.TOfUf^^S^fn^SSI
!*U?S
Si£j~M
i&i
:■*{
m

i&5£b<S&
mmm

i3Sj
Ha ? 8 4 IP81 8 5 <1
xfsar
zr?r?g!^s
wpwi

FH
vgim
^ssg

T"—^

’ 
t-T- rnrzjlz ~
msm
zimmid
mmm
SSB
lllii
mmm
mspi
wmA
liSJSEQisS?;
wm
tea
wi&M.

;-Sy

■ygttkwsfcj
mmmsz
M
ipl

SCHEDULE A
M
fill
ALL that certain plot,' piece or parcel of land, situate, lying 
and being in the Borough of Manhattan, city, County and State , 
of New York, bounded and described as followsi
BEGINNING at a point on the northerly side of 57th Street 
distant 20 feet easterly from the corner formed by the inter* 
section of the easterly side of 9th Avenue and with the north­
erly side of 57th Street;
RUNNING THENCE Easterly along the said northerly side of 57th 
Street 155 feet;
THENCE Northerly parallel with 9th Avenue 200 feet 10 inches 
to the southerly side of 58th Street;
THENCE Westerly along the said southerly side of 58th Street 
135 feet to a point distant 40 feet easterly from the corner 
formed by the intersection of the southerly side of 58th 
Street with the easterly side of 9th Avenue;
THENCE Southerly parallel with 9th Avenue and part of the 
distant through a party wall 100 feet 10 inches;
THENCE Westerly parallel more or less with 58th Street 20 
feet;
THENCE Southerly and part of the way through another party 
v/all 100 feet to the northerly side of 57th Street, the point 
or place of BEGINNING.

?MSm
ffiil

ssggsZp.

-rVifh
w
i
sfc'srs/*'.??"
mm
eS

vrr ■

n
Yotk^A
mman
IWim
W
mm
.-jff
-■•rim
MM
MM

ftjM
auiii
wBM
res;

______________*-■ • • -.......................... -------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------

£K»S?
^ar;
1^£
-v» h
aTOE^srearya

—-

=== page 389 ===
Case 25-11853-KBO    Doc 396-2    Filed 03/31/26    Page 389 of 551

Zx!'>

ffeg
ESliafil
__________ __ ____ —----- — 
U
ns

a^SasfijL,
rxtfr
?SrXir;.,;v

SB»»-

J PP

.-rr^

M’SHVlBbo

P«
mm

CITY REGISTER RECORDING AND ENDORSEMENT PAGE

- NEW YORK COUNTY -
{This pane forms part of the instrument)

^ir.tr^i
avy*-.
JTas?
Sffe;
^^Tnr.-Jr

' vT>r-f.v:rgq
ffiil

Vf
Wrii-^:3s
BtocR(s>: _. J 048.

RttURN TO:

Lot(s): 
1.702
@35
WSm
NAME *
Neil L. Rock, Esq.
3Hadden,Arps.Slate.Meaoer<Flom LLP
ADDRESS v
919 Third Avenue

HP *

STATE T

10022

city "~ 
""
New York, New York
t&dm
m
r
RECORD &

^^•rtAfiaZ
EES
Title Associates
Title/Agent Company Nanw. Inc. 
___
P®
SSHf

wm
HtfeCompany NumbonTAitO9 ( 01) 054
nfiiigaaa
W

jgjg

■■■mkuXSQEXSS
THE FOnS^^HNS

EKdirrfnad by (■'•): ~7 
—
ipKS
fctJtifJ
TRUMEMT WAS ENDORSED FOR THE RECORD AS FOLLOWS:

MwSF?
J13562
CHyEtoWWer 
Sartsi Number
grMtg
Mtge Tax Sarial No. ____

Mlg« Amount .....$

Verifiad
3y(•*): 
___
m«Rxad.« 
By </.): (V
.c-v

Taxablo Amount

1(a) wAmd
$
1>**
Block(s) and lot(S)«
i>y(/
Hi
Pis
YES U
NO □
Exemption (✓)
Tax Map .........□
/r Mi'< faiB
Address

fiTiint
roa
Dwelling Type:
Recording Foe.

■tMmSr,--^
Typo:
^ [ssseej r 268 ] [OTHER___ ..J
Lot(s)___
Extra BlncKO)
WIRO^eOM
^1$
f

[llo2j [9 1 [4l#Sj [oVMSj
/i.

Affidavit Pee.....(C)

TP-584/582 Fee (Y)

l T'jiTV, -/.'J
TAX RBCBIVeO ON ABOVE MORTOAOE ▼
si
WS?'rf
.VJ
VMJ&t
sss^
County (basic)....

RPTT Fee.

CHy <AddTl).........

HPO-C—!—□
HPD-A ■

SpocAddfl ........
sy-

f.V>
gfefe
iiffiiil

New Yort State Real Estate Tra
a Transfer
MZ

003792
MtA........

NYCTA ....

:

New York City Rea) 
Property Transler Tax 
Serial Number Hw-
TOTAL TAX

fr-i*
Serial
Number hin*
i. -
..s>
F^WI
______ to

Ofy-t
■32.00

Apportionment Mortgage (/) YES Q NO O

i.0/)[L CBtiR RKPT Mir IMF 
1 .5189? Hir lj:w 1*111

1-
aoy A. Dcbiu/y. City RflQiulftr

1 ■
New York State 
Gains Tax
Serial Number *►

Tax ▼
»w5
$____
TASF ........
RfeK
$
mam. 
■SSL
an
E8BS’
jmssStjSsm:

RECORDED IN NEW YORK COUNTY

OFFICE OF THE CITY REGISTER
"

m

Baer-fe
Me®:

f
I'm!....: ..., , ■ .J: :2
WUiirbs My l limd nrul OlTlclal Sonl . 
.
a a^w

7iT3Sr
#?
8
m
1131

smMlS 
Mmml 
pfe§3|a
mm?

U
City KoKister
b||
•8 * H • Ofl»
a

l>.. a i.. s « ■’ 1 /.-•-• j-.a
ftf-i
isMa

Zfg;
WMmmM
Eftfcd
mg#.
m
iS
m

..............

ei

CT
'i
J
gjl

-tiM
34 V
4*
r-t.
.. . J *

’W$*n, 
zsmv.'tA
StSfrW

■. 
-* --v .rj:•-“.-r-sv.-i.■ ,'rfrr-T-r.vj^'2

=== page 390 ===
Case 25-11853-KBO    Doc 396-2    Filed 03/31/26    Page 390 of 551

NYC DEPARTMENT OF FINANCE

OFFICE OF THE CITY REGISTER

Document Date: 11 -24-2020

This page is part of the instrument. The City 
Register will rely on the information provided 
by you on this page for purposes of indexing 
this instrument. The information on this page 
will control for indexing purposes in the event 
of any conflict with the rest of the document.
2020120200374002002E7430
RECORDING AND ENDORSEMENT COVER PAGE
PAGE 1 OF 11
Preparation Date: 12-02-2020
Document ID: 2020120200374002
Document Type: DEED, OTHER 
Document Page Count: 10

RETURN TO:
WEIL GOTSHAL & MANGES LLP 
767 FIFTH AVE 
DAVID HERMAN ESQ 
NEW YORK, NY 10153

PRESENTER:
FIRST AMERICAN TITLE INSURANCE CO NCS
666 THIRD AVENUE
3020-990850NY IAS
NEW YORK, NY 10017
212-850-0652
ASCARPA@FIRSTAM.COM

PROPERTY DATA 
Unit Address
Borough
MANHATTAN

353 WEST 57TH STREET

Block Lot
1048 
1701 Entire Lot 1
Property Type: COMMERCIAL CONDO UNIT(S)

Unit
Address
Borough
MANHATTAN
2
353 WEST 57TH STREET

Block Lot
1048 
1702 Entire Lot
Property Type: COMMERCIAL CONDO UNIT(S)

CROSS REFERENCE DATA

Reel____Page
or File Number
CRFN
DocumentID
Year
or
or

PARTIES
GRANTOR:
HENRY HUDSON HOLDINGS, EEC

131 SPRING STREET, 4TH FLOOR, SUITE 401-2
NEW YORK, NY 10012

GRANTEE:
EC 58TH STREET EEC
C/O: ELDRIDGE INDUSTRIES EEC, 600 STEAMBOAT 
ROAD, SUITE 200 
GREENWICH, CT 06830

FEES ANfD TAXES

Filing Fee:
Mortgage :
Mortgage Amount:
$
250.00
$
0.00
Taxable Mortgage Amount:
NYC Real Property Transfer Tax:
$
0.00
Exemption:
7,053,998.07
$
TAXES: County (Basic):
$
0.00
NYS Real Estate Transfer Tax:
City (Additional):
$
0.00
$
1,746,706.00
Spec (Additional):
$
0.00
RECORDED OR FILED IN THE OFFICE
TASF:
$
0.00
^*!**^OF the city register of the

CITY OF NEW YORK
MTA:
$
0.00
NYCTA:
$
0.00
Recorded/Filed
12-04-2020 14:27
-4
Hi#*
SgS-n •, % 4
Additional MRT:
$
0.00
>7;

City Register File No.(CRFN):
TOTAL:
$
0.00
2020000344628
Recording Fee:
$
90.00
ISy
Affidavit Fee:
$
0.00
7
City Register Official Signature

=== page 391 ===
Case 25-11853-KBO    Doc 396-2    Filed 03/31/26    Page 391 of 551

PEED IN LIEU OF FORECLOSURE

This INDENTURE, made the day of November, two thousand and twenty

BETWEEN

BDENRY HUDSON HOLDINGS, LLC, a Delaware limited liability company, having 
an address at 131 Spring Street, 4th Floor, New York, New York,

party of the first part, and

EC 58th STREET LLC, a Delaware limited liability company, having an address at 
600 Steamboat Road, Greenwich, Connecticut,

party of the second part,

WITNESSETH, that the party of the first part, in consideration of Ten Dollars ($10.00) 
and other good and valuable consideration paid by the party of the second part, does 
hereby grant and release unto the party of the second part, the heirs or successors and 
assigns of the party of the second part forever,

ALL that certain plot, piece or parcel of land, with the buildings and improvements 
thereon erected, described on Exhibit A hereto:
Tax Map 
Designation:

See Exhibit A attached hereto and incorporated herein by this reference (the 
“Premises”!
Block.: 1048

Lot(s): 1701

and 1702

TOGETHER with all right, title and interest, if any, of the party of the first part in and 
to any streets and roads abutting the above described Premises to the center lines thereof;

TOGETHER with the appurtenances and all the estate and rights of the party of the 
first part in and to said Premises;

TO HAVE AND TO HOLD the Premises herein granted unto the party of the second 
part, the heirs or successors and assigns of the party of the second part forever;

9283/16226-002 CURRENT/119832177V4
©

=== page 392 ===
Case 25-11853-KBO    Doc 396-2    Filed 03/31/26    Page 392 of 551

AND the party of the first part, in compliance with Section 13 of the Lien Law, 
covenants that the party of the first part will receive the consideration for this conveyance 
and will hold the right to receive such consideration as a trust fund to be applied first for 
the purpose of paying the cost of the improvements and will apply the same first to the 
payment of the cost of the improvement before using any part of the total of the same 
for any other purpose;

AND the party of the first part and the party of the second part (by its acceptance of this 
Deed) acknowledge and agree that it is their mutual intent that the conveyances and 
transfers pursuant to this Deed do not and shall not effect a merger of (i) Holliday Park, 
LLC and its interest in the Property under the mortgages set forth on Exhibit B attached 
hereto with (ii) the party of the second part’s interest in the Property pursuant to this 
Deed. The party of the first part acknowledges and agrees that this is the (i) the free and 
voluntary act of the party of the first part, (ii) the conveyance is intended to be an 
absolute, unconditional and irrevocable conveyance and (iii) the consideration is fair and 
adequate and is of reasonably equivalent value.

The word “party” shall be construed as if it read “parties” whenever the sense of this 
indenture so requires.

[Signature Page Follows.]

9283/16226-002 CURRENT/119832177V4

=== page 393 ===
Case 25-11853-KBO    Doc 396-2    Filed 03/31/26    Page 393 of 551

IN WITNESS WHEREOF, the party of the first part has duly executed this deed the day and 
year first above written.

HENRY HUDSON HOLDINGS, LLC

By: 
Hudson Delano Senior Mezz LLC,
its sole member

By: 
Hudson Delano Junior Mezz LLC,

its sole member

By: 
Morgans Group, LLC,
its sole member

By: 
Morgans Hotel Group Co. LLC,

its sole member

By: 
SBE ENT Holdings, LLC,
its sole member

By.
Name: PhilippeS£{ihen J 
Title: Chief Business^officer

NJeu Vocic
State of

) ss.:
County of
Voeit

On the 13 day of Kloyewpn in the year 2020 before me, the undersigned personally appeared

fy'urpf ZiudgM

personally known to me or proved to me on the basis of 
satisfactory evidence to be the individual(s) whose name(s) is (are) subscribed to the within 
instrument and acknowledged to me that he/she/they executed the same in his/her/their 
capacity(ies), and that by his/her their signature(s) on the instrument, the individual(s), or the 
person upon behalf of which the individual(s) acted, executed the instrument.

idual

SARA ELIZABETH COOY
Notary Pubflc, State of Naw Ybfk

tu^eapd Office of indwjj 
t acknowledgment

Signa
taking

No. 91006405567 
QuaNfedinNew York Countv 
CorniMonEj^pfeM March 9^2024

[Signature Page to Bargain and Sale Deed in Lieu of Foreclosure]

=== page 394 ===
Case 25-11853-KBO    Doc 396-2    Filed 03/31/26    Page 394 of 551

BARGAIN AND SALE DEED WITHOUT 
COVENANT AGAINST GRANTOR’S ACT

TITLE
NO.

SECTION:
BLOCK: 1048
LOT(S): 1701 and 1702
COUNTY OR TOWN: New York County
TAX BILLING ADDRESS:
TO

c/o Eldridge Industries, LLC 
600 Steamboat Road, 
Greenwich, Connecticut 06830
EC 58th STREET LLC, a Delaware limited liability 
company

RECORD AND RETURN BY MAIL TO:

Weil, Gotshal & Manges LLP 
767 Fifth Avenue 
New York, NY 10153 
Attention: David Herman, Esq.

9283/;!6226-002 CURRENT/119832177V4

=== page 395 ===
Case 25-11853-KBO    Doc 396-2    Filed 03/31/26    Page 395 of 551

EXHIBIT A

Premises

PARCEL I (Unit 1 a/k/a EBC Unit. Lot 17011:

The Condominium Unit (hereinafter referred to as the "Unit") known as Unit 1, also known as EBC 
Unit, in the building (hereinafter referred to as the "Building") known as 353 West 57th Street

Condominium and by the street number 353 West 57th Street, New York, New York, said Unit being 
designated and described in a certain Declaration dated 4/11/1985 made by Irving Schatz pursuant to 
Article 9-B of the Real Property Law of the State of New York establishing a plan for condominium 
ownership of the Building and the land (hereinafter referred to as the "Land") upon which the building 
is situated (which land is morn particularly described below), and which Declaration was recorded in 
the Office of the City Register, New York County on 4/24/1985 in Heel 902 Page 1 and amended by 
First Amendment to Declaration dated 1/29/1993 and recorded 5/11/1993 in Reel 1969 Page 2286, 
further amended by Amended and Restated Declaration made by Henry Hudson Holdings LLC, Irving 
Schatz, Adrienne Wechsler and Cheryl Hirsch dated as of 2/12/1999 and recorded 7/16/1999 in Reel 
2913 Page 1753 and Amendment to Amended and Restated Declaration dated as of 9/30/1999, 
recorded 10/27/1999 in Reel 2979 Page 2159 (which declaration, as amended, is hereinafter referred 
to as the "Declaration"). Said Unit is also designated as Tax Lot 1701 in Block 1048 of Section 4 of 
the Borough of Manhattan on the Tax Map of the Real Property Assessment Department of the City 
Of New York and on the Floor Plans of the Building, Certified by Butler Rogers Basket! Architects, 
on 3/27/1985 and filed in the Real Property Assessment Department of the City of New York on 
4/22/1985 as Condominium Plan No. 208 and also filed in the New York County Register’s Office 
on 4/24/1985 as Condominium Map No. 4326, as amended by amended Floor Plans Certified by 
Butler Rogers Basket! Architects, on 12/14/1992, which amended Floor Plans were filed in the Real 
Property Assessment Department of the City of New York on 5/5/1993 as Condominium Plan No. 
208A and also filed in the New York County Register’s Office on 5/11/1993 as Condominium Map 
No. 5192.

Together with an undivided 44.05105% interest in the common elements (as such term is defined in 
The Declaration).

PARCEL H (Unit 2 a/k/a Modified Hotel Unit. Lot 17021;

The Condominium Unit (hereinafter referred to as the "Unit") known as Unit 2, also known as 
Modified Hotel Unit, in the building (hereinafter referred to as the "Building") known as 353 West 
57th Street Condominium and by the street number 353 West 57th Street, New York, New York, said 
Unit being designated and described in a certain Declaration dated 4/11/1985 made by Irving Schatz 
pursuant to Article 9-B of the Real Property Law of the State of New York establishing a plan for

condominium ownership of the Building and the land (hereinafter referred to as the "Land") upon 
which the building is situated (which land is more particularly described below), and which 
Declaration was recorded in the Office of the City Register, New York County on 4/24/1985 in Reel

902 Page 1 and amended by First Amendment to Declaration dated 1/29/1993 and recorded 5/11/1993 
in Reel 1969 Page 2286, further amended by Amended and Restated Declaration made by Henry 
Hudson Holdings LLC, Irving Schatz, Adrienne Wechsler and Cheryl Hirsch dated as of 2/12/1999 
and recorded 7/16/1999 in Reel 2913 Page 1753 and Amendment to Amended and Restated 
Declaration dated as of 9/30/ll999, recorded 10/27/1999 in Reel 2979 Page 2159 (which declaration, 
as amended, is hereinafter referred to as the "Declaration"). Said Unit is also designated as Tax Lot

9283/16226-002 CURRENT/119832177V4

=== page 396 ===
Case 25-11853-KBO    Doc 396-2    Filed 03/31/26    Page 396 of 551

1702 in Block 1048 of Section 4 of the Borough of Manhattan on the Tax Map of the Real Property 
Assessment Department of the City Of New York and on the Floor Plans of the Building, Certified 
by Butler Rogers Baskett Architects, on 3/27/1985 and filed in the Real Property Assessment 
Department of the City of New York on 4/22/1985 as Condominium Plan No. 208 and also filed in 
the New York County Register’s Office on 4/24/1985 as Condominium Map No. 4326, as amended 
by amended Floor Plans Certified by Butler Rogers Baskett Architects, on 12/14/1992, which 
amended Floor Plans were filed in the Real Property Assessment Department of the City of New York 
on 5/5/1993 as Condominium Plan No. 208A and also filed in the New York County Register’s Office 
on 5/11/1993 as Condominiurp Map No. 5192.

Together with an undivided 46.94011% interest in the common elements (as such term is defined in 
the Declaration).

Which Condominium Units are located on the land described below:

All that certain plot, piece or parcel of land, situate, lying and being in the Borough of Manhattan, 
City, County and State of New York, bounded and described as follows:

BEGINNING at a point on the northerly side of 57th Street, distant 20 feet easterly from the 
corner formed by the intersection of the easterly side of Ninth Avenue with the northerly side of 
57th Street;

RUNNING THENCE easterly along the said northerly side of 57th Street, 155 feet;

THENCE northerly parallel with Ninth Avenue, 200 feet 10 inches to the southerly side of 58th 
Street;

THENCE westerly along the said southerly side of 58th Street, 135 feet to a point distant 40 feet 
easterly from the comer formed by the intersection of the southerly side of 58th Street with the 
easterly side of Ninth Avenue;

THENCE southerly parallel with Ninth Avenue and part of the distance through a party wall, 100 
feet 10 inches;

THENCE westerly parallel more or less with 58th Street, 20 feet; and

THENCE southerly and part of the way through another party wall, 100 feet to the northerly side 
of 57th Street, the point or place of BEGINNING.

356 West 58th Street
New York, New York 10019
Block 1048, Lots 1701 and 1702

9283/16226-002 CURRENT/119832177V4

=== page 397 ===
Case 25-11853-KBO    Doc 396-2    Filed 03/31/26    Page 397 of 551

Exhibits

Mortgages

MORTGAGE ’A’

T

AMENDED AND RESTATED REPLACEMENT MORTGAGE A made by HENRY HUDSON 
HOLDINGS LLC, MORGANS HOLDINGS LLC, AND ROYALTON, LLC to WACHOVIA 
BANK, NATIONAL ASSOCIATION in the amount of $217,000,000.00 dated 10/6/2006, 
recorded 12/11/2006 as CRFN 2006000679014.

[NOTE-THIS MORTGAGE DERIVED FROM A NOTE AND MORTGAGE SEVERANCE 
AGREEMEENTRECORDED 12/11/2006 AS CRFN200600067901]

PARTIAL RELEASE OF MORTGAGE made by and between HENRY HUDSON HOLDINGS 
LLC, MORGANS HOLDINGS LLC, AND ROYALTON, LLC and WACHOVIA BANK, 
NATIONAL ASSOCIATION dated 10/6/2006, recorded 12/11/2006, as CRFN 2006000679017. 
Releases Royalton Hotel and Morgans Hotel, Block 867 Lot 20 and Block 1259 Lot 11, other 
premises not made a part hereof, from Mortgage 'A'.

AGREEMENT OF CONSOLIDATION AND MODIFICATION OF MORTGAGE, SECURITY 
AGREEMENT, ASSIGNMENT OF RENTS AND FIXTURE FILING made by and between 
HENRY HUDSON HOLDINGS LLC and WACHOVIA BANK, NATIONAL ASSOCIATION 
dated as of 10/6/2006, recorded 12/11/2006, as CRFN 2006000679020. Modifies, extends and 
spreads Mortgage 'A' over those portions of the premises not already covered thereby, and 
amends and restates same, amount outstanding is $217,000,000.00.

ASSIGNMENT OF MORTGAGE made by WACHOVIA BANK, NATIONAL 
ASSOCIATION to LASALLE BANK NATIONAL ASSOCIATION, AS TRUSTEE FOR THE 
BENEFIT OF THE HOLDERS OF WACHOVIA BANK COMMERCIAL MORTGAGE 
TRUST, COMMERCIAL MORTGAGE PASS-THROUGH CERTIFICATES, SERIES 2007- 
WHALE 8, solely to the extent set forth in the applicable Partition Agreement, the applicable 
Non-Trust Portion Holder dated as of 6/27/2007, recorded 11/27/2007 as CRFN 
2007000587889. Assigns Mortgage ’A’.

MODIFICATION OF AGREEMENT OF CONSOLIDATION AND MODIFICATION OF 
MORTGAGE, SECURITY AGREEMENT, ASSIGNMENT OF RENTS AND FIXTURE 
FILING made by and between HENRY HUDSON HOLDINGS LLC and BANK OF 
AMERICA, NATIONAL ASSOCIATION, AS SUCCESSOR BY MERGER TO LASALLE 
BANK NATIONAL ASSOCIATION, AS TRUSTEE FOR THE BENEFIT OF THE HOLDERS 
OF WACHOVIA BANK COMMERCIAL MORTGAGE TRUST, COMMERCIAL 
MORTGAGE PASS-THROUGH CERTIFICATES, SERIES 2007-WHALE 8, dated as of 
9/30/2010, recorded 10/14/2010 as CRFN 2010000344286. Modifies Mortgage ’A’ as amended 
and restated by CRFN 2006000679014.

9283/16226-002 CURRENT/119832177V4

=== page 398 ===
Case 25-11853-KBO    Doc 396-2    Filed 03/31/26    Page 398 of 551

ASSIGNMENT OF MORTGAGE made by BANK OF AMERICA, NATIONAL 
ASSOCIATION AS SUCCESSOR BY MERGER TO LASALLE BANK NATIONAL 
ASOCIATION, AS TRUSTEE FQR THE BENEFIT OF THE HOLDERS OF WACHOVIA 
BANK COMMERCIAL MORTGAGE TRUST, COMMERCIAL MORTGAGE PASS­
THROUGH CERTIFICATES, SERIES 2007-WHALE 8 to DEUTSCHE BANK TRUST 
COMPANY AMERICAS, AS ADMINISTRATIVE AGENT dated as of 08/12/2011, recorded 
09/16/2011 in (as) CRFN 2011000329360. Assigns above Replacement Mortgage 'A'.

AMENDED, RESTATED AND CONSOLIDATED MORTGAGE, ASSIGNMENT OF 
LEASES AND RENTS, HOTEL REVENUE AND SECURITY AGREEMENT made by and 
between HENRY HUDSON HOLDINGS LLC, HUDSON LEASECO LLC AND 58TH

STREET BAR COMPANY LLC and DEUTSCHE BANK TRUST COMPANY AMERICAS, 
AS ADMINISTRATIVE AGENT dated as of08/12/2011, recorded 09/16/2011, in (as) CRFN 
2011000329361. Amends and restates and spreads the Amended and Restated Replacement 
Mortgage 'A' into a valid first lien in the amount of $115,000,000.00.

FIRST AMENDMENT TO AMENDED, RESTATED AND CONSOLIDATED MORTGAGE, 
ASSIGNMENT OF LEASES AND RENTS, HOTEL REVENUE AND SECURITY 
AGREEMENT AND TO ASSIGNMENT OF LEASES AND RENTS AND HOTEL 
REVENUES made by and between HENRY HUDSON HOLDINGS LLC, HUDSON 
LEASECO LLC AND 58TH STREET BAR COMPANY LLC and DEUTSCHE BANK TRUST 
COMPANY AMERICAS, AS ADMINISTRATIVE AGENT dated as of 12/07/2011, recorded 
02/21/2012, in (as) CRFN 2012000068316. Amends and Restates the above Amended and 
Restated Consolidated Mortgage, Assignment of Leases and Rents, Hotel Revenue and Security 
Agreement.

ASSIGNMENT OF MORTGAGE made by DEUTSCHE BANK TRUST COMPANY 
AMERICAS, AS ADMINISTRATIVE AGENT to UBS REAL ESTATE SECURITIES INC., 
dated as of 11/14/2012 and recorded 11/26/2012 as CRFN 2012000461819.

FOR CONSOLIDATION, SEE MORTGAGE ’B'

MORTGAGE ’B'

FEE AND LEASEHOLD MORTGAGE made by HENRY HUDSON HOLDINGS LLC and 
HUDSON LEASECO LLC and 58TH STREET BAR COMPANY LLC to UBS REAL 
ESTATE SECURITIES INC. in the amount of $65,000,000.00 dated as of 11/14/2012 and 
recorded 11/26/2012 as CRFN 2012000461820.

CONSOLIDATED AMENDED AND RESTATED FEE AND LEASEHOLD MORTGAGE 
AND SECURITY AGREEMENT made by HENRY HUDSON HOLDINGS LLC and 
HUDSON LEASECO LLC and 58TH STREET BAR COMPANY LLC to UBS REAL 
ESTATE SECURITIES INC. dated as of 11/14/2012 and recorded 11/26/2012 as CRFN 
2012000461821. Consolidates Mortgages 'A' and 'B' to form a single lien in the amount of 
$180,000,000.00.

9283/16226-002 CURRENT/119832177V4

V

-i ,

=== page 399 ===
Case 25-11853-KBO    Doc 396-2    Filed 03/31/26    Page 399 of 551

ASSIGNMENT OF MORTGAGE made by UBS REAL ESTATE SECURITIES 
INC. to CITIGROUP GLOBAL MARKETS REALTY CORP. AND BANK OF AMERICA, 
N.A. dated as of 2/6/2014, recorded 2/14/2014 in (as) CRFN 2014000058277. Assigns 
Mortgage(s) 'A' and 'B' as consolidated.

FOR CONSOLIDATION, SEE MORTGAGE ’C

MORTGAGE 'C

CONSOLIDATED, AMENDED AND RESTATED FEE AND LEASEHOLD MORTGAGE 
AND SECURITY AGREEMENT made by HENRY HUDSON HOLDINGS LLC, 58TH

STREET BAR COMPANY LLC AND HUDSON LEASECO LLC to CITIGROUP GLOBAL 
MARKETS REALTY CORP. AND BANK OF AMERICA, N.A. in the amount of 
$$53,333,333.34 dated 2/6/2014, recorded 2/14/2014 in (as) CRFbf 2014000058278. This 
Mortgage, by its terms, was consolidated with Mortgages A and B to form a single lien in the 
amount of $233,333,333.34.

I-HD,

ASSIGNMENT OF MORTGAGE made by CITIGROUP GLOBAL MARKETS REALTY 
CORP. AND BANK OF AMERICA, N.A. to DEUTSCHE BANK TRUST COMPANY 
AMERICAS, AS TRUSTEE FOR CGBAM COMMERCIAL MORTGAGE TRUST

COMMERCIAL MORTGAGE PASS-THROUGH CERTIFICATES, SERIES 2014-HD, AND 
THE COMPANION LOAN HOLDER dated as of 5/28/2014, recorded 8/4/2014 in (as) CRFN 
2014000255044. Assigns Mortgage(s) 'A', 'B' and 'C, as consolidated.

ASSIGNMENT OF MORTGAGE made by DEUTSCHE BANK TRUST COMPANY 
AMERICAS, AS TRUSTEE FOR CGBAM COMMERCIAL MORTGAGE TRUST 2014-HD, 
COMMERCIAL MORTGAGE PASS-THROUGH CERTIFICATES, SERIES 2014-HD, AND 
THE COMPANION LOAN HOLDER to COLUMN FINANCIAL, INC. dated as of 2/9/2017, 
recorded 2/21/2017 in (as) CRFN 2017000070240. Assigns Mortgage(s) 'A', 'B' and 'C, as 
consolidated.

AMENDED AND RESTATED FEE AND LEASEHOLD MORTGAGE AND SECURITY 
AGREEMENT made by and between HENRY HUDSON HOLDINGS LLC, 58TH STREET 
BAR COMPANY LLC AND HUDSON LEASECO LLC and COLUMN FINANCIAL,
INC. dated as of 2/9/2017, recorded 2/21/2017, in (as) CRFN 2017000070241. Amends and 
Restates Mortgage(s) 'A', 'B', and 'C, as consolidated in the unpaid amount of $225,000,000.00.

ASSIGNMENT OF MORTGAGE made by COLUMN FINANCIAL, INC. to U.S. BANK 
NATIONAL ASSOCIATION, NOT IN ITS INDIVIDUAL CAPACITY BUT SOLELY IN ITS

CAPACITY AS TRUSTEE IN TRUST FOR HOLDERS OF CSMC TRUST 2017-HD 
COMMERCIAL MORTGAGE PASS-THROUGH CERTIFICATES SERIES 2017-HD dated

3/29/2017, recorded 2/18/2020 in (as) CRFN 2020000061987. Assigns Mortgage(s) 'A', 'B' and 
'C, as consolidated.

CORRECTIVE ASSIGNMENT OF FEE AND LEASEHOLD MORTGAGE AND SECURITY 
AGREEMENT made by COLUMN FINANCIAL, INC. to U.S. BANK NATIONAL

9283/16226-002 CURRENT/119832177V4

=== page 400 ===
Case 25-11853-KBO    Doc 396-2    Filed 03/31/26    Page 400 of 551

ASSOCIATION, NOT IN ITS INDIVIDUAL CAPACITY BUT SOLELY IN ITS CAPACITY 
AS TRUSTEE IN TRUST FOR HOLDERS OF CSMC TRUST 2017-HD COMMERCIAL 
MORTGAGE PASS-THROUGH CERTIFICATES SERIES 2017-HD dated as of 05/15/2020, 
recorded 05/22/2020 in (as) CRFN 2020000154471. (NOTE: This correction Assignment is 
madp to correct the Assignment of Mortgage previously recorded on 02/18/2020 as CRFN

2020000061987 for the purpose of fixing the acknowledgment which was used in connection 
with the execution of the original assignment as well as to include the complete mortgage 
schedule which was the subjept of said assignment).

ASSIGNMENT OF MORTGAGE made by U.S. BANK NATIONAL ASSOCIATION, NOT IN 
ITS INDIVIDUAL CAPACITY BUT SOLELY IN ITS CAPACITY AS TRUSTEE IN TRUST 
FOR HOLDERS OF CSMC TRUST 2017-HD COMMERCIAL MORTGAGE PASS­
THROUGH CERTIFICATES SERIES 2017-HD to HOLLIDAY PARK, LLC dated as of 
3/20/2020, recorded 3/31/2020 in (as) CRFN 20200000113455. Assigns Mortgage(s) 'A', 'B' 
and 'C, as consolidated.

CORRECTIVE ASSIGNMENT OF FEE AND LEASEHOLD MORTGAGE AND SECURITY 
AGREEMENT made by U.S. BANK NATIONAL ASSOCIATION, NOT IN ITS 
INDIVIDUAL CAPACITY BUT SOLELY IN ITS CAPACITY AS TRUSTEE IN TRUST FOR 
HOLDERS OF CSMC TRUST 2017-HD COMMERCIAL MORTGAGE PASS-THROUGH

CERTIFICATES SERIES 2017-HD to HOLLIDAY PARK, LLC dated as of 11/^/2020 and 
being duly recorded in the Office of the New York City Register immediately prior hereto.

9283/16226-002 CURRENT/119832177V4

=== page 401 ===
Case 25-11853-KBO    Doc 396-2    Filed 03/31/26    Page 401 of 551

NYC DEPARTMENT OF FINANCE 
OFFICE OF THE CITY REGISTER

Document Date: 11-24-2020

20201202003 74002002SBAB1
SUPPORTING DOCUMENT COVER PAGE
PAGE 1 OF 1
Preparation Date: 12-02-2020
Document ID: 2020120200374002
Document Type: DEED, OTHER

ASSOCIATED TAX FORM ID: 2020111200180

SUPPORTING DOCUMENTS SUBMITTED:

Page Count
RP - 5217 REAL PROPERTY TRANSFER REPORT
4

=== page 402 ===
Case 25-11853-KBO    Doc 396-2    Filed 03/31/26    Page 402 of 551

FOR CITY USE ONLY
Cl. County Code I
REAL PROPERTY TRANSFER REPORT
j C2. Date Deed y

Recorded
/
/
I

Month
Day
Year
M
■m

STATE OF NEW YORK
STATE BOARD OF REAL PROPERTY SERVICES
!’
C3. Book I
J C4. Page [
I
>}.i
RP-5217NYC
OR
C5.CRFN
I

PROPERTYINFORMATION |

| WEST 57TH STREET 1
| 10019

353
| MANHATTAN
1. Property I 
Location L

STREET NUMBER
STREET NAME
BOROUGH
ZIP CODE

1
LAST NAME / COMPANY
FIRST NAME

2. Buyer |EC 58TH STREET LLC 
Name

LAST NAME / COMPANY
FIRST NAME

3. Tax Indicate where future Tax Bills are to be sent 
Bitting if other than buyer address (at bottom of form) [
Address
LAST NAME / COMPANY
FIRST NAME

4A. Planning Board Approval - N/A for NYC

2______| # of Parcels OR
Part of a Parcel

4. Indicate the number of Assessment 
Roll parcels transferred on the deed

4B. Agricultural District Notice - N/A for NYC

STREET NUMBER AND STREET NAME
CITY OR TOWN
STATE
ZIP CODE
□

Check the boxes below as they apply:

6. Ownership Type is Condominium

7. New Construction on Vacant Land

5. Deed 
Property L 
Size
0
Jx[
J OR L
FRONT FEET
DEPTH
ACRES
.HENRY HUDSON HOLDfNGS, LLC
8. Seller 
Name
LAST NAME/COMPANY
FIRST NAME

LAST NAME / COMPANY
FIRST NAME

9. Check the box below which most accurately describes the use of the property at the time of sale:

Industrial

Entertainment / Amusement

Residential Vacant Land

Commercial G

Community Service
One Family Residential

2 or 3 Family Residential

Public Service
A
C
E
B
D

Non-Residential Vacant Land p

Apartment H
E
0
B
B
!B

14. Check one or more of these conditions as applicable to transfer:

| SALE INFORMATION!

10. Sale Contract Date

A Sale Between Relatives or Former Relatives

| 11 
/ 24 
/ 2020 |
Month
Day
Year
B

I 11 
/ 24 
/ 2020 I
11. Date of Sale / Transfer
Month
Day
Year

Sale Between Related Companies or Partners in Business
C___One of the Buyers is also a Seller
D___ Buyer or Seller is Government Agency or Lending Institution
E___ Deed Type not Warranty or Bargain and Sale (Specify Below)
F___ Sale of Fractional or Less than Fee Interest (Specify Below)

12. Full Sale Price $
2 , 6 , 8 , 7 , 2 , 3 .7.3,61
G|___ Significant Change in Property Between Taxable Status and Sale Dates
HI Sale of Business is Included in Sale Price

t
i
i
(Full Sale Price is the total amount paid for the property including personal property. 
This payment may be in the form of cash, other property or goods, or the assumption of 
mortgages or other obligations.) Please round to the nearest whole dollar amount.
I

Other Unusual Factors Affecting Sale Price (Specify Below)
J >/ None

13. Indicate the value of personal 
property included in the sale
J
t
t
[ASSESSMENTjNFORMATIONj^Data^shouldreflecttheJatestFinalAssessmentRolland^xBilJ

16. Total Assessed Value (of all parcels in transfer) |____ L
7 5 
9 
4 
6 
9 
5,01
I R.H|
15. Building Class
t
*
*

17. Borough, Block and Lot / Roll ldentifier(s) (If more than three, attach sheet with additional identifiers))

MANHATTAN 1048 1701
MANHATTAN 1048 1702
J L
Jl

909011190018090106

=== page 403 ===
Case 25-11853-KBO    Doc 396-2    Filed 03/31/26    Page 403 of 551

BUYER'S ATTORNEY

I
CERTIFICATION
I certify that all of the items of information entered on this form are true and correct (to the best of my knowledge and belief) and 
understand that the making of any willful false statement of material fact herein will subject me to the provisions of the penal law relative to 
the making and filing of false instruments.
lujuhlMjt

1
BUYER SIGNATURE
C/0: EL6RIDGE INDUSTRIES LLC

LAST NAME
FIRST NAME
DATE
600 STEAMBOAT ROAD, SUITE
200
TELEPHONE NUMBER
AREA CODE
STREET NAME (AFTER SALE)
STREET NUMBER

iELLER
GREENWICH

CT
06830
Jl
SELLER SIGNATURE
DATE
STATE
ZIP CODE
CITY OR TOWN
/

2020111200180201

*

=== page 404 ===
Case 25-11853-KBO    Doc 396-2    Filed 03/31/26    Page 404 of 551

STATE OF NEW YORK, STATE BOARD OF REAL PROPERTY SERVICES

j REAL PROPERTY TRANSFER REPORT (RP-5217NYC)

CERTIFICATION

I certify that all of the items of information entered on this form are true and correct (to 
the best of my knowledge and belief) and I understand that the making of any willful false 
statement of material fact herein will subject me to the provisions of the penal law relative to the 
making and filing of false instruments.

BUYER;

EC 58th STREET LLC, 
a Delaware limited liability company

A4LxQ. [U
Name: Anthony D. Minella
By:

Title: President

Dated: hJOWWlfaf SA, 2020

[Signature Page to Transfer Tax Form (RP-5217) (Deed)]

■y
"■&

=== page 405 ===
Case 25-11853-KBO    Doc 396-2    Filed 03/31/26    Page 405 of 551

STATE OF NEW YORK, STATE BOARD OF REAL PROPERTY SERVICES

REAL PROPERTY TRANSFER REPORT (RP-5217NYC)

CERTIFICATION

I certify that all of the items of information entered on this form are true and correct (to 
the best of my knowledge and belief) and I understand that the making of any willful false 
statement of material fact herein will subject me to the provisions of the penal law relative to the 
making and filing of false instruments.

SELLER:
HENRY HUDSON HOLDINGS, LLC

By: 
Hudson Delano Senior Mezz LLC,
its sole member

By: 
Hudson Delano Junior Mezz LLC,
its sole member

By: 
Morgans Group, LLC,

its sole member

By: 
Morgans Hotel Group Co. LLC,
its sole member

By: 
SBE ENT Holdings, LLC,
its sole member

By:
Name: Philippe"Zriheh 
Title: Chief Business Officer

M,2020
Dated: tdovCHBgn

[Signature Page to Transfer Tax Form (RP-5217) (Deed)]

=== page 406 ===
Case 25-11853-KBO    Doc 396-2    Filed 03/31/26    Page 406 of 551

KUCKER  
MARINO 
WINIARSKY  
& BITTENS, LLP

Alan D. Kucker 
James R. Marino 
Nativ Winiarsky  
Andrew B. Bittens *  
William D. Hummell  
Catherine A. Helwig * 
Craig P. Gambardella 
Gregg R. Kurlander  
Jason M. Frosch 
Lisa Faham-Selzer 
Joseph Goldsmith 
Vladimir K. Favilukis * 
----------------------- 
Rachel V. Kramer  
Danielle K. Ciraola  
Kathleen B. Kelliher * 
Rafael D. Dayan 
William J. Halkias * 
Samara Geller

OF COUNSEL: 
Patrick K. Munson 
Abner T. Zelman 
Nikolaos Preponis 
Patrick K. Yu  
Nicholas G. Yokos *  
Daniel Gewirtz  
Tanya M. Owens  
Kacey H. Sou 
Eric R. McAvey 
Jill L. Mandell † 
Joel Celso ^ 
 
* Also admitted in NJ 
†  Also admitted in CT 
^  Also admitted in DC 
 
May __, 2022 
 
Elizabeth Hernandez 
Director, Certification of No Harassment Unit 
NYC Department of Housing Preservation & Development 
Housing Litigation Division  
100 Gold Street, Room 6Z4 
New York, NY 10038 
Email: hernanel@hpd.nyc.gov

Re: 
 
 
Application for Exemption from the Certificate of No Harassment. 
Applicant:   
Alberto Smeke 
Ground Lessee: HUDSON 1701/1706, LLC and HUDSON 1702, LLC 
Owner:   
356W58 Ground Lessor LLC 
 
 
Premises:   
353 West 57th Street, New York, NY  
 
 
Dear Ms. Hernandez:

This firm represents and is Special Counsel to HUDSON 1701/1706, LLC and HUDSON 1702, 
LLC, the ground lessee of the referenced Premises, and Alberto Smeke, the Applicant. We will be assisting 
them with the filing of their application for an Exemption from the Certificate of No Harassment. Please 
forward all notices, correspondence and requests for additional information concerning the instant 
application to me at the address set forth above. Enclosed please find one (1) original and one (1) copy of 
the Application with respect to the Premises as well as the requested documentation annexed as the 
following Exhibits:

A. 
An Opinion Letter of this office as to the authority of the 
Applicant;  
 
B. 
The current Deed, certified by the Office of the City Register of 
NY; 
 
C. 
The Memorandum of Lease to HUDSON 1701/1706, LLC and 
HUDSON 1702, LLC; 
 
D. 
The Articles of Organization of HUDSON 1701/1706, LLC and 
HUDSON 1702, LLC; 
 
E. 
The operating agreement or LLC resolution of HUDSON 
1701/1706, LLC and HUDSON 1702, LLC;  
 
F. 
The NYS filing receipt for HUDSON 1701/1706, LLC and 
HUDSON 1702, LLC;

T 212.869.5030  
747 Third Avenue 
    Kuckermarino.com 
 
 
 
 
Page 1 of 2 
 
F 212.944.5818  
New York, NY 10017

=== page 407 ===
Case 25-11853-KBO    Doc 396-2    Filed 03/31/26    Page 407 of 551

G. 
Certificate of Good Standing of ownership entity certified by NYS 
Department of State; 
 
H. 
The Certificate of Occupancy in effect on January 1, 1974, dated 
December 14, 1972 and bearing certificate of occupancy number 
72773, classified the building as a Class B Hotel, and the 
Certificate of Occupancy, dated June 4, 1976 and bearing 
certificate of occupancy number 76793 which specifically stated 
it amended certificate of occupancy number 72773, both certified 
by the NYC Department of Buildings; and 
 
I. 
The current Certificate of Occupancy certified by the NYC 
Department of Buildings.

Thank you for your cooperation in this matter.  Please don’t hesitate to contact me if you have 
questions or concerns. 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Sincerely,  
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Joseph Goldsmith, Esq.

Page 2 of 2

=== page 408 ===
Case 25-11853-KBO    Doc 396-2    Filed 03/31/26    Page 408 of 551

KUCKER  
MARINO 
WINIARSKY  
& BITTENS, LLP

Alan D. Kucker 
James R. Marino 
Nativ Winiarsky  
Andrew B. Bittens *  
William D. Hummell  
Catherine A. Helwig * 
Craig P. Gambardella 
Gregg R. Kurlander  
Jason M. Frosch 
Lisa Faham-Selzer 
Joseph Goldsmith 
Vladimir K. Favilukis * 
----------------------- 
Rachel V. Kramer  
Danielle K. Ciraola  
Kathleen B. Kelliher * 
Rafael D. Dayan 
William J. Halkias * 
Samara Geller

OF COUNSEL: 
Patrick K. Munson 
Abner T. Zelman 
Nikolaos Preponis 
Patrick K. Yu  
Nicholas G. Yokos *  
Daniel Gewirtz  
Tanya M. Owens  
Kacey H. Sou 
Eric R. McAvey 
Jill L. Mandell † 
Joel Celso ^ 
 
* Also admitted in NJ 
†  Also admitted in CT 
^  Also admitted in DC 
 
Elizabeth Hernandez 
Director, Certification of No Harassment Unit 
NYC Department of Housing Preservation & Development 
Housing Litigation Division  
100 Gold Street, Room 6Z4 
New York, NY 10038 
Email: hernanel@hpd.nyc.gov

Re: 
 
 
Opinion of Counsel 
Application for Exemption from the Certificate of No Harassment. 
Applicant:   
Alberto Smeke 
Ground Lessee: HUDSON 1701/1706, LLC and HUDSON 1702, LLC 
Owner:   
356W58 Ground Lessor LLC 
 
Premises:   
353 West 57th Street, New York, NY  
 
Dear Ms. Hernandez:

Please be advised that, based on the examination of the organizational documents of HUDSON 
1701/1706, LLC and HUDSON 1702, LLC, such as the Articles of Organization and Operating Agreement, 
the Ground Lease, the books and records of HUDSON 1701/1706, LLC and HUDSON 1702, LLC, and 
considering all of the surrounding facts and circumstances, as well as having consulted with the Applicant, 
Alberto Smeke, it is my opinion:

(i) 
HUDSON 1701/1706, LLC and HUDSON 1702, LLC are in good standing with the 
Department of State, New York State;  
(ii) 
The Applicant, Alberto Smeke, is a member of HUDSON 1701/1706, LLC and HUDSON 
1702, LLC.  
(iii) 
The Applicant, Alberto Smeke, is both authorized and entitled to file the instant Exemption 
from the requirement for a Certificate of No Harassment on behalf of HUDSON 1701/1706, 
LLC and HUDSON 1702, LLC and the owner, 356W58 Ground Lessor LLC, and to make all 
representation before HPD on behalf of HUDSON 1701/1706, LLC and HUDSON 1702, LLC 
and the owner, 356W58 Ground Lessor LLC; 
(iv) 
The Applicant, Alberto Smeke, is authorized to bind HUDSON 1701/1706, LLC and 
HUDSON 1702, LLC and the owner, 356W58 Ground Lessor LLC, with regard to the filing 
of this Exemption from the requirement for a Certificate of No Harassment.

Please be advised that I am serving the Owner as Special Counsel in this matter and you may direct 
any questions or requests for additional information to me at the address and telephone number listed above. 
Thank you for your time and consideration.

Sincerely,

Joseph Goldsmith, Esq.

T 212.869.5030  
747 Third Avenue 
    Kuckermarino.com 
 
 
 
 
Page 1 of 1 
 
F 212.944.5818  
New York, NY 10017

=== page 409 ===
Case 25-11853-KBO    Doc 396-2    Filed 03/31/26    Page 409 of 551

Exhibit D-2

CONH Application

(Attached hereto)

4866-0049-6406, v. 12

=== page 410 ===
Case 25-11853-KBO    Doc 396-2    Filed 03/31/26    Page 410 of 551

X

1048 
     1701/1702 
 
        117950
1026317

353 West 57th Street, New York, New York 10019

x
x

1 
1

959 
959

960 
960

2 
2

x

x

1 
       0 
1

37 
       922 
959

38 
       922 
960

2               0 
2

=== page 411 ===
Case 25-11853-KBO    Doc 396-2    Filed 03/31/26    Page 411 of 551

Alterations and renovation of rooms at the building.

x

x

=== page 412 ===
Case 25-11853-KBO    Doc 396-2    Filed 03/31/26    Page 412 of 551

Application for a Certification of No Harassment 
Rev. Dec 2018

4.
Applicant{s): Identify the applicant(s}. An applicant must be a natural person, not an entity. If the

building is owned by more than one deed owner, all the owners need to be named as applicants or a
notarized letter signed by each additional deed owner has to be submitted authorizing the applicant to
file the application for certificate of no harassment on behalf of that owner. If the application is filed by a
Net Lessee, the deed owner has to provide a notarized letter signed by the deed owner authorizing the
Net Lessee to file the application for certificate of no harassment on behalf of that owner. In case of a
multiple dwelling owned by an entity, the letter has to describe the corporate relationship of the person
signing the letter on behalf of the entity.

Alberto Smeke

Name (1} ____________ _ 
Name (2} ____________ _

Social Security Number: 
Social Security Number: __ 
· / __ / __ _

Date of Birth: 
 
Date of Birth: __ / __ / __

6 St. Johns Lane, New York, NY 10013

Mailing Address:

212-419-3149
347-421-3335

Business Telephone Number: ------
Mobile Telephone Number: --------

as@csc-coliving.com

Email Address: 
Fax Number: 
-----------
-------------

Managing Member of Ground Lessee

Relationship to the property (attach documentation}: _________________ _

356W58 Ground Lessor LLC

Deed Owner: --------------------------------

c/o MSP Capital Investments, LLC, 3953 Maple Ave., Suite 350, Dallas, Texas 75219

Deed Owner Addrİss: ___________________________ _

x

5.
Access Authorizer: Does the applicant identified in response to Question 4 have legal authority to
authorize the Department of Housing Preservation and Development ("HPD"} to enter all common
areas of the property?
□
Yes.
□
No (Identify the person who will sign this application to authorize such access below}.

The Access Authorizer listed shall be an individual natural person who either has legal possession of all 
common areas of the building, or is authorized to sign on behalf of and bind the persons or entities who 
have legal possession of all common areas of the building.

Name:----------------------------------

Social Security Number: ___ / __ / ___ _ 
Date of Birth: __ / __ / __ _

Mailing Address:

Business Telephone Number: _____ _ 
Mobile Telephone Number: _______ _

Email Address: __________ _ 
Fax Number: ____________ _

Relationship to the property: _________________ _

() Printed on paper containing 30% post-consumer material
2

=== page 413 ===
Case 25-11853-KBO    Doc 396-2    Filed 03/31/26    Page 413 of 551

x

February 1998      Ian Schrager 
     Granted 
Application No. 9/98

c/o MSP Capital Investments, L.L.C., 3953 
Maple Ave., Suite 350, Dallas, Texas 75219
EIN: 
88-1529701
356W58 Ground Lessor LLC

=== page 414 ===
Case 25-11853-KBO    Doc 396-2    Filed 03/31/26    Page 414 of 551

Application for a Certification of No Harassment
Rev. Dec 2018

B. Current Principals and Officers: If title to the property is held by an entity rather than by a

person, list (i) every director, general partner, managing partner, or managing member of such 
entity, (ii) every officer of such entity, (iii) every other person authorized to sign for and bind such 
entity, and (iv) every person or entity holding a 10% or more economic interest in such entity. 
Provide an opinion of counsel letter which authorizes the individual to file the application. An 
opinion of counsel letter is a letter by an attorney stating that the person signing the application for 
the corporation, partnership or limited liability corporation, is entitled to file and act on behalf of the 
entity and to make all of the representations and commitments therein. You must also provide 
the supporting documentation as listed in the Instructions to support the below.

Relationship 
to Owner

Address and 
Telephone Number
Date of Birth
SSN
Name

Printed on paper containing 30% post-consumer material.

5

=== page 415 ===
Case 25-11853-KBO    Doc 396-2    Filed 03/31/26    Page 415 of 551

May, 2022 - Present

Alberto Smeke

HUDSON 1701/1706, LLC
Asset Manager

Sal Smeke

May, 2022 - Present

HUDSON 1701/1706, LLC
Asset Manager

Denise Cruz

1999 - Present

HUDSON 1701/1706, LLC
Property Manager

x

Irving Schatz 
(Lot 1703) 
1984-12/3/12 
 
N/A

Adrienne Wechsler 
6/15/93-3/20/14  
N/A
Cheryl Hirsch      (Lot 1704)

Irving Schatz (Lot 1705)  
   1984-12/3/12    
N/A

Irving Schatz (Lot 1706)  
   1984-12/3/12  
N/A

Henry Hudson Holdings LLC (Lot 1702)    1999-2020 
13-4035148

EC 58th Street LLC (Lot 1702) 
11/2020-2022

=== page 416 ===
Case 25-11853-KBO    Doc 396-2    Filed 03/31/26    Page 416 of 551

Application for a Certification of No Harassment
Rev. Dec 2018

B. Principals and Officers Of Prior Owners: If title to the property was previously held by an entity

rather than a person at any time since the referral date, list (i) every director, general partner, 
managing partner, or managing member of such entity, (ii) every officer of such entity, (iii) every 
other person authorized to sign for and bind such entity, and (iv) every person or entity holding a

10% or more economic interest in such entity.

Period of 
Ownership

Telephone
Number
Address
Name

Relationship 
to Owner

See the schedule annexed hereto as Exhibit C.

^ Printed on paper containing 30% post-consumer material.
7

=== page 417 ===
Case 25-11853-KBO    Doc 396-2    Filed 03/31/26    Page 417 of 551

Application for a Certification of No Harassment
Rev. Dec 2018

C. Management - Prior Ownership: List each person who served as a managing agent, a

superintendent, collected rents, supervised or ordered repairs, or exercised any other discretion in 
the management of the property from the referral date under a prior owner.__________

Name and Address
Employer and Role
Period of Service

See the schedule annexed hereto as Exhibit D.

10.

Criminal Convictions And Proceedings: Have any of the persons or entities listed above in items 4- 
9 ever been convicted of a crime, or is any such person or entity currently a defendant in a pending 
criminal proceeding?

x

No.
□

Yes (Provide details below).
□

Case Name
Court
Docket Number
Name
Disposition

0% Printed on paper containing 30% post-consumer material.
8

=== page 418 ===
Case 25-11853-KBO    Doc 396-2    Filed 03/31/26    Page 418 of 551

Application for a Certification of No Harassment
Rev. Dec 2018

11.

Prior Applications By Or On Behalf Of The Owner Or Applicant: Has the owner, the applicant, or 
any other representative acting on behalf of the owner ever previously applied for a certification of no 
harassment for any property other than the subject property?

No.
□

x

Yes (Indicate each property for which the applicant sought a certification of no harassment and 
the disposition of each such application).
□

Borough
Block
Lot
Address
Registration ID

12. Occupants: List all current residential and commercial occupants of the property.
Name
Unit/
Phone
Monthly
Rent
Initial
Occupancy
Date

Rent
Current
Lease
(Y/N)
Floor
Number
Stabilized
(Y/N)
No.

See the schedule annexed hereto as Exhibit E.

Printed on paper containing 30% post-consumer material.
9

=== page 419 ===
Case 25-11853-KBO    Doc 396-2    Filed 03/31/26    Page 419 of 551

Application for a Certification of No Harassment
Rev. Dec 2018

Phone
Number

12. Occupants Continued
Unit/
Floor

Monthly
Rent
Name
Initial
Occupancy
Date

Current
Lease
(Y/N)
No.

Rent
Stabilized
(Y/N)

If needed, please add additional pages. 
Additional pages added? 
__
NO
YES

m
£ Printed on paper containing 30% post-consumer material.
10

=== page 420 ===
Case 25-11853-KBO    Doc 396-2    Filed 03/31/26    Page 420 of 551

Application for a Certification of No Harassment
Rev. Dec 2018

13.

Former Occupants: List each former occupant who vacated a dwelling unit or rooming unit at the 
property after the referral date, whether through eviction, relocation, surrender of occupancy rights, or 
any other means. If such occupant was relocated, please provide a copy of any agreement with 
respect to the surrender of occupancy rights, if one exists, and any other relevant details.

Move Out 
Date

Current Address 
And

Name Of 
Occupant

Reason For 
Moving Out

Initial
Occupancy
Date

Unit
Last
Monthly
Rent

Phone Number

See the schedule annexed hereto as Exhibit F.

If needed, please add additional pages. 
Additional pages added? 
__
YES
NO

0%. Printed on paper containing 30% post-consumer material.
11

=== page 421 ===
Case 25-11853-KBO    Doc 396-2    Filed 03/31/26    Page 421 of 551

Application for a Certification of No Harassment
Rev. Dec 2018

14. Relocation: Will any occupants be relocated or displaced as a result of the alteration or demolition 
work to be performed at the property?

No.
□

x

Yes (Provide details below).
□

Monthly
Rent

Reason For Relocation 
or Displacement_____

Phone
Number

Relocated to 
What Location
Unit
Name

If needed, please add additional pages. 
Additional pages added? 
__
YES
NO

15. Has the building been registered annually with New York State Homes and Community Renewal (HCR) 
during the inquiry period?

No.
□

x

Yes (Provide all rent registrations for each unit filed within the inquiry period).
□

16. HCR Proceedings: During the inquiry period, have there been any harassment proceedings, decrease 
in service proceedings, or other proceedings with regard to the property before the New York State 
Homes and Community Renewal (HCR)?

No.
□

x

Yes (Provide details below and attach a copy of each complaint and final disposition, if any).
□

Attorneys for

Parties

Nature of 
Proceeding
Docket
Number

Disposition or 
Current Status
Party Names
Dates

Printed on paper containing 30% post-consumer material.
12

=== page 422 ===
Case 25-11853-KBO    Doc 396-2    Filed 03/31/26    Page 422 of 551

See the schedule annexed hereto as Exhibit H.

x

EC 58TH STREET LLC   258783/2021    DITCHIK & DITCHIK 
 
             PENDING
v. TAX COMMISSION

=== page 423 ===
Case 25-11853-KBO    Doc 396-2    Filed 03/31/26    Page 423 of 551

Application for a Certification of No Harassment
Rev. Dec 2016

19.

Coercion: During the inquiry period, has any title holder or lessee, its agents, employees or other 
persons acting on its behalf used force, or threatened the use of force, against the person or property of 
any occupant of a dwelling unit at the property?

No.
□

x

Yes (Provide details).
□

20.

Services: During the inquiry period, has any title holder or lessee, its agents, employees or other 
persons acting on its behalf interrupted or discontinued any services at the property, including, but not 
limited to, heat, hot water, cold water, electricity, gas, and elevator sen/ice?

No.
□

x

Yes (Provide details).
□

Printed on paper containing 30% post-consumer material.
14

=== page 424 ===
Case 25-11853-KBO    Doc 396-2    Filed 03/31/26    Page 424 of 551

Application for a Certification of No Harassment
Rev. Dec 2018

Vacate Orders: Has any governmental agency issued any vacate orders (full or partial) with respect to 
all or part of the property during the inquiry period or active if issued prior to the inquiry period?
21.

No.
□

x

Yes (Provide details below and attach certified copies of each vacate order).
□

Vacate Order Number:

Issuing Agency:
□ HPD

Department of Buildings 
Fire Department
Department of Health and Mental Hygiene 
Other (Identify):_____________________

□
□
□
□
Date Issued:
Date Lifted:___________________________________
Basis of Order:________________________________
Number of Occupants Displaced: ________
Number of Occupants Returned (who were displaced): 
Describe any other relevant information:

Vacate Order Number:

Issuing Agency:
□ HPD

Department of Buildings 
Fire Department
Department of Health and Mental Hygiene 
Other (Identify):_____________________

□
□
□
□
Date Issued:
Date Lifted:___________________________________
Basis of Order:________________________________
Number of Occupants Displaced: ________
Number of Occupants Returned (who were displaced): 
Describe any other relevant information:

■r* Printed on paper containing 30% post-consumer material.
15

=== page 425 ===
Case 25-11853-KBO    Doc 396-2    Filed 03/31/26    Page 425 of 551

x

Concomitantly with the filing of the instant application the Applicant is filing an

Application for an exemption from the CONH requirement for the Special Clinton

District.

=== page 426 ===
Case 25-11853-KBO    Doc 396-2    Filed 03/31/26    Page 426 of 551

Application for a Certification of No Harassment
Rev. Dec 2018

Applicant Consent: The owner of the property hereby consents to permit HPD unfettered access to the 
property that is the subject of this application at all times and without prior notice. The purpose of such access 
is for the investigation of all facts relevant to this application from the date hereof until the date upon which 
HPD makes a final determination with respect to the grant or denial of the certification pursuant to the 
application of a Certification of No Harassment.

It is understood that the failure to provide such access when requested will prevent the processing of this 
application and, in the discretion of HPD, may result in the denial of the issuance of a Certification.

Further, it is understood that the application may be denied if it contains any false or misleading statements, or 
material omissions.

Further, it is understood that the applicant and/or undersigned must first obtain a Certification of No 
Harassment from HPD and all necessary permits from the DOB prior to commencing the work at the subject 
premises, which is the subject of this application.

I, the applicant, have read the within application and attest that its entire contents are true and complete.

Applicant's Signature (1)
Applicant's Signature (2)

Print Name Above
Print Name Above

Relationship to the Property
Relationship to the Property

Corporate Entity Designee Signature
Access Authorizer Signature

Print Name Above
Print Name Above

Relationship to the Owner (title)
Relationship to the Owner (title)

Sworn to this
day of
, 20__

Notary

Printed on paper containing 30% post-consumer material.
17

=== page 427 ===
Case 25-11853-KBO    Doc 396-2    Filed 03/31/26    Page 427 of 551

d».
w 
i1*
B£l2181Pi)0892

*
Deed

THIS INDENTURE made the

(O

/ day of December, 1998, between 
EDUCATIONAL BROADCASTING CORPORATION, a not-for-profit corporation chartered 
by the Board of Regents of the State of New York, having its principal office at 4S0 West 33rd 
Street, New York, New York 10001 (the “jQranlflt"), and HENRY HUDSON HOLDINGS LLC, 
a Delaware limited liability company having an address c/o Ian Schrager Hotels LLC, 47S Tenth 
Avenue, New York, NY 10018 (the Grantee"),

^IINESSEIH:

That the Grantor, in consideration of Ten ($10,00) Dollars and other good and valuable 
consideration paid by the Grantee, does hereby grant and release unto the Grantee, and the heirs, 
successors and assigns of the Grantee, forever:

The Condominium Unit (the “Unit") known as Unit No, 1 in the premises known as 333 
West 37th Street Condominium and by the street number 353-61 West 57th Street a/k/a 336 
West 58 Street, Borough of Manhattan, City, County and State of New York, the 
(“Condominium"'!- said Unit being designated and described as the EBC Unit in the Declaration 
establishing a plan for condominium ownership of said premises under Article 9-B of the Real 
Property Law of the State of New York (the “New York Condominium Act"'! dated April 11,

1985, and recorded in the New York County Office of the Register of the City of New York (the 
“Register’s Office"! on April 24,1985, in Reel 902, Page 1, as amended by First Amendment 
To Declaration dated January 19, 1993 and recorded in the Register’s Office on May 11,1993 
in Reel 1969, Page 2286 (said Declaration, as the same maybe amended from time to time, 
being hereinafter referred to as the “Declaration’*) and also designated as Tax Lot 1701 in Block

1048 of Section 4, of the Borough of Manhattan on the Tax Map of the Real Property 
Assessment Department of The City of New York and on the Floor Plans of said Building, 
certified by Butler Rogers Baskett Architects, on March 27,1985, and filed on April 22, 1985 
with the Real Property Assessment Department of The City of New York as Condominium Plan 
No. 208 and also filed on April 24, 1985 in the Register’s Office as Condominium Map No. 
4326, as amended by Amended Floor Plans certified by Butler Rogers Baskett Architects on 
December 12, 1992, which Amended Floor Plans were also filed in the Real Property 
Assessment Department of the City of New York on May 5,1993 as Condominium Plan No. 
208A (Amendment to Plan No. 208), and also filed in the Register’s Office on May 11,1993 as 
Condominium Map No. 5192. The premises within which the EBC Unit is located are more 
particularly described in Schedule A attached hereto and made a part hereof. All capitalized 
herein that are not separately defined herein shall have the meanings given to those terms in the 
Declaration or in the By-Laws of 353 West 57th Street Condominium. (Said By-Laws, as die 
same may be amended form time to time, are hereinafter referred to as the “By-Laws"):

Premises: 
353 West 57th Street
Commercial Unit #1

1

=== page 428 ===
Case 25-11853-KBO    Doc 396-2    Filed 03/31/26    Page 428 of 551

UKUlSTPGOSq]

TOGETHER with an undivided 44.0510S percent interest in the Common Elements;

TOGETHER with the Appurtenances and all the estate and the right of the Grantor in and
to the Unit;

TOGETHER with, and SUBJECT to, the rights, obligations, easements, restrictions and 
other provisions set forth in the Declaration and the By-Laws, all of which shall constitute 
covenants running with the land and shall bind any person having at any time any interest or 
estate in the Unit, as though recited and stipulated at length herein;

SUBJECT to such other Hens, agreement, covenants, easements, restrictions and other 
matters as pertain to the Unit and/or the Property.

TO HAVE AND TO HOLD the same unto the Grantee, and the heirs, successors and 
assigns of the Grantee, forever, and the Grantor covenants Grantor has not done or suffered 
anything whereby the Unit or the Property have been encumbered in any way whatever.

If any provision of the Declaration or the By-Laws is invalid or would cause the 
Declaration of the By-Laws to be insufficient to submit the Property to the provisions of the New 
York Condominium Act, or if any provision that is necessary to cause the Declaration and the 
By-Laws to submit that Property to the provisions of the New York Condominium Act is 
missing from the Declaration or the By-Laws, or if the Declaration and the By-Lavra are 
insufficient to submit the Property to the provisions of the New York Condominium Act, the 
appUcable provisions of Article 26 of the Declaration shall control.

The Grantor, in compliance with Section 13 of the Lien Law of the State of New York, 
covenants that the Grantor will receive the consideration for this conveyance and will hold the 
right to receive such consideration as a trust fund for the purposes of paying the cost of the 
improvement and will apply the same first to the payment of the cost of the improvement before 
using any part of the same for any other purpose.

The Grantee accepts and ratifies the provisions of the Declaration and the By-Laws (and 
, any Rules and Regulations adopted under the By-Laws) and agrees to comply with all the terms

ami provisions thereof.

The term “Grantee” shall be read as “Grantees” whenever the sense of this Indenture so
requires.

mfenAcd 
•Hu feciarattoio.
me 
(tai'* <’i 4My **

2

=== page 429 ===
Case 25-11853-KBO    Doc 396-2    Filed 03/31/26    Page 429 of 551

*-•
lj&2181P<!08<U

IN WITNESS WHEREOF, the Grantor and the Grantee have duly executed this 
Indenture as of the day and year first above written.

EDUCATIONAL BROADCASTING CORPORATION, 
Grantor«
t

Thomas A. Conway/7
Vice President and/Onief Financial Officer

HENRY HUDSON HOLDINGS LLC, 
Grantee

Name: Pc.'hc r A t\ l
Title: Atrttwtied SifAAtDty

I'i

i.

,y

3

=== page 430 ===
Case 25-11853-KBO    Doc 396-2    Filed 03/31/26    Page 430 of 551

Ka2181P608<l5

STATE OF NEW YORK )

)sa:
COUNTY OF NEW YORK)

On the day of December, 1998, before me, the undersigned, a notary public 
in and for the State of New York, personally appeared Thomas A. Conway, personally known 
to me or proved to me on the basis of satisfactory evidence to be the individual whoso name is 
subscribed to the within instrument and acknowledged to me that he executed the same in his 
capacity, and that by his signature on the instrument, the individual, or the person upon Mmif 
of which the individual acted, executed the instrument,

4m
^Notary Public 
" —
-"Hs®-**

Qualified In Nmmu County
Oemmlaaton EaptnM Oetstarll,
STATE OF NEW YORK )

)sss
COUNTY OF NEW YORK)

, personally

V
On the 
day of December, 1998, before me, the undersianed, a notary public
in and for the State of New York, personally appeared r£T&/ Ah* 
known to me or proved to me on the basis of satisfactory evidence to be the individual whose 
name is subscribed to the within instrument and acknowledged to me that he executed the same 
in his capacity, and that by his signature on the instrument, the individual; or the person upon 
behalf of which the individual acted, executed the instrument.

JT-WfyVGtv

Notary Public

elsSno{"/i "‘Vr 152
Notary Public, stale oi flfMyVh* 
. / r# 2
No. 01EUi0l873« VV>
QualllM* In Bioim cAftWsV 
St
•—

4

=== page 431 ===
Case 25-11853-KBO    Doc 396-2    Filed 03/31/26    Page 431 of 551

utaziBTPGoani
;•

SCHEDULEA

ALL that certain plot, piece or parcel of land, situate, lying and being in the Borough of 
Manhattan, City, County and State of New York, bounded and described as follows:

7.

BEGINNING at a point on the northerly side of 57th Street distant 20 feet easterly from the 
comer formed by the intersection of the easterly side of 9th Avenue with the northerly side of 
57th Street;

RUNNING THENCE Easterly along the said northerly side of S7th Street 155 feet;

THENCE Northerly parallel with 9th Avenue 200 feet 10 inches to the southerly side of 58th 
Street;

THENCE Westerly along the said southerly side of 58th Street 135 feet to the point distant 40 
feet easterly from the comer formed by the intersection of the southerly side of S8th Street with 
the easterly side of 9th Avenue;

THENCE Southerly parallel with 9th Avenue and part of the distant through a party wall 100 
feet 10 inches;

THENCE Westerly parallel more or less with 58th Street 20 feet;

THENCE Southerly and part of the way through another party wall 100 feet to the northerly side 
of S7th Street, the point or place of BEGINNING,

it

/•

5

=== page 432 ===
Case 25-11853-KBO    Doc 396-2    Filed 03/31/26    Page 432 of 551

'’*t 
*V %
CITY RKUSTIIV RKOOIIOINO AND ■NDORtKMBNT DAM

- NBW YORK COUNTY -
(Thl» page forma part oftha Inatrumont)

W*»9h»r
•*'*
>
1040
Rtoord A 
RMumto:
Biookd)
022
itrnn
1701
U Willi UR V
L0t«
THI«/Ag«rK Oompany mum: TitXi AwoolitM Xno,

Til* Company number: ta#98(01), 1101_________

UJ
AM f I 4 J
II’.

0INITNUMINT WAIINDORUD POR THB MOORO AB FOUOWBi
THIPORBOCtfl

Eximlrwdbyt*): fera_
uooaas
OHy RigUlir 
SertilNumbw *
MtgiTax 8«rM No..

Mtga Amount___

Maxad . 
VHWCt'

vmi
$
By (4:
<rr
r-

$
cr

Taxibt* Amount_

oo

Bloc^i) and Lot(i) varilM by (/): aS?

YES □ NO □
CD
Exemption (✓)
i ts

Addnwa..J—.Q^ 
Tm Map____ Q

■ o~

p~
Typo:
^WEE] [288 ] [OTHER____ ]
Extra Btoot^i)
Lot(i)
• CO
mmgg

Rtoordtog F««

* ^
[ma] [al [<»•]
Dwalllng Typo:
mom omit

AIMavttF*#___________

TAX REOSnrOD ON ABOVE MORTOAOB ▼

County (baslo)___

TF*5e4^82FM4V)-
RPTT Fm------(R)... 1$

City(Addtl)____

HPO-A---

Spec Addtl
a
HPP.Q----- -Q
(

Now Yort; Stan Root Estate tnmslor Tax ▼

fjrta
TA8F
$

MTA
Serial . 
Number +
3071118
NYCTA

$
R 0078
TOTALTAX___

New York City Real 
Property Traneter Tax 
Serial Number ■»

Apportionment Mortgage (/) YES Q NO Q

New York Stall 
QalrwTax
Serial Number M
Joy A. Bobtow, Oily RogMir

RECORDED IN NEW YORK COUNTY 
OFFICE OF THE CIIY REGISTER

JWJAN-S A 4 32

>«
s
s
s
*
w
■ii

Wltneee My Hand Mid Ottaial Seal
a At**
7T
S'£r

=5
m
o*H s

=== page 433 ===
Case 25-11853-KBO    Doc 396-2    Filed 03/31/26    Page 433 of 551

Pi

g^a
»^r-’
m
m
1s rV'j
.-.rrr.riaKS: 
!Ft£J)Urg,

«r9^rife5g^

iii,
--cttcriiSs-a
Tg&kZij.

Htt ? 81| I raiB54

t^v*.y.
s
a
■jg^B
Pg
r7!T

2S
H
i /
^Ife
o
DEED
s

/

THIS INDENTURE made the
m£mm
s

fegriftoj

;£

'S3

IV
___ 
day of February,
1999 between IAN SCHRAGER HOTELS LLC (f/k/a WEST 57T,r 
LLC), a Nev/ York limited liability company, having an 
address at c/o Ian Schrager Hotels LLC, 475 Tenth Avenue, 
New York, New York 10018 (the “Grantor"), and HENRY 
HUDSON HOLDINGS LLC, a Delaware limited liability com­
pany, having an address at c/o Ian Schrager Hotels LLC, 
475 Tenth Avenue, New York, New York 10018 (the 
“Grantee11) .

mm
sseas

IX
iur.izm*

3Mm
ifeSi
MIXUSZ&BIH:
That the Grantor, in consideration of Ten ($10.00) 
Dollars and other good and valuable consideration paid by 
the Grantee, does hereby grant and release unto the 
' Grantee, and the heirs, successors and assigns of the 
Grantee, forever:

£3
i
5;*

Mmmi
ittfll

8 !

Kfsplpl
ilrA
iifiii
siHii
sSSS®
feSSSsZffi

S2332.
fffl

W‘
lr3£!
||||||§|§
I®
Spsp

The Condominium Unit (the "Unit") known as Unit No.
2 in the premises known as 353 West 57th Street Condomin­
ium and by the street number 353-61 West 57th Street 
a/k/a 356 West 58 Street, Borough of Manhattan, City, 
County and State of New York (the “Condominium11), said 
Unit being designated and described as the Modified Hotel 
Unit in the Declaration establishing a plan for condomin­
ium ownership of said premises under Article 9-B of the 
Real Property Law of the State of New York (the “New York 
Condominium Act11) dated 4/11/85, and recorded in the New 
York County Office of the Register of the City of New 
York on 4/24/85, in Reel 902, Page l, as amended by First 
Amendment To Declaration dated 1/29/93 and recorded on 
5/11/93 in Reel 1969, Page 2286 (said Declaration dated 
as the same may he amended from time to time, being 
hereinafter referred to as the "Declaration*1) and also 
designated as Tax Lot 1702 in Block 1048 of Section 4, of 
the Borough of Manhattan on the Tax Map of the Real 
Property Assessment Department of The City of New York 
and on the Floor Plans of said Building, certified by 
Butler Rogers Baskett Architects, on 3/27/85, and also 
filed with the Real Property Assessment Department of The 
City of New York as Condominium Plan No. 208, Map No. 
4326, and Plan No. 208A (Amendment to Plan No. 208), Map 
No. 5192 respectively on 4/22/85, and on 5/5/93. The

mmSm
WmsM

TVrffiWnl
2a?gggj
Vo-k ymvuf SA
t)ratr. loMastv 11, 
- lila tW

M
B
mmsarg
'-TfS^Ct.

811
Vsspif
p
35*? Wefh STtt* srrcc.^ ; Un.-f Z
■d
■.erxfiFjj
:
mm
“^sfiaart
fis?

r
iTIii
ii
*
=
itSttl

.....
mmmmmm
i.....
?
—w —
7..;;
Wm
mummimw.

=== page 434 ===
Case 25-11853-KBO    Doc 396-2    Filed 03/31/26    Page 434 of 551

WSjmSSI.
wimmm
mmjmmm
&£W§.
mm

g§
S3
llPSSilli
iiP=s^l®SSl3pK
«»

ypv
Kfl281| I n I 855
mm
wKm
?!»<
=;:

Is
am

MM

PP
■sim
Sfes-p:r
sw
premises within which the Unit is located is more partic­
ularly described in Schedule A attached hereto and made a 
part hereof. All capitalized terms herein that are not 
separately defined herein^shall have the meanings given 
to those terms in the Declaration or in the By-Laws of 
353 West 57th Street Condominium. (Said By-Laws, as the 
same may be amended frum time to time, are hereinafter 
referred to as the "By-Laws11) i

TOGETHER with an undivided 46.94011 percent interest 
in the Common Elements,-

TOGETHER with the appurtenances and all the estate 
and right of the Grantor in and to the Unit;

3
in
jpsa
mm

m.-:
iGmm
WS
m

Eg';P

TOGETHER with, and SUBJECT to, the rights, obliga­
tions, easements, restrictions and other provisions set 
forth in the Declaration and the By-Laws, all of which 
shall constitute covenants running with the land and 
shall bind any person having at any time any interest or 
estate in the Unit, as though recited and stipulated at 
length herein,-

pip:
pisf

W-

SUBJECT to such other liens, agreement, covenants, 
easements, restrictions and other matters as pertain to 
the Unit and/or the Property.

X
p
fci -
jjjll
iil
BE&i

TO HAVE AND TO HOLD the same unto the Grantee, and 
the heirs, successors and assigns of the Grantee, forev-

mrks£

rFfX

%£-\
Spill
eMpBis

,v

isssl

^vmsks
er.
mmM
If any provision of the Declaration or the By-Laws 
is invalid or would cause the Declaration or the By-Laws 
to be insufficient to submit the Property to the provi­
sions of the New York Condominium Act, or if any provi­
sion that is necessary to cause the Declaration and the 
By-Laws to submit the Property to the provisions of the 
New York Condominium Act is missing from the Declaration 
or the By-Laws, or if the Declaration and the,By-Laws are 
insufficient to submit the Property to the provisions of 
the New York Condominium Act, the applicable provisions 
of Article 26 of the Declaration shall control.

um&t

SflSBL. I
H.!
The Grantor covenants that the Grantor has not done 
or suffered anything to be done whereby, the Unit has 
been encumbered in any way whatever, except as aforesaid.

m
o

2
2?r€8?\iOt*N«w *iork Server fcA
r»Mi,HrY 11* 1999 - 7j42 PM
srsasx'r ;r

mm

F^TT
m

fcij
afffl?i£rn
mm sUa
mm
m
liMiilliglStiBSg

ZirjyM
smmmsm

m
iti

Sr, •• 
•,.us#iw;
.**« ■'-^r.. 
'J-'tt1. rrrTU ae-.ASfRK'I.'La

issaili
mMzikmmsL;
m

=== page 435 ===
Case 25-11853-KBO    Doc 396-2    Filed 03/31/26    Page 435 of 551

&£tn2ms!tigl& 
iM/W*' ’■ '^■•i‘t£.'

g'BafeT'S>yjBB^CT;'Tr::,jffg^pS^’iginfe«y/.6iB^|^ggteag:-i-rg
^fK-rr—S^-
m
E®~*

rem.

ii">S3i?r ■
f.EEi.28iJ I Pt I 85b
am

3?

jjfrigy
m■k;.
i
m
mm1
iPPPliS

5H
Ths Grantor, in compliance with Section 13 of the 
Lien Law of the State of New York, covenants that the 
Grantor will receive the consideration for this convey- 
ance and will hold the right to receive such consider­
ation as a trust fund for the purposes of paying the cost, 
of the improvement and will apply the same first to the 
payment of the cost of the improvement before using any 
part of the same for any other purpose.

sip

The Grantee accepts and ratifies the provisions of 
the Declaration and the By-Laws (and any Rules and Regu­
lations adopted under the By-Laws) and agrees to comply 
with all the terms and previsions thereof.

~

The term "Grantee" shall be read as "Grantees" 
whenever the sense of this Deed so requires.

1

This unit is intended for commercial use.

-■]

Sail
spurn
iiiiiS
ggligg
lisll
MB

||igp

0. *

mm

I .

‘Tit

ui«W*V -i

:wm^m
•VWJ'-.SV-.-T!!

:W?‘

/j

I:

811111

f

• 'r‘v$0bY?l
r'm
' .-Mi:
■mi
mi
‘tfl-rff r'..

-
3
(aia^aa

. ':?ci
,02-New York .^tY. f (;A
Dlnf^ r**bt*iary li, 1,95 • ^i42 Wt

. . SjSf:

CTgggS

Eilffl

' ’-ttek 
; .. :0.

'■ M®1
: 
*rv4-i r't-f-

i‘.r
l«3»ry:

rt^tte.-TT,:
^3

,v.:'mp^
s
Kfcft

mimm
i

Lw-' • - ' 
. i.

Tr-r-...................
™^feaas
®a

Sw
jgBMmm
amggHMaggmsi
gfcS

=== page 436 ===
Case 25-11853-KBO    Doc 396-2    Filed 03/31/26    Page 436 of 551

ryy
xxszz.
-’M&
ittSS&S
memm
M
i

mmmmSSm
m^ryr-n
:rm
ZW8
S^StZySiS.

i-f .'•-£$■

jiff
FfEI. ? 81| IP5 f 8 51
^3

»£:.■.>

l
m
m
Wm
mm

53?
f;r

r .*
zi*hti
IM WITNESS WHEREOF, the Grantor and the Grantee have 
duly executed this Indenture as o£ the day and year first 
above written.
Hitettiti

«3

■f?
US

fe-
S4S3
IAN SCHRAGER HOTELS LLC,

Grantor
:< «

T&xr&xA
j0m

By i
Name* 
/H> /
Titlei f.ictocn'UJt J'i 1 •l'’*J0ry
‘
nr>ri

KSSfeSS;
1- ffv'► UJrV-iV-i

HENRY HUDSON HOLDINGS LLC,

Grantee
111
7s-4<2LSL
By t
H
Name« fr&UC Ah i 
Title*AKThini^d Sipnalofy
r.
pB
fes

i.
Si
p-
•■/fW

p-
te".

fraSHg*!

'>4^1

rf-.*

T^

• Sfe^cT.

iV
;
MW
SSSiSlpi

£■'

«/■

;-ss^
■Hr
mtamt
jaK^lrp/gi^Bg

7!r; -;r’.

—'_v *_*L#
' »»
.'’!!

5??;
■y

V
. 4»..{
r

ggi^

*. ^
ijyggigpg
'±U£j£ri^&i£^SS

:®

•LJ^£3.
4
»
•®1i
*r*4..::-flow YorkitA

,,;iit

iss
ie'r£3$§?M:
"r:A
m
rra^j.
bS^IS
1-35*31
eng^nraa

fffl
1
£r|Sffl
IggsjR

..............v>—i
^ZamS
ism-.i&sv

SimimMrfAhtaViWilW'.cafia 
g*. iM

R»1
IlffiP
T-f-3»fjrr.‘:r
..... .^Wiffi£irisfeiteteS&
^pg^pS^^i! LT.r.. •.
.....
EjfihaifeS
^jife»2rSi
^::'.:r.v..r
^Mrasssi?

•t—.* .* ;r*S7ir~?3 j>» :v.* f~b~« ^s-T*t4i.Tr^?.,-neraej

=== page 437 ===
Case 25-11853-KBO    Doc 396-2    Filed 03/31/26    Page 437 of 551

ilMMg
mW^mmfmmm^i^mmm

^7tt<Ti!3I
mm
g
*rg
i

i^vS

BSg^ftnstS^^afeKt^igr^r&yZ&t!'JPis£f£i&i!S!!g m »««. -—.
_ ._ --------- . j. — . . i.........-jt-- . __ -._ 
u->T- i. -js.-finr.-ii ri--£.w^i ■ ^3**S2-i

H I
n
«?*► 'i»**T*-'* <*V?if»Tr»^'
■t^rorw
jJ^tJ
Is
as
mi. ? B l) I P! I 8 5 8

=gg.gja
fp,4i

■ 15

rtiS
•J Kafc
STATE OF NEW YORK
),
ISTT

) ss.
sill
rjgfli
COUNTY OF NEW YORK )
mizz

11|

On t-.he /p>^ day of February in the year 1999 before 
roe, the undersigned, a notary public in and for said state,
personally appeared ^g-WWfv\A\._ _ _ _ , personally known to
roe or proved to me on the oasis of satisfactory evidence to be 
the individual whose name is subscribed to the within instru­
ment and acknowledged to me that he/sho/fehey executed the same 
in his/hee/their capacity, and that by his/her/their signature 
on the instrument, the individual, or the person upon behalf 
of which the individual acted, executed the instrument.

Mm
IhSi
fapl
mm
mm.i

/yv^O.

^$.&A%A,L*J‘r' 
2$. (jJx d.&J-tZ/
Notary Public 
My commission expiress
P

i

[Notary Seal]
mm
*;uili;iv;„ wv.ivm 
Neuiy !Jubllc, oi Kt/i Yu'l.
- 
mMM'.-rlM
^ Qmllfod m Quoen< « «>mh*v
(tonmlMJOft Kxplra* now. ?, ?<&.>
wm
~Li -i 
i4
mm
issaas^
STATE OF NEW YORK )
m
■sm
mm
"imt

ffa
Sm
wm

H

ivfiiSn

) ss.
COUNTY OF NEW YORK )
1
On the tyfc day of February in the year 1999 before 
me, the undersigned, a notary public in and for said state, 
personally appeared Peter W. Ahl, personally known to me or 
proved to me on the basis of satisfactory evidence to be the 
individual whose name is subscribed to the within instrument 
and acknowledged to me that he/stoe/they executed the same in 
his/hasAheir capacity, and that by his/her/therir signature on 
the instrument, the individual, or the person upon behalf of 
which the individual acted, executed the instrument.

mmm

My commission expirest

SB
mm
[Notary Seal]

'."'A*. I ic . ' 
flotluy J-Ufil':,:

HO, 
.
Quatlriori In Ciuclus r 
CommiMiou 
Nov. <.

STATE OF NEW YORK )

)
SS.
COUNTY OF NEW YORK )
tSS

wm,

5
*•'(*>:.c■-n*w r^iki^A
r^vii
i

iill

^‘vl

■SMvM
■

r -JtmfU,
* *
ip
mmrnrnm

feYy^^^Mj™ss3g^^^^aS;55jff1ga-g:jiSiS'g>gi:sj775:5gS'5??Ss-;-5-5'!j;7-v-AfSj»a5v7TSj"g£j5tBS.jgg^:g;-gfeigg;sjgESfc^f-. ^BisSS

=== page 438 ===
Case 25-11853-KBO    Doc 396-2    Filed 03/31/26    Page 438 of 551

wmsam
jgSi
Hsi

mmam

SK^r.TOfUf^^S^fn^SSI
!*U?S
Si£j~M
i&i
:■*{
m

i&5£b<S&
mmm

i3Sj
Ha ? 8 4 IP81 8 5 <1
xfsar
zr?r?g!^s
wpwi

FH
vgim
^ssg

T"—^

’ 
t-T- rnrzjlz ~
msm
zimmid
mmm
SSB
lllii
mmm
mspi
wmA
liSJSEQisS?;
wm
tea
wi&M.

;-Sy

■ygttkwsfcj
mmmsz
M
ipl

SCHEDULE A
M
fill
ALL that certain plot,' piece or parcel of land, situate, lying 
and being in the Borough of Manhattan, city, County and State , 
of New York, bounded and described as followsi
BEGINNING at a point on the northerly side of 57th Street 
distant 20 feet easterly from the corner formed by the inter* 
section of the easterly side of 9th Avenue and with the north­
erly side of 57th Street;
RUNNING THENCE Easterly along the said northerly side of 57th 
Street 155 feet;
THENCE Northerly parallel with 9th Avenue 200 feet 10 inches 
to the southerly side of 58th Street;
THENCE Westerly along the said southerly side of 58th Street 
135 feet to a point distant 40 feet easterly from the corner 
formed by the intersection of the southerly side of 58th 
Street with the easterly side of 9th Avenue;
THENCE Southerly parallel with 9th Avenue and part of the 
distant through a party wall 100 feet 10 inches;
THENCE Westerly parallel more or less with 58th Street 20 
feet;
THENCE Southerly and part of the way through another party 
v/all 100 feet to the northerly side of 57th Street, the point 
or place of BEGINNING.

?MSm
ffiil

ssggsZp.

-rVifh
w
i
sfc'srs/*'.??"
mm
eS

vrr ■

n
Yotk^A
mman
IWim
W
mm
.-jff
-■•rim
MM
MM

ftjM
auiii
wBM
res;

______________*-■ • • -.......................... -------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------

£K»S?
^ar;
1^£
-v» h
aTOE^srearya

—-

=== page 439 ===
Case 25-11853-KBO    Doc 396-2    Filed 03/31/26    Page 439 of 551

Zx!'>

ffeg
ESliafil
__________ __ ____ —----- — 
U
ns

a^SasfijL,
rxtfr
?SrXir;.,;v

SB»»-

J PP

.-rr^

M’SHVlBbo

P«
mm

CITY REGISTER RECORDING AND ENDORSEMENT PAGE

- NEW YORK COUNTY -
{This pane forms part of the instrument)

^ir.tr^i
avy*-.
JTas?
Sffe;
^^Tnr.-Jr

' vT>r-f.v:rgq
ffiil

Vf
Wrii-^:3s
BtocR(s>: _. J 048.

RttURN TO:

Lot(s): 
1.702
@35
WSm
NAME *
Neil L. Rock, Esq.
3Hadden,Arps.Slate.Meaoer<Flom LLP
ADDRESS v
919 Third Avenue

HP *

STATE T

10022

city "~ 
""
New York, New York
t&dm
m
r
RECORD &

^^•rtAfiaZ
EES
Title Associates
Title/Agent Company Nanw. Inc. 
___
P®
SSHf

wm
HtfeCompany NumbonTAitO9 ( 01) 054
nfiiigaaa
W

jgjg

■■■mkuXSQEXSS
THE FOnS^^HNS

EKdirrfnad by (■'•): ~7 
—
ipKS
fctJtifJ
TRUMEMT WAS ENDORSED FOR THE RECORD AS FOLLOWS:

MwSF?
J13562
CHyEtoWWer 
Sartsi Number
grMtg
Mtge Tax Sarial No. ____

Mlg« Amount .....$

Verifiad
3y(•*): 
___
m«Rxad.« 
By </.): (V
.c-v

Taxablo Amount

1(a) wAmd
$
1>**
Block(s) and lot(S)«
i>y(/
Hi
Pis
YES U
NO □
Exemption (✓)
Tax Map .........□
/r Mi'< faiB
Address

fiTiint
roa
Dwelling Type:
Recording Foe.

■tMmSr,--^
Typo:
^ [ssseej r 268 ] [OTHER___ ..J
Lot(s)___
Extra BlncKO)
WIRO^eOM
^1$
f

[llo2j [9 1 [4l#Sj [oVMSj
/i.

Affidavit Pee.....(C)

TP-584/582 Fee (Y)

l T'jiTV, -/.'J
TAX RBCBIVeO ON ABOVE MORTOAOE ▼
si
WS?'rf
.VJ
VMJ&t
sss^
County (basic)....

RPTT Fee.

CHy <AddTl).........

HPO-C—!—□
HPD-A ■

SpocAddfl ........
sy-

f.V>
gfefe
iiffiiil

New Yort State Real Estate Tra
a Transfer
MZ

003792
MtA........

NYCTA ....

:

New York City Rea) 
Property Transler Tax 
Serial Number Hw-
TOTAL TAX

fr-i*
Serial
Number hin*
i. -
..s>
F^WI
______ to

Ofy-t
■32.00

Apportionment Mortgage (/) YES Q NO O

i.0/)[L CBtiR RKPT Mir IMF 
1 .5189? Hir lj:w 1*111

1-
aoy A. Dcbiu/y. City RflQiulftr

1 ■
New York State 
Gains Tax
Serial Number *►

Tax ▼
»w5
$____
TASF ........
RfeK
$
mam. 
■SSL
an
E8BS’
jmssStjSsm:

RECORDED IN NEW YORK COUNTY

OFFICE OF THE CITY REGISTER
"

m

Baer-fe
Me®:

f
I'm!....: ..., , ■ .J: :2
WUiirbs My l limd nrul OlTlclal Sonl . 
.
a a^w

7iT3Sr
#?
8
m
1131

smMlS 
Mmml 
pfe§3|a
mm?

U
City KoKister
b||
•8 * H • Ofl»
a

l>.. a i.. s « ■’ 1 /.-•-• j-.a
ftf-i
isMa

Zfg;
WMmmM
Eftfcd
mg#.
m
iS
m

..............

ei

CT
'i
J
gjl

-tiM
34 V
4*
r-t.
.. . J *

’W$*n, 
zsmv.'tA
StSfrW

■. 
-* --v .rj:•-“.-r-sv.-i.■ ,'rfrr-T-r.vj^'2

=== page 440 ===
Case 25-11853-KBO    Doc 396-2    Filed 03/31/26    Page 440 of 551

NYC DEPARTMENT OF FINANCE

OFFICE OF THE CITY REGISTER

Document Date: 11 -24-2020

This page is part of the instrument. The City 
Register will rely on the information provided 
by you on this page for purposes of indexing 
this instrument. The information on this page 
will control for indexing purposes in the event 
of any conflict with the rest of the document.
2020120200374002002E7430
RECORDING AND ENDORSEMENT COVER PAGE
PAGE 1 OF 11
Preparation Date: 12-02-2020
Document ID: 2020120200374002
Document Type: DEED, OTHER 
Document Page Count: 10

RETURN TO:
WEIL GOTSHAL & MANGES LLP 
767 FIFTH AVE 
DAVID HERMAN ESQ 
NEW YORK, NY 10153

PRESENTER:
FIRST AMERICAN TITLE INSURANCE CO NCS
666 THIRD AVENUE
3020-990850NY IAS
NEW YORK, NY 10017
212-850-0652
ASCARPA@FIRSTAM.COM

PROPERTY DATA 
Unit Address
Borough
MANHATTAN

353 WEST 57TH STREET

Block Lot
1048 
1701 Entire Lot 1
Property Type: COMMERCIAL CONDO UNIT(S)

Unit
Address
Borough
MANHATTAN
2
353 WEST 57TH STREET

Block Lot
1048 
1702 Entire Lot
Property Type: COMMERCIAL CONDO UNIT(S)

CROSS REFERENCE DATA

Reel____Page
or File Number
CRFN
DocumentID
Year
or
or

PARTIES
GRANTOR:
HENRY HUDSON HOLDINGS, EEC

131 SPRING STREET, 4TH FLOOR, SUITE 401-2
NEW YORK, NY 10012

GRANTEE:
EC 58TH STREET EEC
C/O: ELDRIDGE INDUSTRIES EEC, 600 STEAMBOAT 
ROAD, SUITE 200 
GREENWICH, CT 06830

FEES ANfD TAXES

Filing Fee:
Mortgage :
Mortgage Amount:
$
250.00
$
0.00
Taxable Mortgage Amount:
NYC Real Property Transfer Tax:
$
0.00
Exemption:
7,053,998.07
$
TAXES: County (Basic):
$
0.00
NYS Real Estate Transfer Tax:
City (Additional):
$
0.00
$
1,746,706.00
Spec (Additional):
$
0.00
RECORDED OR FILED IN THE OFFICE
TASF:
$
0.00
^*!**^OF the city register of the

CITY OF NEW YORK
MTA:
$
0.00
NYCTA:
$
0.00
Recorded/Filed
12-04-2020 14:27
-4
Hi#*
SgS-n •, % 4
Additional MRT:
$
0.00
>7;

City Register File No.(CRFN):
TOTAL:
$
0.00
2020000344628
Recording Fee:
$
90.00
ISy
Affidavit Fee:
$
0.00
7
City Register Official Signature

=== page 441 ===
Case 25-11853-KBO    Doc 396-2    Filed 03/31/26    Page 441 of 551

PEED IN LIEU OF FORECLOSURE

This INDENTURE, made the day of November, two thousand and twenty

BETWEEN

BDENRY HUDSON HOLDINGS, LLC, a Delaware limited liability company, having 
an address at 131 Spring Street, 4th Floor, New York, New York,

party of the first part, and

EC 58th STREET LLC, a Delaware limited liability company, having an address at 
600 Steamboat Road, Greenwich, Connecticut,

party of the second part,

WITNESSETH, that the party of the first part, in consideration of Ten Dollars ($10.00) 
and other good and valuable consideration paid by the party of the second part, does 
hereby grant and release unto the party of the second part, the heirs or successors and 
assigns of the party of the second part forever,

ALL that certain plot, piece or parcel of land, with the buildings and improvements 
thereon erected, described on Exhibit A hereto:
Tax Map 
Designation:

See Exhibit A attached hereto and incorporated herein by this reference (the 
“Premises”!
Block.: 1048

Lot(s): 1701

and 1702

TOGETHER with all right, title and interest, if any, of the party of the first part in and 
to any streets and roads abutting the above described Premises to the center lines thereof;

TOGETHER with the appurtenances and all the estate and rights of the party of the 
first part in and to said Premises;

TO HAVE AND TO HOLD the Premises herein granted unto the party of the second 
part, the heirs or successors and assigns of the party of the second part forever;

9283/16226-002 CURRENT/119832177V4
©

=== page 442 ===
Case 25-11853-KBO    Doc 396-2    Filed 03/31/26    Page 442 of 551

AND the party of the first part, in compliance with Section 13 of the Lien Law, 
covenants that the party of the first part will receive the consideration for this conveyance 
and will hold the right to receive such consideration as a trust fund to be applied first for 
the purpose of paying the cost of the improvements and will apply the same first to the 
payment of the cost of the improvement before using any part of the total of the same 
for any other purpose;

AND the party of the first part and the party of the second part (by its acceptance of this 
Deed) acknowledge and agree that it is their mutual intent that the conveyances and 
transfers pursuant to this Deed do not and shall not effect a merger of (i) Holliday Park, 
LLC and its interest in the Property under the mortgages set forth on Exhibit B attached 
hereto with (ii) the party of the second part’s interest in the Property pursuant to this 
Deed. The party of the first part acknowledges and agrees that this is the (i) the free and 
voluntary act of the party of the first part, (ii) the conveyance is intended to be an 
absolute, unconditional and irrevocable conveyance and (iii) the consideration is fair and 
adequate and is of reasonably equivalent value.

The word “party” shall be construed as if it read “parties” whenever the sense of this 
indenture so requires.

[Signature Page Follows.]

9283/16226-002 CURRENT/119832177V4

=== page 443 ===
Case 25-11853-KBO    Doc 396-2    Filed 03/31/26    Page 443 of 551

IN WITNESS WHEREOF, the party of the first part has duly executed this deed the day and 
year first above written.

HENRY HUDSON HOLDINGS, LLC

By: 
Hudson Delano Senior Mezz LLC,
its sole member

By: 
Hudson Delano Junior Mezz LLC,

its sole member

By: 
Morgans Group, LLC,
its sole member

By: 
Morgans Hotel Group Co. LLC,

its sole member

By: 
SBE ENT Holdings, LLC,
its sole member

By.
Name: PhilippeS£{ihen J 
Title: Chief Business^officer

NJeu Vocic
State of

) ss.:
County of
Voeit

On the 13 day of Kloyewpn in the year 2020 before me, the undersigned personally appeared

fy'urpf ZiudgM

personally known to me or proved to me on the basis of 
satisfactory evidence to be the individual(s) whose name(s) is (are) subscribed to the within 
instrument and acknowledged to me that he/she/they executed the same in his/her/their 
capacity(ies), and that by his/her their signature(s) on the instrument, the individual(s), or the 
person upon behalf of which the individual(s) acted, executed the instrument.

idual

SARA ELIZABETH COOY
Notary Pubflc, State of Naw Ybfk

tu^eapd Office of indwjj 
t acknowledgment

Signa
taking

No. 91006405567 
QuaNfedinNew York Countv 
CorniMonEj^pfeM March 9^2024

[Signature Page to Bargain and Sale Deed in Lieu of Foreclosure]

=== page 444 ===
Case 25-11853-KBO    Doc 396-2    Filed 03/31/26    Page 444 of 551

BARGAIN AND SALE DEED WITHOUT 
COVENANT AGAINST GRANTOR’S ACT

TITLE
NO.

SECTION:
BLOCK: 1048
LOT(S): 1701 and 1702
COUNTY OR TOWN: New York County
TAX BILLING ADDRESS:
TO

c/o Eldridge Industries, LLC 
600 Steamboat Road, 
Greenwich, Connecticut 06830
EC 58th STREET LLC, a Delaware limited liability 
company

RECORD AND RETURN BY MAIL TO:

Weil, Gotshal & Manges LLP 
767 Fifth Avenue 
New York, NY 10153 
Attention: David Herman, Esq.

9283/;!6226-002 CURRENT/119832177V4

=== page 445 ===
Case 25-11853-KBO    Doc 396-2    Filed 03/31/26    Page 445 of 551

EXHIBIT A

Premises

PARCEL I (Unit 1 a/k/a EBC Unit. Lot 17011:

The Condominium Unit (hereinafter referred to as the "Unit") known as Unit 1, also known as EBC 
Unit, in the building (hereinafter referred to as the "Building") known as 353 West 57th Street

Condominium and by the street number 353 West 57th Street, New York, New York, said Unit being 
designated and described in a certain Declaration dated 4/11/1985 made by Irving Schatz pursuant to 
Article 9-B of the Real Property Law of the State of New York establishing a plan for condominium 
ownership of the Building and the land (hereinafter referred to as the "Land") upon which the building 
is situated (which land is morn particularly described below), and which Declaration was recorded in 
the Office of the City Register, New York County on 4/24/1985 in Heel 902 Page 1 and amended by 
First Amendment to Declaration dated 1/29/1993 and recorded 5/11/1993 in Reel 1969 Page 2286, 
further amended by Amended and Restated Declaration made by Henry Hudson Holdings LLC, Irving 
Schatz, Adrienne Wechsler and Cheryl Hirsch dated as of 2/12/1999 and recorded 7/16/1999 in Reel 
2913 Page 1753 and Amendment to Amended and Restated Declaration dated as of 9/30/1999, 
recorded 10/27/1999 in Reel 2979 Page 2159 (which declaration, as amended, is hereinafter referred 
to as the "Declaration"). Said Unit is also designated as Tax Lot 1701 in Block 1048 of Section 4 of 
the Borough of Manhattan on the Tax Map of the Real Property Assessment Department of the City 
Of New York and on the Floor Plans of the Building, Certified by Butler Rogers Basket! Architects, 
on 3/27/1985 and filed in the Real Property Assessment Department of the City of New York on 
4/22/1985 as Condominium Plan No. 208 and also filed in the New York County Register’s Office 
on 4/24/1985 as Condominium Map No. 4326, as amended by amended Floor Plans Certified by 
Butler Rogers Basket! Architects, on 12/14/1992, which amended Floor Plans were filed in the Real 
Property Assessment Department of the City of New York on 5/5/1993 as Condominium Plan No. 
208A and also filed in the New York County Register’s Office on 5/11/1993 as Condominium Map 
No. 5192.

Together with an undivided 44.05105% interest in the common elements (as such term is defined in 
The Declaration).

PARCEL H (Unit 2 a/k/a Modified Hotel Unit. Lot 17021;

The Condominium Unit (hereinafter referred to as the "Unit") known as Unit 2, also known as 
Modified Hotel Unit, in the building (hereinafter referred to as the "Building") known as 353 West 
57th Street Condominium and by the street number 353 West 57th Street, New York, New York, said 
Unit being designated and described in a certain Declaration dated 4/11/1985 made by Irving Schatz 
pursuant to Article 9-B of the Real Property Law of the State of New York establishing a plan for

condominium ownership of the Building and the land (hereinafter referred to as the "Land") upon 
which the building is situated (which land is more particularly described below), and which 
Declaration was recorded in the Office of the City Register, New York County on 4/24/1985 in Reel

902 Page 1 and amended by First Amendment to Declaration dated 1/29/1993 and recorded 5/11/1993 
in Reel 1969 Page 2286, further amended by Amended and Restated Declaration made by Henry 
Hudson Holdings LLC, Irving Schatz, Adrienne Wechsler and Cheryl Hirsch dated as of 2/12/1999 
and recorded 7/16/1999 in Reel 2913 Page 1753 and Amendment to Amended and Restated 
Declaration dated as of 9/30/ll999, recorded 10/27/1999 in Reel 2979 Page 2159 (which declaration, 
as amended, is hereinafter referred to as the "Declaration"). Said Unit is also designated as Tax Lot

9283/16226-002 CURRENT/119832177V4

=== page 446 ===
Case 25-11853-KBO    Doc 396-2    Filed 03/31/26    Page 446 of 551

1702 in Block 1048 of Section 4 of the Borough of Manhattan on the Tax Map of the Real Property 
Assessment Department of the City Of New York and on the Floor Plans of the Building, Certified 
by Butler Rogers Baskett Architects, on 3/27/1985 and filed in the Real Property Assessment 
Department of the City of New York on 4/22/1985 as Condominium Plan No. 208 and also filed in 
the New York County Register’s Office on 4/24/1985 as Condominium Map No. 4326, as amended 
by amended Floor Plans Certified by Butler Rogers Baskett Architects, on 12/14/1992, which 
amended Floor Plans were filed in the Real Property Assessment Department of the City of New York 
on 5/5/1993 as Condominium Plan No. 208A and also filed in the New York County Register’s Office 
on 5/11/1993 as Condominiurp Map No. 5192.

Together with an undivided 46.94011% interest in the common elements (as such term is defined in 
the Declaration).

Which Condominium Units are located on the land described below:

All that certain plot, piece or parcel of land, situate, lying and being in the Borough of Manhattan, 
City, County and State of New York, bounded and described as follows:

BEGINNING at a point on the northerly side of 57th Street, distant 20 feet easterly from the 
corner formed by the intersection of the easterly side of Ninth Avenue with the northerly side of 
57th Street;

RUNNING THENCE easterly along the said northerly side of 57th Street, 155 feet;

THENCE northerly parallel with Ninth Avenue, 200 feet 10 inches to the southerly side of 58th 
Street;

THENCE westerly along the said southerly side of 58th Street, 135 feet to a point distant 40 feet 
easterly from the comer formed by the intersection of the southerly side of 58th Street with the 
easterly side of Ninth Avenue;

THENCE southerly parallel with Ninth Avenue and part of the distance through a party wall, 100 
feet 10 inches;

THENCE westerly parallel more or less with 58th Street, 20 feet; and

THENCE southerly and part of the way through another party wall, 100 feet to the northerly side 
of 57th Street, the point or place of BEGINNING.

356 West 58th Street
New York, New York 10019
Block 1048, Lots 1701 and 1702

9283/16226-002 CURRENT/119832177V4

=== page 447 ===
Case 25-11853-KBO    Doc 396-2    Filed 03/31/26    Page 447 of 551

Exhibits

Mortgages

MORTGAGE ’A’

T

AMENDED AND RESTATED REPLACEMENT MORTGAGE A made by HENRY HUDSON 
HOLDINGS LLC, MORGANS HOLDINGS LLC, AND ROYALTON, LLC to WACHOVIA 
BANK, NATIONAL ASSOCIATION in the amount of $217,000,000.00 dated 10/6/2006, 
recorded 12/11/2006 as CRFN 2006000679014.

[NOTE-THIS MORTGAGE DERIVED FROM A NOTE AND MORTGAGE SEVERANCE 
AGREEMEENTRECORDED 12/11/2006 AS CRFN200600067901]

PARTIAL RELEASE OF MORTGAGE made by and between HENRY HUDSON HOLDINGS 
LLC, MORGANS HOLDINGS LLC, AND ROYALTON, LLC and WACHOVIA BANK, 
NATIONAL ASSOCIATION dated 10/6/2006, recorded 12/11/2006, as CRFN 2006000679017. 
Releases Royalton Hotel and Morgans Hotel, Block 867 Lot 20 and Block 1259 Lot 11, other 
premises not made a part hereof, from Mortgage 'A'.

AGREEMENT OF CONSOLIDATION AND MODIFICATION OF MORTGAGE, SECURITY 
AGREEMENT, ASSIGNMENT OF RENTS AND FIXTURE FILING made by and between 
HENRY HUDSON HOLDINGS LLC and WACHOVIA BANK, NATIONAL ASSOCIATION 
dated as of 10/6/2006, recorded 12/11/2006, as CRFN 2006000679020. Modifies, extends and 
spreads Mortgage 'A' over those portions of the premises not already covered thereby, and 
amends and restates same, amount outstanding is $217,000,000.00.

ASSIGNMENT OF MORTGAGE made by WACHOVIA BANK, NATIONAL 
ASSOCIATION to LASALLE BANK NATIONAL ASSOCIATION, AS TRUSTEE FOR THE 
BENEFIT OF THE HOLDERS OF WACHOVIA BANK COMMERCIAL MORTGAGE 
TRUST, COMMERCIAL MORTGAGE PASS-THROUGH CERTIFICATES, SERIES 2007- 
WHALE 8, solely to the extent set forth in the applicable Partition Agreement, the applicable 
Non-Trust Portion Holder dated as of 6/27/2007, recorded 11/27/2007 as CRFN 
2007000587889. Assigns Mortgage ’A’.

MODIFICATION OF AGREEMENT OF CONSOLIDATION AND MODIFICATION OF 
MORTGAGE, SECURITY AGREEMENT, ASSIGNMENT OF RENTS AND FIXTURE 
FILING made by and between HENRY HUDSON HOLDINGS LLC and BANK OF 
AMERICA, NATIONAL ASSOCIATION, AS SUCCESSOR BY MERGER TO LASALLE 
BANK NATIONAL ASSOCIATION, AS TRUSTEE FOR THE BENEFIT OF THE HOLDERS 
OF WACHOVIA BANK COMMERCIAL MORTGAGE TRUST, COMMERCIAL 
MORTGAGE PASS-THROUGH CERTIFICATES, SERIES 2007-WHALE 8, dated as of 
9/30/2010, recorded 10/14/2010 as CRFN 2010000344286. Modifies Mortgage ’A’ as amended 
and restated by CRFN 2006000679014.

9283/16226-002 CURRENT/119832177V4

=== page 448 ===
Case 25-11853-KBO    Doc 396-2    Filed 03/31/26    Page 448 of 551

ASSIGNMENT OF MORTGAGE made by BANK OF AMERICA, NATIONAL 
ASSOCIATION AS SUCCESSOR BY MERGER TO LASALLE BANK NATIONAL 
ASOCIATION, AS TRUSTEE FQR THE BENEFIT OF THE HOLDERS OF WACHOVIA 
BANK COMMERCIAL MORTGAGE TRUST, COMMERCIAL MORTGAGE PASS­
THROUGH CERTIFICATES, SERIES 2007-WHALE 8 to DEUTSCHE BANK TRUST 
COMPANY AMERICAS, AS ADMINISTRATIVE AGENT dated as of 08/12/2011, recorded 
09/16/2011 in (as) CRFN 2011000329360. Assigns above Replacement Mortgage 'A'.

AMENDED, RESTATED AND CONSOLIDATED MORTGAGE, ASSIGNMENT OF 
LEASES AND RENTS, HOTEL REVENUE AND SECURITY AGREEMENT made by and 
between HENRY HUDSON HOLDINGS LLC, HUDSON LEASECO LLC AND 58TH

STREET BAR COMPANY LLC and DEUTSCHE BANK TRUST COMPANY AMERICAS, 
AS ADMINISTRATIVE AGENT dated as of08/12/2011, recorded 09/16/2011, in (as) CRFN 
2011000329361. Amends and restates and spreads the Amended and Restated Replacement 
Mortgage 'A' into a valid first lien in the amount of $115,000,000.00.

FIRST AMENDMENT TO AMENDED, RESTATED AND CONSOLIDATED MORTGAGE, 
ASSIGNMENT OF LEASES AND RENTS, HOTEL REVENUE AND SECURITY 
AGREEMENT AND TO ASSIGNMENT OF LEASES AND RENTS AND HOTEL 
REVENUES made by and between HENRY HUDSON HOLDINGS LLC, HUDSON 
LEASECO LLC AND 58TH STREET BAR COMPANY LLC and DEUTSCHE BANK TRUST 
COMPANY AMERICAS, AS ADMINISTRATIVE AGENT dated as of 12/07/2011, recorded 
02/21/2012, in (as) CRFN 2012000068316. Amends and Restates the above Amended and 
Restated Consolidated Mortgage, Assignment of Leases and Rents, Hotel Revenue and Security 
Agreement.

ASSIGNMENT OF MORTGAGE made by DEUTSCHE BANK TRUST COMPANY 
AMERICAS, AS ADMINISTRATIVE AGENT to UBS REAL ESTATE SECURITIES INC., 
dated as of 11/14/2012 and recorded 11/26/2012 as CRFN 2012000461819.

FOR CONSOLIDATION, SEE MORTGAGE ’B'

MORTGAGE ’B'

FEE AND LEASEHOLD MORTGAGE made by HENRY HUDSON HOLDINGS LLC and 
HUDSON LEASECO LLC and 58TH STREET BAR COMPANY LLC to UBS REAL 
ESTATE SECURITIES INC. in the amount of $65,000,000.00 dated as of 11/14/2012 and 
recorded 11/26/2012 as CRFN 2012000461820.

CONSOLIDATED AMENDED AND RESTATED FEE AND LEASEHOLD MORTGAGE 
AND SECURITY AGREEMENT made by HENRY HUDSON HOLDINGS LLC and 
HUDSON LEASECO LLC and 58TH STREET BAR COMPANY LLC to UBS REAL 
ESTATE SECURITIES INC. dated as of 11/14/2012 and recorded 11/26/2012 as CRFN 
2012000461821. Consolidates Mortgages 'A' and 'B' to form a single lien in the amount of 
$180,000,000.00.

9283/16226-002 CURRENT/119832177V4

V

-i ,

=== page 449 ===
Case 25-11853-KBO    Doc 396-2    Filed 03/31/26    Page 449 of 551

ASSIGNMENT OF MORTGAGE made by UBS REAL ESTATE SECURITIES 
INC. to CITIGROUP GLOBAL MARKETS REALTY CORP. AND BANK OF AMERICA, 
N.A. dated as of 2/6/2014, recorded 2/14/2014 in (as) CRFN 2014000058277. Assigns 
Mortgage(s) 'A' and 'B' as consolidated.

FOR CONSOLIDATION, SEE MORTGAGE ’C

MORTGAGE 'C

CONSOLIDATED, AMENDED AND RESTATED FEE AND LEASEHOLD MORTGAGE 
AND SECURITY AGREEMENT made by HENRY HUDSON HOLDINGS LLC, 58TH

STREET BAR COMPANY LLC AND HUDSON LEASECO LLC to CITIGROUP GLOBAL 
MARKETS REALTY CORP. AND BANK OF AMERICA, N.A. in the amount of 
$$53,333,333.34 dated 2/6/2014, recorded 2/14/2014 in (as) CRFbf 2014000058278. This 
Mortgage, by its terms, was consolidated with Mortgages A and B to form a single lien in the 
amount of $233,333,333.34.

I-HD,

ASSIGNMENT OF MORTGAGE made by CITIGROUP GLOBAL MARKETS REALTY 
CORP. AND BANK OF AMERICA, N.A. to DEUTSCHE BANK TRUST COMPANY 
AMERICAS, AS TRUSTEE FOR CGBAM COMMERCIAL MORTGAGE TRUST

COMMERCIAL MORTGAGE PASS-THROUGH CERTIFICATES, SERIES 2014-HD, AND 
THE COMPANION LOAN HOLDER dated as of 5/28/2014, recorded 8/4/2014 in (as) CRFN 
2014000255044. Assigns Mortgage(s) 'A', 'B' and 'C, as consolidated.

ASSIGNMENT OF MORTGAGE made by DEUTSCHE BANK TRUST COMPANY 
AMERICAS, AS TRUSTEE FOR CGBAM COMMERCIAL MORTGAGE TRUST 2014-HD, 
COMMERCIAL MORTGAGE PASS-THROUGH CERTIFICATES, SERIES 2014-HD, AND 
THE COMPANION LOAN HOLDER to COLUMN FINANCIAL, INC. dated as of 2/9/2017, 
recorded 2/21/2017 in (as) CRFN 2017000070240. Assigns Mortgage(s) 'A', 'B' and 'C, as 
consolidated.

AMENDED AND RESTATED FEE AND LEASEHOLD MORTGAGE AND SECURITY 
AGREEMENT made by and between HENRY HUDSON HOLDINGS LLC, 58TH STREET 
BAR COMPANY LLC AND HUDSON LEASECO LLC and COLUMN FINANCIAL,
INC. dated as of 2/9/2017, recorded 2/21/2017, in (as) CRFN 2017000070241. Amends and 
Restates Mortgage(s) 'A', 'B', and 'C, as consolidated in the unpaid amount of $225,000,000.00.

ASSIGNMENT OF MORTGAGE made by COLUMN FINANCIAL, INC. to U.S. BANK 
NATIONAL ASSOCIATION, NOT IN ITS INDIVIDUAL CAPACITY BUT SOLELY IN ITS

CAPACITY AS TRUSTEE IN TRUST FOR HOLDERS OF CSMC TRUST 2017-HD 
COMMERCIAL MORTGAGE PASS-THROUGH CERTIFICATES SERIES 2017-HD dated

3/29/2017, recorded 2/18/2020 in (as) CRFN 2020000061987. Assigns Mortgage(s) 'A', 'B' and 
'C, as consolidated.

CORRECTIVE ASSIGNMENT OF FEE AND LEASEHOLD MORTGAGE AND SECURITY 
AGREEMENT made by COLUMN FINANCIAL, INC. to U.S. BANK NATIONAL

9283/16226-002 CURRENT/119832177V4

=== page 450 ===
Case 25-11853-KBO    Doc 396-2    Filed 03/31/26    Page 450 of 551

ASSOCIATION, NOT IN ITS INDIVIDUAL CAPACITY BUT SOLELY IN ITS CAPACITY 
AS TRUSTEE IN TRUST FOR HOLDERS OF CSMC TRUST 2017-HD COMMERCIAL 
MORTGAGE PASS-THROUGH CERTIFICATES SERIES 2017-HD dated as of 05/15/2020, 
recorded 05/22/2020 in (as) CRFN 2020000154471. (NOTE: This correction Assignment is 
madp to correct the Assignment of Mortgage previously recorded on 02/18/2020 as CRFN

2020000061987 for the purpose of fixing the acknowledgment which was used in connection 
with the execution of the original assignment as well as to include the complete mortgage 
schedule which was the subjept of said assignment).

ASSIGNMENT OF MORTGAGE made by U.S. BANK NATIONAL ASSOCIATION, NOT IN 
ITS INDIVIDUAL CAPACITY BUT SOLELY IN ITS CAPACITY AS TRUSTEE IN TRUST 
FOR HOLDERS OF CSMC TRUST 2017-HD COMMERCIAL MORTGAGE PASS­
THROUGH CERTIFICATES SERIES 2017-HD to HOLLIDAY PARK, LLC dated as of 
3/20/2020, recorded 3/31/2020 in (as) CRFN 20200000113455. Assigns Mortgage(s) 'A', 'B' 
and 'C, as consolidated.

CORRECTIVE ASSIGNMENT OF FEE AND LEASEHOLD MORTGAGE AND SECURITY 
AGREEMENT made by U.S. BANK NATIONAL ASSOCIATION, NOT IN ITS 
INDIVIDUAL CAPACITY BUT SOLELY IN ITS CAPACITY AS TRUSTEE IN TRUST FOR 
HOLDERS OF CSMC TRUST 2017-HD COMMERCIAL MORTGAGE PASS-THROUGH

CERTIFICATES SERIES 2017-HD to HOLLIDAY PARK, LLC dated as of 11/^/2020 and 
being duly recorded in the Office of the New York City Register immediately prior hereto.

9283/16226-002 CURRENT/119832177V4

=== page 451 ===
Case 25-11853-KBO    Doc 396-2    Filed 03/31/26    Page 451 of 551

NYC DEPARTMENT OF FINANCE 
OFFICE OF THE CITY REGISTER

Document Date: 11-24-2020

20201202003 74002002SBAB1
SUPPORTING DOCUMENT COVER PAGE
PAGE 1 OF 1
Preparation Date: 12-02-2020
Document ID: 2020120200374002
Document Type: DEED, OTHER

ASSOCIATED TAX FORM ID: 2020111200180

SUPPORTING DOCUMENTS SUBMITTED:

Page Count
RP - 5217 REAL PROPERTY TRANSFER REPORT
4

=== page 452 ===
Case 25-11853-KBO    Doc 396-2    Filed 03/31/26    Page 452 of 551

FOR CITY USE ONLY
Cl. County Code I
REAL PROPERTY TRANSFER REPORT
j C2. Date Deed y

Recorded
/
/
I

Month
Day
Year
M
■m

STATE OF NEW YORK
STATE BOARD OF REAL PROPERTY SERVICES
!’
C3. Book I
J C4. Page [
I
>}.i
RP-5217NYC
OR
C5.CRFN
I

PROPERTYINFORMATION |

| WEST 57TH STREET 1
| 10019

353
| MANHATTAN
1. Property I 
Location L

STREET NUMBER
STREET NAME
BOROUGH
ZIP CODE

1
LAST NAME / COMPANY
FIRST NAME

2. Buyer |EC 58TH STREET LLC 
Name

LAST NAME / COMPANY
FIRST NAME

3. Tax Indicate where future Tax Bills are to be sent 
Bitting if other than buyer address (at bottom of form) [
Address
LAST NAME / COMPANY
FIRST NAME

4A. Planning Board Approval - N/A for NYC

2______| # of Parcels OR
Part of a Parcel

4. Indicate the number of Assessment 
Roll parcels transferred on the deed

4B. Agricultural District Notice - N/A for NYC

STREET NUMBER AND STREET NAME
CITY OR TOWN
STATE
ZIP CODE
□

Check the boxes below as they apply:

6. Ownership Type is Condominium

7. New Construction on Vacant Land

5. Deed 
Property L 
Size
0
Jx[
J OR L
FRONT FEET
DEPTH
ACRES
.HENRY HUDSON HOLDfNGS, LLC
8. Seller 
Name
LAST NAME/COMPANY
FIRST NAME

LAST NAME / COMPANY
FIRST NAME

9. Check the box below which most accurately describes the use of the property at the time of sale:

Industrial

Entertainment / Amusement

Residential Vacant Land

Commercial G

Community Service
One Family Residential

2 or 3 Family Residential

Public Service
A
C
E
B
D

Non-Residential Vacant Land p

Apartment H
E
0
B
B
!B

14. Check one or more of these conditions as applicable to transfer:

| SALE INFORMATION!

10. Sale Contract Date

A Sale Between Relatives or Former Relatives

| 11 
/ 24 
/ 2020 |
Month
Day
Year
B

I 11 
/ 24 
/ 2020 I
11. Date of Sale / Transfer
Month
Day
Year

Sale Between Related Companies or Partners in Business
C___One of the Buyers is also a Seller
D___ Buyer or Seller is Government Agency or Lending Institution
E___ Deed Type not Warranty or Bargain and Sale (Specify Below)
F___ Sale of Fractional or Less than Fee Interest (Specify Below)

12. Full Sale Price $
2 , 6 , 8 , 7 , 2 , 3 .7.3,61
G|___ Significant Change in Property Between Taxable Status and Sale Dates
HI Sale of Business is Included in Sale Price

t
i
i
(Full Sale Price is the total amount paid for the property including personal property. 
This payment may be in the form of cash, other property or goods, or the assumption of 
mortgages or other obligations.) Please round to the nearest whole dollar amount.
I

Other Unusual Factors Affecting Sale Price (Specify Below)
J >/ None

13. Indicate the value of personal 
property included in the sale
J
t
t
[ASSESSMENTjNFORMATIONj^Data^shouldreflecttheJatestFinalAssessmentRolland^xBilJ

16. Total Assessed Value (of all parcels in transfer) |____ L
7 5 
9 
4 
6 
9 
5,01
I R.H|
15. Building Class
t
*
*

17. Borough, Block and Lot / Roll ldentifier(s) (If more than three, attach sheet with additional identifiers))

MANHATTAN 1048 1701
MANHATTAN 1048 1702
J L
Jl

909011190018090106

=== page 453 ===
Case 25-11853-KBO    Doc 396-2    Filed 03/31/26    Page 453 of 551

BUYER'S ATTORNEY

I
CERTIFICATION
I certify that all of the items of information entered on this form are true and correct (to the best of my knowledge and belief) and 
understand that the making of any willful false statement of material fact herein will subject me to the provisions of the penal law relative to 
the making and filing of false instruments.
lujuhlMjt

1
BUYER SIGNATURE
C/0: EL6RIDGE INDUSTRIES LLC

LAST NAME
FIRST NAME
DATE
600 STEAMBOAT ROAD, SUITE
200
TELEPHONE NUMBER
AREA CODE
STREET NAME (AFTER SALE)
STREET NUMBER

iELLER
GREENWICH

CT
06830
Jl
SELLER SIGNATURE
DATE
STATE
ZIP CODE
CITY OR TOWN
/

2020111200180201

*

=== page 454 ===
Case 25-11853-KBO    Doc 396-2    Filed 03/31/26    Page 454 of 551

STATE OF NEW YORK, STATE BOARD OF REAL PROPERTY SERVICES

j REAL PROPERTY TRANSFER REPORT (RP-5217NYC)

CERTIFICATION

I certify that all of the items of information entered on this form are true and correct (to 
the best of my knowledge and belief) and I understand that the making of any willful false 
statement of material fact herein will subject me to the provisions of the penal law relative to the 
making and filing of false instruments.

BUYER;

EC 58th STREET LLC, 
a Delaware limited liability company

A4LxQ. [U
Name: Anthony D. Minella
By:

Title: President

Dated: hJOWWlfaf SA, 2020

[Signature Page to Transfer Tax Form (RP-5217) (Deed)]

■y
"■&

=== page 455 ===
Case 25-11853-KBO    Doc 396-2    Filed 03/31/26    Page 455 of 551

STATE OF NEW YORK, STATE BOARD OF REAL PROPERTY SERVICES

REAL PROPERTY TRANSFER REPORT (RP-5217NYC)

CERTIFICATION

I certify that all of the items of information entered on this form are true and correct (to 
the best of my knowledge and belief) and I understand that the making of any willful false 
statement of material fact herein will subject me to the provisions of the penal law relative to the 
making and filing of false instruments.

SELLER:
HENRY HUDSON HOLDINGS, LLC

By: 
Hudson Delano Senior Mezz LLC,
its sole member

By: 
Hudson Delano Junior Mezz LLC,
its sole member

By: 
Morgans Group, LLC,

its sole member

By: 
Morgans Hotel Group Co. LLC,
its sole member

By: 
SBE ENT Holdings, LLC,
its sole member

By:
Name: Philippe"Zriheh 
Title: Chief Business Officer

M,2020
Dated: tdovCHBgn

[Signature Page to Transfer Tax Form (RP-5217) (Deed)]

=== page 456 ===
Case 25-11853-KBO    Doc 396-2    Filed 03/31/26    Page 456 of 551

'/*
• .n

, <i
i i
r , 
1 
*' t . 1 -

PAGE I OF A PAGES
............V* b
^7“l0l3G-3 CD/cc

THE CITY OF NEW YORK

Al.T. 1 
101970921
DEPARTMENT OF BUILDINGS
&
&
trfifr
CERTIFICATE OF OCCUPANCY

NO. 101970921

0AT!|'aY I 7 2fl0t
BOROUGH Manhattan

ZONING DISTRICT C4 - 7, Cl - 8, Rl |

*

This ccrllfiBnloBUporscdcs C.O. No t 12120s
THIS CERTIFIES Ihnlllic XXX.iillcrcd-XXXXXXXXX bulldiiiB-promlses locnlcdnt

i'
353 Neat 57th Street
-V\

Block 1048 Lot 7502

l

CONFORMS SUBSTANTIALLY TO THE APPROVED PLANS AND SPECIFICATIONS AND TO THE REOUIREMENTS OF AIL APPLICABLE LAWS. 
RULES, AND REGULATIONS FOR THE USES AND OCCUPANCIES SPECIFIED HEREIN.

i;
PERAUSSIDLIC USE AND OCCUPANCY

T

DU1LDIHQ

DURDIHO

(MAXIMUM

live load 
ins. per

CODE
lUUHrADLG

CODE
occup/frev

SQ.FT.
m
zoiiiiiii
UEt GI.OUP
STOflY
DCHCRIFTIOIIOFUSe
t;

RODIM

ZOHIHO
DyVELLINO
OHROOMIHQ
urnrs

HO. OF 
PERSONS 
PERUiriEO

GROUP

r;

s
o

SUB-CELLAR
120
ISO
SHIMMING POOL, MEN'S RECREATION 
ROOM (GYM) WITH ACCESSORY USE, 
WOMAN'S LOUNGE, EMPLOYEES LOCKER 
ROOMS
OPPICES, REST ROOM, STORAGE, 
BOILER ROOM, SERVICE AND UTILITY 
ROOM, MECHANICAL EQUIPMENT ROOMS

CELLAR
120
CO

i
i

1o
76
WOMAN'S RECREATION ROOM (GYM)
WITH ACCESSORY USE, LOCKER ROOM, 
SERVICE AND UTILITY RMS,, SCENERY 
LIPT PIT, LAUNDRY RM., STORAGE

I
120
416
C
6
202
C
3
J-l

4

f
1ST FLOOR
6
P-3
HOTEL LOBBY 
SUPERMARKET 
RETAIL
SECURITY ROOM
STORAGE
OFFICES

1ST FLOOR
imz,

J-l
5
n

. “D

4
G
0-2
132

110
F-1B
1
F-lB
139

120
26
S
OPPICES 
ROOM SERVICE, 
RECEIVING 
KITCHEN
CONFERENCE SPACE
STORAGE
PANTRY
CONFERENCE ROOM 1 
COAT ROOM 
CONFERENCE ROOM 2

I
(CONTINUED)
OPEN SPACE USES

lai’IICIF Y.PAJIKIM) SPACES, iOADIIIQ tltmilB, 01IIEII USES, NDNE)

NO CHANGE OP USE OR OCCUPANCY SHALL BE MADE UNLESS

.»

A NEW AMENDED OERTIPICATE OP OCCUPANCY IS OBTAINED 
THIS OERTIPICATE OF OCCUPANCY IS ISSUED SUBJECT TO FURTHER LIMITATIONS, CONDITIONS AND 
SPECIFICATIONS NOTED ON THE REVERSE SIDE.

/L’l?

3

<

fO
L

,x "'••■IliHJ LVmmlB:.!.- "

CoJwiSSIDNCII

.1
jt

■ill. s'
X \T 
Vn\
sUFEBSirtWETur
krwmwr**** X

OFFICE COPY ■ DEPARTMENT ORB
INOS □ COPY
ORIGINAL

k-.,:

' .....
ITTSi

'v.
; . '
iifi

=== page 457 ===
Case 25-11853-KBO    Doc 396-2    Filed 03/31/26    Page 457 of 551

:■

!*;
|:V
nr -•-•

i'.'l ■•::

'pfi.m

Sun

BOB

.z*
■f-

"5

• .1
JW
1 1-'30-01
f:
1
firar-r.- ^

:

i

!

23

1 -'ii
pt 
- .

%
=

31

H
'S1

2
r-:2

fef
1
R

1=!

if
4

s??
a
I

1
1
I

|
n
s

jffe '.•.< • -

=== page 458 ===
Case 25-11853-KBO    Doc 396-2    Filed 03/31/26    Page 458 of 551

•I

II Fonit 5<l (rev, */IIS)

J-lblJ6-3 rflJ/ee
PACE 2 OF A PACES
THE CITY OF NEW YORK

ALT. I {LOL970921
DEPARTMENT OF BUILDINGS
lu-

M
CERTIFICATE OF OCCUPANCY

BOROUGH Manhattan
DATEjvj^ ] 7 2oni N°' 101970921

ZONING DISTRICT c<l - 7, Cl - s, Ri

This ccrllllciUe siipcrscclL'R C.O. No T 121285 
THIS CERTIFIES llml thu XXX-nllefctl-XXXXXXXXX biilldltig-prcinlsw located nl

353 West 57th Street

0

Block 104 8 Lot 7502

CONFORMS auaSTANTlMLY TO THE APPROVED PUNS AND SPECIFICATIONS AND TO THE REQUIREMENTS OF ALL APPLICABLE LAWS. 
RULES, AND REQULATIONB FOR THE USES AND OCCUPANCIES SPECIFIED HEREIN.

V
PERMISSIBLE USE AND OCCUPANCY

nunoiMo

MAXIMUM

niHLOWQ

CDDfl
OCCUPAUCV

1
JOUlHO
ovmuia 
on nocwiio

CODB 
HAD IT ABLE

UVE LOAD
im nn
so. FF.
USEQROUP
DEBCflIPriOWgFOBE
STORY

HQ. Of 
pcnsoiiB 
FCRMITTEO

unirs

nooMA

anaup

S
2ND FLOOR
ISO
ISO
F-4
t:I
237
F-4

'
EATINO & DRINKINO ESTABLISHMENT 
EATING U DRINKING £ LIBRARY 
ESTABLISHMENT (LOUNGE)
SERVICE BAR 
ROOF TERRACE 
HOTEL REGISTRATION

KITCHEN 
OFFICES (ACC,)
COAT CHECK

!
o
l.'»
39
P-4
I
D-2
11
i'
o
J-l
12
H
CO
1
;
i
R
MEETING ROOM 1 
OFFICES (ACC,)

5
3RD FLOOR
F-1B
119
J-l
15
D-2

LAUNDRY ROOM 
LOCKER ROOMS 
MEETING ROOM 2 
LOCKER ROOMS

FORTY-NINE (49) HOTEL ROOMS 
ACC, OFFICES
J-l
49
S
4TH FLOOR
5
J-l
31

F-1B
60
J-l
55
£

SIXTY-THREE (63} HOTEL ROOMS
5
J-l
63
bth floor

SIXTY-EIGHT (68} HOTEL ROOMS
66
S
J-l
STH FLOOR

SEVENTY (70) HOTEL ROOMS
J-l
70
5
7TH FLOOR

i
SEVENTY (70) HOTEL ROOMS
70
J-l
S
bth floor
/

(CONTINUED)
OPEN SPACE USES

IBI'ECIFV.p/UIKIIKl {I'ACE!, lOHOINQ nf(11116,OlllEflUSES.M01IE)

no change op ube on oodupanoy shall be made unless

!* "

O FU/ITHER LIMITATIIONS, CONDITIONS AND

A NEW AMENDED OPRTIPIOATE OP OCCUPANCY IS OBTAINED 
THIS CERTIFICATE OF OCCUPANCY 18 ISSUED SUBJECT T

S NOTED ON THE REVERSE SIDE.

7*7'[Hi ^ 
/
Acluiij CcinnilaB.V)(

/SPECIFICATION
HA
's
n A“-
(T/ ,
M-tl
‘T.
i or
IT*-

nattauaii «ilrcni)liVN'iieMT
couiwAioaon

ij

□ OFFICE COPY-DEPARTMENT OF BUILDINGS □ COPY
□ ORIGINAL

' M-W»

=== page 459 ===
Case 25-11853-KBO    Doc 396-2    Filed 03/31/26    Page 459 of 551

If*
',iV
'Iri
I tv.*
FiiMfiE
tifcW.

4.
T
Q I'onn 54 (rev. 8/85)

THAT THB ZONIMQ LOT ON WHICH THE PREMISES IB LOCATED Is BOUNDED AS FOLLOWS!

I

BEGINNING at paint on Ilia NORTH

■Ida of WEST S7TH STREET 
loot (rent Dio earner lornied by tha Inlomaatlon at

EAST 
9TH AVENUE

and WEST S7TH STREET
illtlant 20 1

taali
Ihonoo

rurnilno lhanaa .......................................HiM.MMt.iiiiMinilaol! tbonca
(•all
EAST 15 5 1 - 0''
NORTH 2001-0"
foot) tlionca

Ulinoa

taali thence

• MtHlHti tmtHtUHlIHmoiettniMitn rrmnmtitHirmH
WEST 135'-0"
SOUTH 100'-0"
|M||
Cc<t 111 M Hleu4»«na»HI IMl I HettOM
WEST 20'-0"
SOUTH 100'-O"
looll

foal) Ihonca

Mienoo
to llio point or piano of boainning

XXXXALT. No. 101970921 DATE OF COMPLETION

CONSTRUCTION CLASSIFICATION 1

BUILDING OOOUPANOY onoup GLASSIFICATION

HEIGHT 26 STOHies, 244 1 FRET
o
o
THE FOLLOWING FIRE DETECTION AND EXTINGUISHING SYSTEMS ARE REQUIRED AND WERE INSTALLED IN COMPLIANCE WITH 
APPLICABLE LAWEi
CO

i

NO
YES
YES
NO
I

AUTOMATIC SPRINKLER SYSTEM
BTANDPIPE SYSTEM

YARD HYDRANT SYSTEM

BTANDPIPE FIRE TELEPHONE AND 
SIGNALLING SYSTEM

SMOKE DETECTOR

;
FIRE ALARM AND SIGNAL SYSTEM

i
i

5

, T)
STORM DRAINAGE DISCHARGES INTO) 
A) STORM SEWER p~|
B) COMBINED SEWER p~| 0) PRIVATE SEWAGE DISPOSAL BYBTEM p~|

i

SANITARY DRAINAQE DISCHARGES INTOi 
A) SANITARY SEWER P~]
B) COMBINED SEWER Q] C) PRIVATE SEWAGE DI8P08AL SYSTEM Q

'T1

LIMITATIONS OR RESTRICTIONS:

BOARD OF STANDARDS AND APPEALS CAL. NO
CITY PLANNING COMMISSION OAL, NO.---------
OTHERS:
i

frrt't,-’

■I
'
•.i’
tel,
X-

. I

Al

=== page 460 ===
Case 25-11853-KBO    Doc 396-2    Filed 03/31/26    Page 460 of 551

* *i

,111 ’ ' ’ " J ! ' ■ , ‘

PAGE 3 OF A PAGES
r

0 Forjii 5<t (rev, 8/85)
J-10136-3 Clf/cc

THE CITY OF NEW YORK

AETi 1 0101970921
A
DEPARTMENT OF BUILDINGS
m
i

CERTIFICATE OF OCCUPANCY

dateJW 11 zooi
I
i

BOROUGH Manhattan
HO, 101970921

ZONING DISTRICT C4 - 7, Cl - 8, R1

This ccrtiricotc supersedes C,0. No T 121285 
THIS CERTIFIES Hint the XXX.nllcrcd.XXXXXXXXX building-promises loented at

Block 1048 Lot 7502

!
353 West 57th Street
I
»

CONFORMS SU0BTANTIAU.Y TO THE APPROVED PUNS AND SPECIFICATIONS AND TO THE REQUIREMENTS OF ALL APPLICABLE LAWS, 
RULES, AND REOUUTIONS FOR THE USES AND OCCUPANCIES SPECIFIED HEREIN.

f
II
PERMISSIBLE USE AND OCCUPANCY

i:

MUlIAUU

punowa
flULOINO

livn LOAD

L0Q PER

KMHO
usEonoup
CODE
stoiiy
DCGCniPKOtl OF USE
HA0ITA8LD

zoim/o 
OVVEUlNQ 
Ofl ROOM WO

COpB
OCCUPWICY

BO. FT.

HO OF 
reiteofiB 
PEPMMTBD

ROOMB

UHlTfl

GROUP

613VENTV (70} HOTEL fcOOMB
9TH FLOOR
S
70
J-l

‘.j
SEVENTY (70) HOTEL ROOMS
70
6
10TH FLOOR
J-l

?!
i

UTH PLOOH
FORTY-EIOHT I>10) HOTEL ROOMS
40
5
a-i

li
o
SEVENTY-ONE (71) HOTEL ROOMS
12TH FLOOR
S
71
J-l
i

I
I

SEVENTY (70) HOTEL ROOMS
B
14TH FLOOR
70
J-l
I ,o
!s
CO
J
15TH FI430R
FORTY (40) HOTEL ROOMS
G
40
J-l
l

i

i

THIRTY-NINE (35) HOTEL ROOMS
1GTH FLOOR
G
39
J-l

THIRTY-NINE (39) HOTEL ROOMS
17TH FLOOR
39
S
J-l

THIRTY-THREE (33) HOTEL ROOMS
G
18TH FLOOR
J-l
33

FORTY (40) HOTEL ROOMS
40
G
J-l
19TH FLOOR
:

THIRTY-THREE (33) HOTEL ROOMS
BOTH FLOOR
G
J-l
33
£
TWENTY-SIX (?G) HOTEL ROOMS
RIST FLOOR
S
3G
J-l
-D

TWENTY-FOUR (24) HOTEL ROOMS
24
J-l
2 2ND FLOOR
G

THIRTY-FIVE (3GJ HOTEL ROOMB
G
J-l
23RD FLOOR
35

G
24TH FLOOR
9
J-l

G
J-l,

OHE (1) HOTEL ROOM 
ACCESSORY OFFICE 
PANTRY/STORAGE

If
E

tl

(CONTXMUEP)
OPEN SPACE USES

|EI>eciFV,l'AMKIMO 61'ACEH, LtlAUIIW llEHIMB, OTHEHUIEE. HOIW

NO 0HANO5 OP U8E OR OCCUPANCY SHALL BE MADE UNLESS

!v *i
I

l1*

.i-iV'—

A NEW AMENDED CERTIFICATE Op OCCUPANCY IS OBTAINED 
THIS CERTIFICATE OF OCCUPANCY IS ISSUED SUBJECT TO FURTHER LIMITATIONS, CONDITIONS AND 
SPECIFICATIONS NOTED ON THE REVERSE SIDE,
/ A-.y

F
o

M-0

otlnrj CommiBslgnor
L.
/:e-
\]

*•» 
ftp- 
, , 
-»
....—-uonMiwriuMiiitE/reEiiT

coMMiyiioacn
i

P OFFICE COPY-DEPARTMENT OF BUILDINOS □ COPY
□ ORIGINAL
■i;
<-i.'

—l
rn^
vf'.ui__‘w ■ 
_■ 
(v
/■* 1
■ i" ’ r
: t

=== page 461 ===
Case 25-11853-KBO    Doc 396-2    Filed 03/31/26    Page 461 of 551

....... i "i ’ Minr ir •'li »iiili iiii
■
jrfiK
'' - * if

i
4,

/,■

-=!

:

|

%

i

I

t

i

i

1

O

!
O
CO

;
»

«

5

i
i

!
i

f

!

b >

i •

I
ft,

!

k-*-1|' i; J

£• 'r*,UL- rv* 
^ 
'
■fi »t«r"
■■v
«
*i

1*?
*aP'

=== page 462 ===
Case 25-11853-KBO    Doc 396-2    Filed 03/31/26    Page 462 of 551

.. 
■■ •■'. 
v’>''...............•. ‘v.‘ ’ ‘ ■'■-:.

v ia-S «•' 
■.-
l.

D Form M (rev. D/8S)

PAGE ^ OP 4 PAGES

»J-10136-3 flft/cc

THE CITY OF NEW YORK

ALTi I /M01970921
DEPARTMENT OF BUILDINGS
U Li
^•Tiryr;
CERTIFICATE OF OCCUPANCY

HAY 1 7 7.1)111
BOROUGH Manhattan
DATE:
NO. 101970921

ThiscortWcnlosupersedesC.O,No T 12120s

ZONING DISTRICT C4 - 7, Cl - B. R1
3

j:

THIS CERTIFIES Hint Hie XXX-nJlcrcd-XXXXXXXXX buildliiu-prclillscs loented nl 
353 West 57th Street

<)
Block 1048 Lol 7502

CONRMMS SUOSTANTIALLV TO THE APPROVED PUNS AND SPECIFICATIONS AND TO THE REQUIREMENTS OF All APPLICABLE UWS. 
RULES, ANO PECULATIONS FOR THE USES AND OCCUPANCIES SPECIFIED HEREIN. 
ur nu.flrrui.nBU. Lnwa,

t

1
PERMISSIBLE USE AND OCCUPANCY

i']
MAXIMUM

itvnoAo 
im per

auiLDiim
coop
OCCUPAIICV

/OWIUO 
USE GROUP
STORY
DEscjiinrioN of use

fiq. PT.

^ONlHO 
SUILDII/O
OVYCLUWO 
COOS
onnooMwo HAoirAntE

WO. OF 
PERSONS 
KHMinED

anaup

UWlTfl 
ROOMS

ri

2STH floor
D-Z
MBCftANICAL ROOM

'iff
Z6TII FLOOR
D-Z
MECHANICAL ROOM
o
27TH FLOOR
MECHANICAL ROOM
D-2

1
I'J
o
'I
mis 0U.LDINO COMPLIES WITH SECTION 6 ’ OF TH B MULTIPLE DWELLING LAW.
NOTE i
CO

l

i

<

1961
1953
HMAN'S

ill
FIRE DE ’ARTMEN7 APPROV iLS i
- STAND >IPE BYi TEH - A "RIL S
- SPRIN :LER SV£ TEM - A 'RIL 13
- INTER :OR FIRE ALARM jjTD WATC

THE DE TECTOR
!

19S4
b

SYSTEl IS - AUC UST 31,

I

£
"3

• . 1

,u- !;:^v
.1
\ ■>' *
V-i^1 ‘ '

«* •*

1

OPEN SPACE USES

(DPECIFr.! AIIMHU BI'ACES. IOMWIQ mill IH8. □ 1 lltH UEf57i,0«r(

NO CHANOG OF USE OR OCCUPANCY SHALL BE MAPE UNLESS

* " 1'1

A NEW AMENDED CERTIFICATE OF OCCUPANCY IS OBTAINED 
THIS CERTIFICATE OF OCCUPANCY IS ISSUED SUBJECT TO FURTHER LIMITATIONS, CONDITIONS AND

npjHClFICATIONStyOJGDON THJ REVERSE

SIDE,

/it, i* 
L.. 
Cl"''

>i

■'") .
______ .............

""ooiifluoiieui'cniiiiEHDEiir

iluTii) LloretJ.nlirtibNjn .»-'i

□ ORIGINAL
ii
.V

: f r.*.' ■Vt

HI

O OFFICE COPY. DEPARTMENT OF BUILDINGS □ COPY
*Bpw:: wgtffimm*

=== page 463 ===
Case 25-11853-KBO    Doc 396-2    Filed 03/31/26    Page 463 of 551

!

■IjI^ t. Jj- ,' ^ll", v‘‘

:
i:

i ■
t'
*

It

I

i

■

!

T

r-
O
I

I

I ,o

CO
I

;\

i

:

I V

i
:

I
!

s

f
?

!
,-3

i«

1

♦
l
-’I

-• ih

!

I

:

i *
r *"•■

;
i
';i

‘ •. ''i -; ' ••'■
‘ 
,, ,,\>. 
M..
’.'■‘'if '•
\.', feij

Vi

fBIPK
i ■
r ■■ 
t-»*•••■?" 
1W' W
■;#

=== page 464 ===
Case 25-11853-KBO    Doc 396-2    Filed 03/31/26    Page 464 of 551

Application for a Certification of No Harassment
Rev. Dec 2018

B. Principals and Officers Of Prior Owners: If title to the property was previously held by an entity

rather than a person at any time since the referral date, list (i) every director, general partner, 
managing partner, or managing member of such entity, (ii) every officer of such entity, (iii) every 
other person authorized to sign for and bind such entity, and (iv) every person or entity holding a 
10% or more economic interest in such entity.

Period of 
Ownership

Relationship 
to Owner

Telephone
Number
Name
Address

11/16-11/20

Sam Nazarian

(212) 277-4100
Indirect Ownership

of more than 10%
Hudson Delano
Senior Mezz LLC
2/14-11/20
Sole Member of

c/o sbe, 131 Spring Street, 4th Floor, New York, NY 
10012
c/o sbe, 131 Spring Street, 4th Floor, New York, NY 
10012                                                     (212) 277-4100

Owner
Henry Hudson Senior

Sole Member of

Mezz LLC                                 2006-2014

(212) 277-4100

Owner  
MMRDH Senior Mezz

(212) 277-4100

c/o Morgans Hotel Group, 475 Tenth Avenue, 11th Floor, 
New York, NY 10018
c/o Morgans Hotel Group, 475 Tenth Avenue, 11th Floor, 
New York, NY 10018

1999-2004 
Sole Member of

Holding Company LLC             2004-2006          Sole Member of
Owner
Henry Hudson Holdings
Parent LLC

Owner

c/o Morgans Hotel Group, 475 Tenth Avenue, 11th Floor, 
New York, NY 10018

(212) 277-4100

Philippe Zrihen                         2017-2020          Authorized Rep.  c/o sbe, 131 Spring Street, 4th Floor, New York, NY 10012

(212) 277-4100

(212) 277-4100
Richard Szymanski 
      2007-2017          Authorized Rep. 
c/o Morgans Hotel Group, 475 Tenth Avenue, 11th Floor, 
New York, NY 10018
(212) 277-4100
Edward Scheetz                     2005-2007         Authorized Rep. 
c/o Morgans Hotel Group, 475 Tenth Avenue, 11th Floor, 
New York, NY 10018
Ian Schrager 
 
     1999-2005         CEO of Parent

Company
c/o Morgans Hotel Group, 475 Tenth Avenue, 11th Floor, 
New York, NY 10018

(212) 277-4100

600 Steamboat Road, Suite 200

Todd Boehly 
                  2020-2022        Authorized Rep.       Greenwich, CT 06830                      (203) 298-5300

Anthony Minella  
 2020-2022        Authorized Rep. 
600 Steamboat Road, Suite 200
Greenwich, CT 06830                      (203)298-5300

John Klein 
 
     2020-2022        Authorized Rep.       600 Steamboat Road, Suite 200

Greenwich, CT 06830                    (203) 298-5300

Johann Georg Wyss                 2020-2022       Authorized Rep.        600 Steamboat Road, Suite 200

Greenwich, CT 06830                    (203) 298-5300

♦'»;
^ * Printed on paper containing 30% post-consumer material.

7

=== page 465 ===
Case 25-11853-KBO    Doc 396-2    Filed 03/31/26    Page 465 of 551

Application for a Certification of No Harassment
Rev. Dec 2018

C. Management - Prior Ownership: List each person who served as a managing agent, a

superintendent, collected rents, supervised or ordered repairs, or exercised any other discretion in 
the management of the ro: e g, from the referral date under a prior owner.

Name and Address
Employer and Role
Period of Service

Henry Hudson Holdings LLC

2008 - 2009

Todd Scartozzi
358 West 58th Street, New York, NY 10019

unknown role

Atif Youseef

Henry Hudson Holdings LLC

358 West 58th Street, New York, NY 10019

2005 - 2008

unknown role

Irving Schatz
1999 - 2020

Denise Cruz 
358 West 58th Street, New York, NY 10019

property manager

Geoffrey Mills

2019-2020

Henry Hudson Holdings LLC

358 West 58th Street, New York, NY 10019

unknown role

Claus Landberg

2017-2019

358 West 58th Street, New York, NY 10019

Henry Hudson Holdings LLC

unknown role

Simon Rusconi

2016-2017

Henry Hudson Holdings LLC

358 West 58th Street, New York, NY 10019

unknown role

Henry Hudson Holdings LLC

2015-2016

358 West 58th Street, New York, NY 10019
John Beier

unknown role

Henry Hudson Holdings LLC

2014

358 West 58th Street, New York, NY 10019
Wald Chlids

unknown role

358 West 58th Street, New York, NY 10019
Mike Walsh

2011-2014

Henry Hudson Holdings LLC

unknown role

2010-2012

358 West 58th Street, New York, NY 10019
Robert Cartwright

Henry Hudson Holdings LLC

unknown role

2009-2010

Henry Hudson Holdings LLC

Simon Mais
358 West 58th Street, New York, NY 10019

unknown role

0%£ Printed on paper containing 30% post-consumer material.
8

=== page 466 ===
Case 25-11853-KBO    Doc 396-2    Filed 03/31/26    Page 466 of 551

Application for a Certification of No Harassment
Rev. Dec 2018

C. Management - Prior Ownership: List each person who served as a managing agent, a

superintendent, collected rents, supervised or ordered repairs, or exercised any other discretion in 
the management of the ro: e g, from the referral date under a prior owner.

Name and Address
Employer and Role
Period of Service

Newmark
EC 58th Street LLC
3/1/21-2022

manger

Matt Duthie
Newmark
3/1/21-2022

manager

Frank Mollo
Newmark 
     3/1/21-2022

manager

Eric Feliciano
Newmark                             3/1/21-2022

manager

0%£ Printed on paper containing 30% post-consumer material.
8

=== page 467 ===
Case 25-11853-KBO    Doc 396-2    Filed 03/31/26    Page 467 of 551

SRO TENANTS
NAME
ROOM #
RENT AMOUN
WEEKLY/ MONTHLY
DOA
EMAIL 
Simmons Arlene
1169
501.11
Monthly
9.5.1988
Radunovich Milan
1546
418.79
Monthly
1.13.1977
TESSR4444@YAHOO.COM
Gilbert Fred
1722
277.36
Monthly
5.25.1968
Levi Emil
1846
86.81
Weekly
9.4.1979
EHL100@AOL.COM
Leach Ken
1856
501.11
Monthly
11.1.1985
KENLEACH217@AOL.COM
Lamb Owen
1916
396.69
Monthly
9.10.1979
OWENLAMB@AOL.COM
Magno Zoe
2017
96.81
Monthly
11.30.1979
Carter Teresa
2031
422.27
Monthly
5.1.1977
Palma Flora
2039
402.57
Monthly
3.1.1976
Orturbia Susana
2045
502.26
Monthly
2.25.1978
Khan Kwasa
2106
419.95
Monthly
8.19.1977
Leo Jenkins
2107
130.62
Weekly
8.17.1984
Rodriguez  Yolanda
2114
543.12
Monthly
3.5.1980
Marouils George
2129
429.6
Monthly
8.29.1979
Jay Vanderbilt
2135
255.34
Monthly 
11.1.2008
JAY.VANDERBILT@VA.GOV
Quioque Caridad
2138
484.88
Monthly
8.29.1980
Rodriquez Maria
2139
340.37
Monthly
1.28.1983
LADYROD57@AOL.COM
Brockenborough Pat
2140
393.02
Monthly
1.7.1974
Sanchez Bonifacio
2145
255.34
Monthly
10.29.1971
Ledesma Lucy
2146
278.92
Weekly
7.19.1982
Hirsch Judy
2155
83.47
Weekly
9.25.1967
Schwantes Claudia
2157
419.47
Monthly
4.22.1981
LAUDIABALDONERI@GMAIL.CO
Natos Nick
2204
419.51
Monthly
5.18.1981
Cowie Margaret
2206
538.19
Monthly
10.3.1982
MIMIYUYU31@GMAIL.COM
Carroll William
2207
419.46
Monthly
8.16.1980
Nathaniel Virginia
2211
404.88
Monthly
7.11.1994
Phyu Hnin Hla
2212
415.32
Monthly
5.12.1972
HNIN.HLA.PHYU@UNDO.ORG
Chane Peggy
2227
242.58
Monthly
1.14.1969
PEGGYCHANE@GMAIL.COM
Blakely Iris 
2231
484.34
Monthly
7.2.1978
Ramos Letcias
2232
454.74
Monthly
4.5.1981
Reddy Kenneth
2235
393.02
Monthly
9.1.1982
Morrow Jenatte
2236
96.81
Weekly
12.3.1970
JEMORROW2236@YAHOO.COM
Chin Daisy
2239
402.57
Monthly
7.26.1982
Bendana Renata
2244
506.89
Monthly
1.29.1974
IRBENDANA@GMAIL.COM

=== page 468 ===
Case 25-11853-KBO    Doc 396-2    Filed 03/31/26    Page 468 of 551

Evelyn Lagarde
2245
416.47
Monthly
10.29.1971
Lavilla Amparo
2253
457.06
Monthly
7.7.1981
Danielle Marton
2255
96.82
Weekly
8.1.1978

Total of INHOUSE Tena
37

=== page 469 ===
Case 25-11853-KBO    Doc 396-2    Filed 03/31/26    Page 469 of 551

PHONE NUMBERS
Land Line Phone phone extension 
212-554-6469
554-6469
1169
917-225-3729
554-6163
1546
516-431-7461
554-6403
1722
212-956-1231
554-6273
1846
917-881-8747
554-6453
1856
917-806-0000
554-6292
1916
917-678-8901
554-6332
2017
212-765-4657
554-6339
2031
212-757-6592
554-6276
2039
646-418-1498
554-2045
2045
212-757-6884
554-6270
2106
212-247-4449
554-6033
2107
917-887-1696
554-6361
2114
212-554-6341
554-6341
2129
212-646-7500 EXT 3666
554-2135
2135
212-977-3739
554-6369
2138
212-245-1022
554-6178
2139
212-554-6369
554-6363
2140
212-554-6372
554-6372
2145
917-678-8065
554-2146
2146
212-265-7730
554-6135
2155
646-236-6456
554-6378
2157
212-586-5863
554-6143
2204
212-245-4353
554-6382
2206
212-554-6264
554-6264
2207
646-498-7332
554-2211
2211
917-821-4623
554-2212
2212
401-390-4937
554-6447
2227
212-554-6391
554-6390
2231
347-407-3471
554-6391
2232
212-333-5179
554-6334
2235
929-216-1058
554-6230
2236
212-541-9177
554-6394
2239
917-370-0048
554-6398
2244

=== page 470 ===
Case 25-11853-KBO    Doc 396-2    Filed 03/31/26    Page 470 of 551

646-468-7729
554-6349
2245
212-554-6401
554-6401
2253
917-639-3915
554-6241
2255

=== page 471 ===
Case 25-11853-KBO    Doc 396-2    Filed 03/31/26    Page 471 of 551

Tenants no longer in Hudson since the year 2019-2022

Room 2134- Clara Balmeceda passed on 9/2019

Room 2127- Melody Reed passed on 6/2020

Room 2240- Vittirio Furgeri passed on 2/2021

Room 2214- Dominic Carfagna moved out to Nursing home 3/2021

Room 2253- Amparo Lavilla passed on 12.2021,

Room 2133- Richelle Panday passed on 8/2022

=== page 472 ===
Case 25-11853-KBO    Doc 396-2    Filed 03/31/26    Page 472 of 551

ARLENE SIMMONS 
NICK NATOS 
MILAN RADUNOVICH 
FRED GILBERT 
GEORGE BICHAI 
ANTHONY BICHAI 
EMIL LEVI 
KEN LEACH 
OWEN LAMB 
ZOE MAGNO 
TERESA CARTER 
FLORA PALMA 
ALBERTO ORTURBIA 
EVELYN LARGARDE 
KWASA KHAN 
DARYL COOPER 
YOLANDA RODRIGUEZ 
MELODY REED 
GEORGE MAROUILS 
RICHELLE PANDAY 
CLARA BALMECEDA 
JAY VANDERBILT 
YOLANDA QUIOQUE 
MARIA RODRIQUEZ 
PAT BROCKENBOROUGH 
BONIFACIO SANCHEZ 
LUCY LEDESMA 
JUDY HIRSCH 
CLAUDIA SCHWANTES 
JOYCE BROWN 
MARGARET COWIE 
WILLIAM CARROLL 
VIRGINIA NATHANIEL 
HLA PHYN HNIN 
JOSEPH CARFARGNA 
PEGGY CHANE 
FAYE BLAKELY 
LETCIAS RAMOS 
KENNY REDDY 
JEANNETTE MORROW 
DAISY CHIN 
VITTORO FURGERI

10019

07/09/19
07/09/19
07/09/19
07/09/19
07/09/19
07/09/19
07/09/19
07/09/19
07/09/19
07/09/19
07/09/19
07/09/19
07/09/19
07/09/19
07/09/19
07/09/19
07/09/19
07/09/19
07/09/19
07/09/19
07/09/19
07/09/19
07/09/19
07/09/19
07/09/19
07/09/19
07/09/19
07/09/19
07/09/19
07/09/19
07/09/19
07/09/19
07/09/19
07/09/19
07/09/19
07/09/19
07/09/19
07/09/19
07/09/19
07/09/19
07/09/19
07/09/19

PAGE 235 OF 240

Information on this report is as of January 13, 2022

New York State Division of Housing and Community Renewal 
Office of Rent Administration

RSRSRSRSRSRSRSRSRSRSRSRSRSRSRSRSRSRSRSRSRSRSRSRSRSRSRSRSRSRSRS

RS
501.11 
419.51 
418.79 
277.36 
490.18 
419.48 
86.81W 
501.11 
396.69 
96.81W

RSRSRSRSRSRSRSRSRSRS
422.27
402.57 
502.26 
416.47
419.95 
130.62W 
543.12 
453.41 
429.60
416.47
467.48 
183.90 
484.88 
340.37 
393.02
255.34 
278.92
83.47W 
419.47 
431.53 
538.19 
419.46 
609.62 
415.32 
609.62
242.58
484.34 
454.74 
393.02
96.81W 
402.57
419.96

LEASE
BEGAN
ACTUAL 
RENT PAID
LEASE
ENDS
PREFERENTIAL
RENT
FILING
DATE
LEGAL 
STATUS REG RENT
APT
TENANT NAME
APARTMENT NUMBER

1169 
151G 
154G 
1722 
1753 
1812 
1846 
1856 
1916 
2017 
2031 
2039
2045
2046 
2106 
2107 
2114 
2127 
2129
2133
2134
2135
2138
2139
2140
2145
2146 
2155 
2157 
2204 
2206 
2207 
2211 
2212 
2214 
2227
2231
2232
2235
2236
2239
2240

.i
?

2019 Registration Rent Roll Report Effective 04/01/2019 for 
Registration Id Number: 117950 
353 W 57TH ST 
NEW YORK, NEW YORK
V
J

=== page 473 ===
Case 25-11853-KBO    Doc 396-2    Filed 03/31/26    Page 473 of 551

10019

PAGE 236 OF 240

Information on this report is as of January 13, 2022

LEASE
ENDS
LEASE
BEGAN
ACTUAL 
RENT PAID
FILING
DATE
PREFERENTIAL
RENT
LEGAL 
STATUS REG RENT
APT
TENANT NAME
APARTMENT NUMBER

V
New York State.Division of Housing and Community Renewal 
Office of Rent Administration

07/09/19
07/09/19
07/09/19
RENATA BENDANA 
AMPARO LAVILLA 
DANIELLE MARTON
RS
506.89 
457.06 
96.82W
2244
2253
2255
RSRS

I

■i
>
2019 Registration Rent Roll Report Effective 04/01/2019 for 
Registration Id Number: 117950 
353 W 57TH ST 
NEW YORK, NEW YORK
V
>

=== page 474 ===
Case 25-11853-KBO    Doc 396-2    Filed 03/31/26    Page 474 of 551

ARLENE SIMMONS 
NICK NATOS 
MILAN RADUNOVICH 
FRED GILBERT 
VACANT VACANT 
ANTHONY BICHAI 
EMIL LEVI 
KEN LEACH 
OWEN LAMB 
ZOE MAGNO 
TERESA CARTER 
FLORA PALMA 
SUSANA ORTURBIA 
KWASA KHAN 
DARYL COOPER 
YOLANDA RODRIGUEZ 
MELODY REED 
GEORGE MAROUILS 
RICHELLE PANDAY 
CLARA BALMECEDA 
JAY VANDERBILT 
YOLANDA QUIOOUE 
MARIA RODRIQUEZ 
PAT BROCKENBOROUGH 
BONIFACIO SANCHEZ 
LUCY LEDESMA 
JUDY HIRSCH 
CLAUDIA SCHWANTES 
JOYCE BROWN 
MARGARET COWIE 
WILLIAM CARROLL 
VIRGINIA NATHANIEL 
HLA PHYN HNIN 
JOSEPH CARFARGNA 
PEGGY CHANE 
FAYE BLAKELY 
LETCIAS RAMOS 
KENNY REDDY 
JEANNETTE MORROW 
DAISY LUE CHIN 
VITTORO FURGERI 
RENATA BENDANA

10019

07/20/20
07/20/20
07/20/20
07/20/20
07/20/20
07/20/20
07/20/20
07/20/20
07/20/20
07/20/20
07/20/20
07/20/20
07/20/20
07/20/20
07/20/20
07/20/20
07/20/20
07/20/20
07/20/20
07/20/20
07/20/20
07/20/20
07/20/20
07/20/20
07/20/20
07/20/20
07/20/20
07/20/20
07/20/20
07/20/20
07/20/20
07/20/20
07/20/20
07/20/20
07/20/20
07/20/20
07/20/20
07/20/20
07/20/20
07/20/20
07/20/20
07/20/20

PAGE 237 OF 240

Information on this report is as of January 13, 2022

2020 Registration Rent Roll Report Effective 04/01/2020 for 
Registration Id Number: 117950 
353 W 57TH ST 
NEW YORK, NEW YORK

501.11 
419.51 
418.79 
277.3G 
501.11 
419.48 
B6.81W
501.11 
396.69
96.81W
422.27
402.57 
502.26
419.95 
130.62W
543.12 
453.41 
429.60
416.47
467.48 
183.90
484.88 
340.37 
393.02
255.34 
278.92
83.47W
419.47
431.53
538.19
419.46
404.88 
415.32 
609.62
242.58
484.34 
454.74 
393.02
96.8 1W 
402.57
419.96
506.89

RSRSRSRSRSRSRSRSRSRSRSRSRSRSRSRSRSRSRSRSRSRSRSRSRSRSRSRSRSRSRSRSRSRSRSRSRSRSRSRSRS

i

LEASE
ENDS
LEASE
BEGAN
FILING
DATE
LEGAL 
REG RENT
PREFERENTIAL
RENT
ACTUAL 
RENT PAID
APT
TENANT NAME
APARTMENT NUMBER
STATUS

RS
1169 
1516 
1546 
1722 
1753 
1812 
1846 
1856 
1916 
2017 
2031 
2039 
2045 
2106 
2107 
2114 
2127 
2129
2133
2134
2135
2138
2139
2140
2145
2146 
2155 
2157 
2204 
2206 
2207 
221 1 
2212 
2214 
2227
2231
2232
2235
2236
2239
2240 
2244

&'ij

■Vcn*p*-

New York State Division of Housing and Community Renewal 
Office of Rent Administration
M
cn

=== page 475 ===
Case 25-11853-KBO    Doc 396-2    Filed 03/31/26    Page 475 of 551

PAGE 238 OF 240

Information on this report is as of January 13, 2022

2020 Registration Rent Roll Report Effective 04/01/2020 for 
Registration Id Number: 117950 
353 W 57TH ST 
NEW YORK, NEW YORK
10019

FILING
DATE
LEASE
BEGAN
LEASE
ENDS
ACTUAL 
RENT PAID
PREFERENTIAL
RENT
LEGAL 
STATUS REG RENT
APT
TENANT NAME
APARTMENT NUMBER

07/20/20
07/20/20
07/20/20
EVELYN LAGARDE 
AMPARO LAVILLA 
DANIELLE MARTON
416.47
457.06
96.82W
2245
2253
2255
RSRSRS

New York State Division of Housing and Community Renewal 
Office of Rent Administration
l!

.*

=== page 476 ===
Case 25-11853-KBO    Doc 396-2    Filed 03/31/26    Page 476 of 551

ARLENE SIMMONS
MILAN / TESS RADUNOVICH
FRED GILBERT
EMIL LEVI
KEN LEACH
OWEN LAMB
ZOE MAGNO
TERESA CARTER
FLORA PALMA
PELAEZ ORTURBIA SUSANA/ CE
KWASA KHAN
LEO JENKINS
YOLANDA RODRIGUEZ
GEORGE MAROUILS
RICHELLE PANDAY
JAY VANDERBILT
YOLANDA QUIOOUE
MARIA RODRIQUEZ
PAT BROCKENBOROUGH
BONIFACIO SANCHEZ
LUCY LEDESMA
JUDY HIRSCH
CLAUDIA SCHWANTES
NICK NATOS
MARGARET COWIE
WILLIAM CARROLL
VIRGINIA NATHANIEL
HLA PHYN HNIN
PEGGY CHANE
BLAKELY/LITTLE IRIS

10019

06/30/21 
06/30/21 
06/30/21 
06/30/21 
06/30/21 
06/30/21 
06/30/21 
06/30/21 
06/30/21 
06/30/21 
06/30/21 
06/30/21 
06/30/21 
06/30/21 
06/30/21 
06/30/21 
06/30/21 
06/30/21 
06/30/21 
06/30/21 
06/30/21 
06/30/21 
06/30/21 
06/30/21 
06/30/21 
06/30/21 
06/30/21 
06/30/21 
06/30/21 
06/30/21

PAGE 239 OF 240

Information on this report is as of January 13, 2022

2021 Registration Rent Roll Report Effective 04/01/2021 for 
Registration Id Number: 117950 
353 W 57TH ST 
NEW YORK, NEW YORK

501.11 
418.79
277.36 
86.81W
301.11 
396.69
96.8 1W 
422.27
402.57 
502.26 
419.95 
130.62W
543.12 
429.60 
4 16‘. 47 
183.90
484.88
340.37 
393.02
255.34 
278.92
83.47W 
419.47 
419.51 
538.19 
419.46
404.88 
415.32
242.58
484.34

RSRSRSRSRSRSRSRSRSRSRSRSRSRSRSRSRSRSRSRSRSRSRSRSRSRSRSRSRS

LEASE
BEGAN
LEASE
ENOS
ACTUAL 
RENT PAID
FILING
DATE
APT
PREFERENTIAL
RENT
LEGAL 
REG RENT
TENANT NAME
STATUS
APARTMENT NUMBER

RS
1 169 
1546 
1722 
1846 
1856 
1916 
2017 
2031 
2039 
2045 
2106 
2107 
2114 
2129 
2133 
2135
2138
2139
2140
2145
2146 
2155 
2157 
2204 
2206 
2207 
2211 
2212 
2227 
2231

fit ciiiS*

■i
r i

New York State Division of Housing and Community Renewal 
Office of Rent Administration
■-i
■i

=== page 477 ===
Case 25-11853-KBO    Doc 396-2    Filed 03/31/26    Page 477 of 551

LETCIAS RAMOS 
KENNY REDDY 
JEANNETTE MORROW 
DAISY LUE CHIN 
RENATA BENDANA 
EVELYN LAGARDE 
AMPARO LAVILLA 
DANIELLE MARTON

10019

06/30/21
06/30/21
06/30/21
06/30/21
06/30/21
06/30/21
06/30/21
06/30/21

PAGE 240 OF 240

Information on this report is as of January 13, 2022

2021 Registration Rent Roll Report Effective 04/01/2021 for 
Registration Id Number: 117950 
353 W 57TH ST 
NEW YORK, NEW YORK

RSRSRSRSRSRSRS

RS
454.74 
393.02 
96.81W 
402.57 
506.89 
416.47 
457.06 
96.82W

LEASE
BEGAN
FILING
DATE
LEASE
ENDS
ACTUAL 
RENT PAID
LEGAL 
REG RENT
PREFERENTIAL
RENT
APT
TENANT NAME
APARTMENT NUMBER
STATUS

D.ATE^ /
:
Print Location: Upper Manhattan BRO

CERTIFYING OFFICER
[ //'n

I am an employee of the New York State Division of Housing and Community Renewal (DHCR) and I am duly authorized by DHCR to 
make this certification. I certify that the foregoing is a true copy of the owner's statements made in such owner's 2021 
registration(s) on file with DHCR. as recorded and maintained in the computer records of DHCR, with the exception that certain 
information contained in such registrat1oe>(s) may have been modified by DHCR for identification purposes only.
y 
—-

CERTIFICATION OF COPY OF RECORD

2232
2235
2236 
2239
2244
2245 
2253 
2255

J
fkmsyo'

New York State Division of Housing and Community Renewal 
Office of Rent Administration
It
>

'I

=== page 478 ===
Case 25-11853-KBO    Doc 396-2    Filed 03/31/26    Page 478 of 551

 	

 !



345789:;<=8><?@ABCDEC>FG



HIJKLM5ANC?D:<C?>O8:;PQRST?P:<C?>

UVWVW*( -'*##



X:F8YZ?@[

X;8=CG8GY\]\^MOJ]_OJ`MMJaI3KIJJI3
Ab3YZc[d\Z_AD?PeYZcfgT?<Y_]c[5AYZcf

J?<:DNC?D:<C?>G
bGGB8Eh0H98>i58;<C@CP:<8?@5?;;8P<C?>`8jBC;8Ekhl

HIJKLM5AK8:;C>FG
5?=9D8<8EL78@:BD<8Eh00X8>EC>Fh

HIJKLM5A

K8:;C>F

NC?D:<C?>

HIJKLM5A

O<:<BG

7:<8
b>@;:P<C?>

5?E8G
HIJKLM5AX8>:D<S

3B=R8;
58;<C@CP:<C?>
O<:<BG
`8G9?>E8><

7B8

mpnms
	1l		 
tu	&

\]df_Zg[X

m$m
!nm
oopp

moqrpm
!pnmso

NC?DJS98Ymornm

O8v8;C<SY!$
b>G98P<w>C<Yxpnm
nmmp
rpnrmn

mpnms
		u
tu	&

\yc]dccf3

m$m
!nm
oopp

moqrpm
!pnmso

O8v8;C<SY!$
b>G98P<w>C<Y!opnnnm
NC?DJS98Y!o

nmn!nm
			 
t0u&

\]d\][\\K

m$m
!nm
oopp

moqrpm
!pnmso

NC?DJS98Ymornm

O8v8;C<SY!$
b>G98P<w>C<Yxpnm
nmmp
rpnrmn

nmn!nm
	1		{
t	&

\]]]ZZ\Zz
o!p$onxn

p

sor
nm
s101

O8v8;C<SY!$
b>G98P<w>C<Ymornmxq
mxom

nmn!nm
	1			0	0 t	&

\]]]ZZ[y|
o!p$onxn

p

sor
nm
s101

NC?DJS98Ymornm

O8v8;C<SY!$
b>G98P<w>C<Ymornmxq
mxom

nmn!nm
	1			lu t	&

sor
nm
s101

\]]]ZZ[gK
o!p$onxn

p

NC?DJS98Ymornm

O8v8;C<SY!$
b>G98P<w>C<Ymornmxq
mxom

ropnm$n
	1			0
t	&

sor
nm
s101

\]]]ZZ\c`
o!p$ro

p

NC?DJS98Ymornm

O8v8;C<SY!$
b>G98P<w>C<Ymornmxq
mxom

nmn!nm
			uu
t			&

\yc[_\][`

m$m
!nm
oopp

moqrpm
!pnmso

O8v8;C<SY!$
b>G98P<w>C<Ymm
!rnms
NC?DJS98Y
!rnms

nmn!nm
				
t0u&

\yc[_\]ZX

m$m
!nm
oopp

moqrpm
!pnmso

O8v8;C<SY!$
b>G98P<w>C<Ymm
!rnms
NC?DJS98Ymornm

"#	$#%& &'(#%)*  !(+,*#-./.	01
 

=== page 479 ===
Case 25-11853-KBO    Doc 396-2    Filed 03/31/26    Page 479 of 551

 	

 !

;:;!;:
	1			0	0 A$B	&

234567829

:$:
!;:
<<==

:<>?=:
!=;:@<

SGTUVIODJ:<?;:

CDEDFGHIJ!$
LMNODPHQMGHJ:<?;:R>
:R<:

;:;!;:
	0		B
A	&

25WX3362Y

:$:
!;:
<<==

:<>?=:
!=;:@<

CDEDFGHIJ!$
LMNODPHQMGHJ!<=;;;:
SGTUVIODJ!<

;:;!;:
	0		B
A	&

25WX336XZ

:$:
!;:
<<==

:<>?=:
!=;:@<

CDEDFGHIJ!$
LMNODPHQMGHJ!<=;;;:
SGTUVIODJ!<

=R?!
					0
AB		&

23475357[

:$:
!;:
<<==

<RR!=;:@
;:@1B

SGTUVIODJ:<?;:

CDEDFGHIJ!$
LMNODPHQMGHJ:<?;:R>
:R<:

=;;=
	0	1		
A	&

28W65634\
<!=$:$
=;;=

:<>?=:
!=;:@<

CDEDFGHIJ!$
LMNODPHQMGHJ!!!]^
SGTUVIODJ!!!]

;:;!;:
	1	1		1
A	&

@<?
;:
@101

2348XX23Z
<!=$<;R;

=

 

=== page 480 ===
Case 25-11853-KBO    Doc 396-2    Filed 03/31/26    Page 480 of 551

 


1 

=== page 481 ===
Case 25-11853-KBO    Doc 396-2    Filed 03/31/26    Page 481 of 551

 

E^ *( ,*##"#(%#O,* #_-)*##Z## 1`( -'1

ab<N[>c*#-^<%[_ &

"#	$#%& &'(#%)*  !(+,*#-./.	01
  

=== page 482 ===
FILED: NEW YORK COUNTY CLERK 10/12/2021 11:32 AM
INDEX NO. 258783/2021

Case 25-11853-KBO    Doc 396-2    Filed 03/31/26    Page 482 of 551

NYSCEF DOC. NO. 1
RECEIVED NYSCEF: 10/12/2021

Attorney
Group
No.
491

Index
No.
Year
2021

SUPREME
COURT
OF
THE
STATE
OF
NEW
YORK

COUNTY
OF
NEW
YORK

____________________-------______---__________

In
the
Matter
of
the
Application
of

EC
58TH
STREET
LLC

PETITION

Petitioner,
Taxes
of
2021-22

-against-

THE
TAX
COMMISSION
OF
THE
CITY
OF
NEW
YORK

and
THE
COMMISSIONER
OF
FINANCE
OF
THE
CITY

OF
NEW
YORK

Respondents.
_________________________________---__________

Block
Lot
Address

1048
1701
353-61
WEST
57
STREET

1048
1702
353-61
WEST
57
STREET

1048
1704
353-61
WEST
57
STREET

1048
1706
353-61
WEST
57
STREET

TO
THE
SUPREME
COURT
OF
THE
STATE
OF
NEW
YORK

The
Petitioner
above
named
respectfully
shows
and
alleges
that:

1.
At
all
times
hereinafter
mentioned,
the
petitioner
was
and

still
is
a
limited
liability
company
and
the
Owner
of
certain
real
property

in
the
Borough
of
Manhattan,
City
of
New
York,
which
real
property
is

described
in
Schedule
A
hereto
annexed
and
made
part
hereof,
by
block
and

lot
number
by
which
the
said
property
was
designated
on
the
tax
maps
of
the

City
of
New
York
for
the
fiscal
year
July
1,
2021
to
June
30,
2022.

HUDSON

1 of 7

=== page 483 ===
FILED: NEW YORK COUNTY CLERK 10/12/2021 11:32 AM
INDEX NO. 258783/2021

Case 25-11853-KBO    Doc 396-2    Filed 03/31/26    Page 483 of 551

NYSCEF DOC. NO. 1
RECEIVED NYSCEF: 10/12/2021

2.
During
the
time
provided
for
by
law,
one
of
the
assessors

of
the
Real
Property
Assessment
Bureau
of
the
City
of
New
York,
an
agency
under
the
jurisdiction
of
the
Commissioner
of
Finance,
in
accordance
with
law,
did
assess
the
said
real
property
described
in
Schedule
A
and
caused
the
assessed
valuations
to
be
entered
in
detail
in
the
books
kept

in
the
office
of
said
Real
Property
Assessment
Bureau
as
shown
in
Schedule
A.

3.
Between
January
15,
2021
and
March
1,
2021,
the
time
that
said
books
were
open
for
public
inspection,
or
such
further
period
as
provided
by
law,
petitioner,
claiming
to
be
aggrieved
by
said
assessed
valuation
of
said
real
property,
duly
made
application
in
writing
under
oath
to
the
Tax
Commission
of
the
City
of
New
York,
as
provided
by
law

to
have
such
assessments
corrected,
said
Tax
Commission
having
been
duly
constituted
by
law,
to
review
and
correct
all
assessments
of
real

property
for
taxation
in
the
City
of
New
York.
In
said
application,
petitioner
claimed
that
the
assessments
were
erroneous
in
that
the
assessments
were
excessive
(by
reason
of
overvaluation),
misclassified,
unequal
(by
reason
of
inequality),
and
unlawful(by
reason
of
illegality)
and
demanded
appropriate
relief.

4.
Thereafter,
on
or
about
May
25,
2021,
the
Tax
Commission

duly
rendered
a
final
determination
on
said
application,
and
the
assessments
were
confirmed
as
final
in
the
amounts
shown
in
Schedule
A

hereof.

5.
Thereafter,
the
assessment
rolls
of
the
real
property
subject
to
taxation
in
the
City
of
New
York
for
the
fiscal
year
July
1,
2021
to
June
30,
2022
were
prepared,
certified
and
delivered
to
the
City
Council
of
the
City
of
New
York
in
accordance
with
law,
which
assessment

rolls
contained
the
said
assessments
upon
petitioner's
said
real

property
as
shown
in
Schedule
A
and
the
City
Council
proceeded
thereon

for
the
levying
and
collection
of
taxes.

6.
The
said
assessments
are
excessive
in
that
(a)
the
assessed
valuation
exceeds
the
full
value
of
the
real
property.
The
sum

for
which
the
said
real
property
would
sell
under
ordinary
circumstances

on
the
statutory
taxable
status
date
is
shown
as
the
claimed
value
in
Column
"5"
of
Schedule
A.
The
extent
of
over-valuation
is
the
actual
total
assessment
specified
for
each
tax
lot
(Column
"4"),
less
the
claimed
correct
full
value
specified
for
each
tax
lot
as
set
forth
in
Column
"5"
of
Schedule
A;
(b)
the
taxable
assessed
value
fails
to
comply
with
the
limitations
of
increases
in
assessed
value
set
forth
in
Real

Property
Tax
Law
Section
1805;
(c)
said
real
property
failed
to
receive

all
or
a
portion
of
an
exemption
to
which
said
real
property
or
the

owner
thereof
is
entitled
pursuant
to
the
law
authorizing
the
exemption;

and
(d)
the
assessments
are
excessive
in
that
the
property
failed
to

receive
a
land
only
"progress
assessment"
as
a
building
in
the
course

of
construction
pursuant
to
Administrative
Code
Section
11-209.

7.
Where
the
subject
property
is
fully
or
partially
exempt

from
taxation
under
RPTL
Section
489
and
the
Administrative
Code
of
the

City
of
New
York,
Section
11-243,
the
assessment
has
been
unlawfully
increased
in
excess
of
the
assessment
of
the
previous
existing
dwelling

appearing
on
the
assessment
rolls
after
the
taxable
status
date

-2-

2 of 7

=== page 484 ===
FILED: NEW YORK COUNTY CLERK 10/12/2021 11:32 AM
INDEX NO. 258783/2021

Case 25-11853-KBO    Doc 396-2    Filed 03/31/26    Page 484 of 551

NYSCEF DOC. NO. 1
RECEIVED NYSCEF: 10/12/2021

immediately
preceding
the
commencement
of
the
alteration
and
improvements
plus
the
value
of
the
land
and
any
improvements,
other
than
those
made
under
the
provisions
of
RPTL
Section
489
and
Administrative

Code
Section
11-243.

8.
The
said
assessments
are
erroneous
by
reason
of
inequality
and
are
unequal
in
that
they
have
been
made
at
a
higher
proportionate
valuation
than
the
assessed
valuations
of
(a)
other
real
property
on
the
assessment
rolls
of
the
City
for
the
same
year,
and/or
(b)
other
real

property
within
the
same
class
on
the
same
roll
by
the
same
officer.
The
extent
of
such
inequality
and
the
extent
to
which
said
assessments
are
unequal
is
equal
to
the
difference
between
the
actual
total
assessed
value
as
set
forth
in
Schedule
A
and
15%
of
the
amount
specified
as
the
claimed
value
for
each
unit
set
forth
in
Schedule
A.

9.
RPTL
Section
720(3)
is
unlawful,
improper
and
unconstitutional
in
that
it
improperly
limits
the
scope
of
evidence
to

be
adduced
by
petitioner.

10.
The
assessments
are
illegal
and
unlawful
in
that
they
were
made
contrary
to
law.

11.
The
assessments
are
illegal
and
unlawful
in
that
the

property
should
have
been
wholly
exempt
from
taxation.

12.
Where
a
notice
increasing
the
assessments
of
the
subject

property
was
sent
during
or
subsequent
to
the
time
the
books
of
the
annual
record
of
assessed
valuation
remained
open
for
public
inspection,
the
notice
purporting
to
increase
the
assessments
is
unlawful,
improper,
defective
and
void
in
that
it
fails
to
comply
with
New
York
City
Charter
Section
1512
and
Administrative
Code
Section
11-211;
Charter
Section

1512
is
unlawful,
improper
and
unconstitutional
in
that
it
discriminates

in
favor
of
residential
versus
commercial
property
and
fails
to
provide
adequate
notice
of
an
increased
assessment,
and
unconstitutionally
vague

in
that
it
fails
to
adequately
define
what
is
meant
by
residential
real

estate.

13.
At
all
times
herein
relevant,
the
Constitution
of
the

State
of
New
York,
Article
8,
Section
10,
provides
that
real
estate
tax

revenues
of
the
City
of
New
York
in
any
fiscal
year,
exclusive
of
debt
service
requirements,
shall
not
exceed
2-1/2%
of
the
average
full
value

of
its
taxable
real
estate
for
the
latest
five
fiscal
years.
That
by
discriminating
between
types
of
properties,
respondents
have
reduced
the
value
of
"taxable"
real
estate
so
that
the
tax
rate
exceeds
the
constitutional
limitations
by
reason
of
their
having
effectively
granted

exemptions
from
taxation
to
certain
premises.

14.
Where
petitioner's
property
is
a
cooperative
or

condominium,
the
assessment
has
been
made
contrary
to
RPTL
Section
581

and/or
RPL
Sec.
339-y.

15.
These
assessments
and
all
of
the
assessments
on
the

assessment
rolls
of
the
City
of
New
York
are
illegal
and
unlawful
in

that
Section
305(2)
of
the
Real
Property
Tax
law
requires
that
all
real

property
in
each
assessing
unit
shall
be
assessed
at
a
uniform
percentage

-3-

3 of 7

=== page 485 ===
FILED: NEW YORK COUNTY CLERK 10/12/2021 11:32 AM
INDEX NO. 258783/2021

Case 25-11853-KBO    Doc 396-2    Filed 03/31/26    Page 485 of 551

NYSCEF DOC. NO. 1
RECEIVED NYSCEF: 10/12/2021

of
value
and
that
the
assessments
on
said
roll
are
not
assessed
at
such

uniform
percentage.

16.
Where
the
assessment
of
the
subject
parcel
has
been
set
based
on
45%
of
gross
sales
price,
the
assessment
is
unlawful
in
that
parcels
whose
assessment
is
based
on
45%
of
gross
sales
price
constitute

an
unlawful
and
separate
class
of
real
property
which
is
not
assessed

at
a
uniform
percentage
of
value
required
by
RPTL
Section
305(2)
and
which
class
is
not
authorized
by
RPTL
Section
1802
or
the
New
York
State

and
United
States
Constitutions.

17.
The
assessments
are
illegal
and
unlawful
in
that
respondents
have
wrongfully
denied
a
hearing
to
correct
the
assessment

in
question
pursuant
to
Administrative
Code,
Section
11-208.1
that
is

unconstitutional,
on
its
face
and
as
applied
herein.

18.
Petitioner's
property
has
been
misclassified
as
being
in

class
two,
three
or
four
instead
of
the
appropriate
class
for
petitioner's
property;
the
class
designation
of
petitioner's
parcel
results
in
an
incorrect
allocation
of
the
parcel's
assessed
valuation
between
two
or
more
classes;
the
criteria
used
by
respondents
for
determination
of
tax
class
is
arbitrary,
capricious
and
unlawful.

19.
The
denial
of
the
full
and
appropriate
amount
of
exemption
under
RPTL
Section
421-A
or
any
applicable
statute
granting
exemption

to
the
subject
property
is
arbitrary,
capricious,
contrary
to
law
and
makes
the
assessment
unequal,
unlawful
and
excessive.

20.
By
reason
of
the
aforesaid
excessive,
unequal,
erroneous,
unlawful
and
illegal
assessments,
petitioner
has
been
aggrieved
and
will

be
injured
thereby,
and
will
be
compelled
to
pay
more
than
its
proper
share
of
the
taxes
of
the
City
of
New
York.

21.
Reference
herein
to
"petitioner"
shall
be
deemed
to
include
the
petitioner
named
herein
and
all
of
said
petitioner's
predecessors
in
interest.

22.
The
property's
transition
assessments
are
excessive
in

that
they
have
been
(a)
calculated
in
a
manner
inconsistent
with
the

provisions
of
Real
Property
Tax
Law,
and/or
(b)
calculated
in
a
manner
inconsistent
with
the
transitional
assessment
calculation
for
other
properties
in
the
City
of
New
York.

23.
No
previous
application
has
been
made
for
the
relief

herein
sought
to
this
or
any
other
Court
or
Judge.

-4-

4 of 7

=== page 486 ===
FILED: NEW YORK COUNTY CLERK 10/12/2021 11:32 AM
INDEX NO. 258783/2021

Case 25-11853-KBO    Doc 396-2    Filed 03/31/26    Page 486 of 551

NYSCEF DOC. NO. 1
RECEIVED NYSCEF: 10/12/2021

WHEREFORE,
your
petitioner
prays
that
the
Supreme
Court
review
and

correct
on
the
merits
the
aforementioned
final
determination
of
the
Tax

Commission
on
the
grounds
set
forth
in
this
petition,
and
that
the
Court

take
evidence
to
enable
your
petitioner
to
show
the
unjust,
erroneous,

illegal,
unlawful,
excessive
and
unequal
assessments
of
said
real

property
and
its
misclassification
to
the
end
that
the
said
assessments

may
be
reduced
to
the
sum
for
which
the
said
property
would
sell
under

ordinary
circumstances
for
land
and
improvements,
and
to
a
valuation

proportionate
to
the
assessments
of
other
real
property
assessed
on
the

same
rolls
and/or
other
real
property
of
the
same
class
assessed
on
the

same
rolls,
for
the
same
year,
so
that
equality
of
assessments
will

result,
and
that
all
properties
shall
be
assessed
at
a
uniform
percentage

so
that
said
assessments
will
not
be
unequal,
and
that
equality
of

assessments
will
result,
and
so
that
the
assessments
not
be
contrary
to

law,
and
so
that
any
excessive
transition
assessments
for
current
and

subsequent
tax
years
be
reduced
in
accordance
with
law,
and
for
such

other
and
further
relief
as
the
Court
may
deem
proper,
together
with

costs.

-5-

5 of 7

=== page 487 ===
FILED: NEW YORK COUNTY CLERK 10/12/2021 11:32 AM
INDEX NO. 258783/2021

Case 25-11853-KBO    Doc 396-2    Filed 03/31/26    Page 487 of 551

NYSCEF DOC. NO. 1
RECEIVED NYSCEF: 10/12/2021

EC
58TH
STREET
LLC

Petitioner

Dated:
New
York,
NY

USt
2Ío
,
2021

By:

Anthony
Minella
President

Ditchik
&
Ditchik,
PLLC,
Attorneys
for
Petitioner

370
Lexington
Avenue,
Suite
2301,
New
York,
NY
10017
(212)
661-6400

STAT
NEW
YORK
)
('QNp
COUNTY
OF
YORK
)
ss:

Anthony
Minella,
being
duly
sworn,
deposes
and
says:
Deponent
is

President
of
the
petitioner
herein;
deponent
has
read
and
knows
the

contents
of
the
foregoing
petition;
the
same
is
true
of
deponent's
own

knowledge,
except
as
to
the
matters
therein
stated
to
be
alleged
on

information
and
belief,
and
as
to
those
matters
deponent
believes
it
to

be
true.

That
the
reason
why
this
verification
is
made
by
deponent
and
not
by
petitioner
is
because
petitioner
is
a
limited
liability
company
and

deponent
is
President.

Sworn
to
before
me
this

day
of
,
2021.

Anthony
Mi
ella

Notary
Meeghan
O'Donnell

Notary Public, Stateof Connecticut

SCHEDULE
A
MyW Egins Fetnuary28,2025

For
the
period
commencing
July
1,
2021
and
ending
June
30,
2022

1
2
3
4
5

ASSESSMENT

Block
Lot
Land($)
Land
&
Improvements($)
Claimed
Value($)

1048
1701
3,524,815
36,956,893
12,935,000

1048
1702
3,127,751
22,445,550
7,856,000

1048
1704
96,750
496,350
174,000

1048
1706
299,927
1,957,050
685,000

-6-

6 of 7

=== page 488 ===
FILED: NEW YORK COUNTY CLERK 10/12/2021 11:32 AM
INDEX NO. 258783/2021

Case 25-11853-KBO    Doc 396-2    Filed 03/31/26    Page 488 of 551

NYSCEF DOC. NO. 1
RECEIVED NYSCEF: 10/12/2021

Attorney
Group
No.
491

Index
No.
Year
2021

SUPREME
COURT
OF
THE
STATE
OF
NEW
YORK

COUNTY
OF
NEW
YORK
----------------------------------------------

In
the
Matter
of
the
Application
of

EC
58TH
STREET
LLC

Petitioner,

-against-

THE
TAX
COMMISSION
OF
THE
CITY
OF
NEW
YORK

and
THE
COMMISSIONER
OF
FINANCE
OF
THE
CITY

OF
NEW
YORK

Respondents.
----------------------------------------------

PETITION
FOR
REVIEW
OF
REAL

PROPERTY
ASSESSMENTS

Ditchik
&
Ditchik,
PLLC

Attorneys
for
Petitioner

Office
&
P.O.
Box

370
Lexington
Avenue,
Suite
2301

New
York,
NY
10017

(212)
661-6400

By:

Steven
Tishco,
Esq.

lil

7 of 7

=== page 489 ===
Case 25-11853-KBO    Doc 396-2    Filed 03/31/26    Page 489 of 551

KUCKER  
MARINO 
WINIARSKY  
& BITTENS, LLP

Alan D. Kucker 
James R. Marino 
Nativ Winiarsky  
Andrew B. Bittens *  
William D. Hummell  
Catherine A. Helwig * 
Craig P. Gambardella 
Gregg R. Kurlander  
Jason M. Frosch 
Lisa Faham-Selzer 
Joseph Goldsmith 
Vladimir K. Favilukis * 
----------------------- 
Rachel V. Kramer  
Danielle K. Ciraola  
Kathleen B. Kelliher * 
Rafael D. Dayan 
William J. Halkias * 
Samara Geller

OF COUNSEL: 
Patrick K. Munson 
Abner T. Zelman 
Nikolaos Preponis 
Patrick K. Yu  
Nicholas G. Yokos *  
Daniel Gewirtz  
Tanya M. Owens  
Kacey H. Sou 
Eric R. McAvey 
Jill L. Mandell † 
Joel Celso ^ 
 
* Also admitted in NJ 
†  Also admitted in CT 
^  Also admitted in DC 
 
Elizabeth Hernandez 
Director, Certification of No Harassment Unit 
NYC Department of Housing Preservation & Development 
Housing Litigation Division  
100 Gold Street, Room 6Z4 
New York, NY 10038 
Email: hernanel@hpd.nyc.gov

Re: 
 
 
Opinion of Counsel 
Application for a Certificate of No Harassment. 
Applicant:   
Alberto Smeke 
Ground Lessee: HUDSON 1701/1706, LLC and HUDSON 1702, LLC 
Owner:   
356W58 Ground Lessor LLC 
 
Premises:   
353 West 57th Street, New York, NY  
 
 
Dear Ms. Hernandez:

Please be advised that, based on the examination of the organizational documents of HUDSON 
1701/1706, LLC and HUDSON 1702, LLC, such as the Articles of Organization and Operating Agreement, 
the Ground Lease, the books and records of HUDSON 1701/1706, LLC and HUDSON 1702, LLC, and 
considering all of the surrounding facts and circumstances, as well as having consulted with the Applicant, 
Alberto Smeke, it is my opinion:

(i) 
HUDSON 1701/1706, LLC and HUDSON 1702, LLC are in good standing with the 
Department of State, New York State;  
(ii) 
The Applicant, Alberto Smeke,  is a member of HUDSON 1701/1706, LLC and HUDSON 
1702, LLC.  
(iii) 
The Applicant, Alberto Smeke, is both authorized and entitled to file the instant Application 
for a Certificate of No Harassment on behalf of HUDSON 1701/1706, LLC and HUDSON 
1702, LLC and the owner, 356W58 Ground Lessor LLC, and to make all representation before 
HPD on behalf of HUDSON 1701/1706, LLC and HUDSON 1702, LLC and the owner, 
356W58 Ground Lessor LLC; 
(iv) 
The Applicant, Alberto Smeke, is authorized to bind HUDSON 1701/1706, LLC and 
HUDSON 1702, LLC and the owner, 356W58 Ground Lessor LLC, with regard to the filing 
of this Application for a Certificate of No Harassment.

Please be advised that I am serving the Owner as Special Counsel in this matter and you may direct 
any questions or requests for additional information to me at the address and telephone number listed above. 
Thank you for your time and consideration.

Sincerely,

Joseph Goldsmith, Esq.

T 212.869.5030  
747 Third Avenue 
    Kuckermarino.com 
 
 
 
 
Page 1 of 1 
 
F 212.944.5818  
New York, NY 10017

=== page 490 ===
Case 25-11853-KBO    Doc 396-2    Filed 03/31/26    Page 490 of 551

Exhibit E

Organizational Chart of CSC and Ground Tenant

(Attached hereto)

4866-0049-6406, v. 12

=== page 491 ===
Case 25-11853-KBO    Doc 396-2    Filed 03/31/26    Page 491 of 551

CONFIDENTIAL

CSC – HUDSON
353 WEST 57TH STREET
NEW YORK, NEW YORK

ORGANIZATIONAL STRUCTURE

ALBERTO SMEKE SABA

SALOMON SMEKE SABA

50%

50%

CSC HOLDING, LLC

(DE)

ALBERTO SMEKE

SABA

SALOMON 
SMEKE SABA

100%

50%
50%

CSC HUDSON, LLC

(DE)

353W57 1704 HOLDING, 
LLC (DE)

100%

100%

100%

353W57 1704, LLC 
(DE)1
HUDSON  1701/1706, LLC 
(DE)1 (GROUND LESSEE) 2

HUDSON 1702, LLC
(DE)1 (GROUND LESSEE)

MSP GROUND LESSOR

RETAIL UNIT 
(GROUND LEASE)

HOTEL UNIT #2 (FEE)
HOTEL UNIT #1 (FEE) 2
10TH FLOOR UNIT
(GROUND LEASE) 2

1. Qualified in New York.
2. Hudson 1701/1706, LLC will hold ground lessee interest in Hotel Unit #1 and ground sublessee interest in the 10th Floor Unit.

=== page 492 ===
Case 25-11853-KBO    Doc 396-2    Filed 03/31/26    Page 492 of 551

Exhibit F

Form of Memorandum from Kucker Marino Winiarsky & Bittens, LLP

(Attached hereto)

4866-0049-6406, v. 12

=== page 493 ===
Case 25-11853-KBO    Doc 396-2    Filed 03/31/26    Page 493 of 551

KUCKER  
MARINO 
WINIARSKY  
& BITTENS, LLP

OF COUNSEL: 
Patrick K. Munson 
Abner T. Zelman 
Nikolaos OF COUNSEL:
Patrick K. Munson 
Abner T. Zelman 
Nikolaos Preponis 
Patrick K. Yu  
Nicholas G. Yokos * 
Daniel Gewirtz  
Tanya M. Owens  
Kacey H. Sou 
Eric R. McAvey 
Jill L. Mandell † 
Joel Celso ^

April 29, 2022

* Also admitted in NJ
†  Also admitted in CT 
^  Also admitted in DC

Alan D. Kucker 
James R. Marino 
Nativ Winiarsky  
Andrew B. Bittens *  
William D. Hummell  
Catherine A. Helwig * 
Craig P. Gambardella 
Gregg R. Kurlander  
Jason M. Frosch 
Lisa Faham-Selzer 
Joseph Goldsmith 
Vladimir K. Favilukis * 
----------------------- 
Rachel V. Kramer  
Danielle K. Ciraola  
Kathleen B. Kelliher * 
Rafael D. Dayan 
William J. Halkias * 
Samara Geller

Parkview Financial REIT, LP and 
Parkview Financial 2020, LP, 
c/o Mr. Paul Rahimian 
Parkview Financial REIT, LP  
11601 Wilshire Blvd, Suite 2100  
Los Angeles, CA 90025

356W58 Ground Lessor LLC  
c/o MSP Capital Investments LLC 
3953 Maple Avenue, Suite 350 
Dallas, TX 75219

NexBank, its successors and/or assigns  
2515 McKinney Ave., Ste. 1100 
Dallas, TX, 75201

Re: 
Exemption from the Certificate of No Harassment and Certificate of No Harassment 
353 West 57th Street, New York, NY

Dear All:

My firm represents CSC Coliving, LLC who, through one of its affiliates, is the contract vendee 
for the above mentioned building. We are writing on our client’s behalf as counsel for this project. 
This building is located within the Clinton Special Zoning District and is as well a SRO building. As 
a result, it is incumbent on an owner or operator seeking to undertake certain Covered Categories of 
Construction Work, such as combining units or changing the use permitted by Certificate of Occupancy 
to permit Class A apartments, to obtain either a Certification of No Harassment or an exemption from 
the requirement of obtaining a Certification of No Harassment under both regulations.

Regarding the Clinton Special Zoning District requirement, we have proposed as a step 1 that 
we prepare for filing an application for an exemption from the requirement of obtaining a Certification 
of No Harassment on the basis, pursuant to §96-110 (b)(2) of the Zoning Resolution of the City of New 
York, that the building was initially occupied for residential purposes after January 1, 1974. Here, the 
Certificate of Occupancy in effect on January 1, 1974, dated December 14, 1972, classified the building 
as a Class B Hotel. The Zoning Resolution of the City of New York classifies a Class B Hotel as a 
commercial use under Use Group 5. The required documents for an application for an exemption are:

•
Original certified copies of all deeds for all current and prior owners who owned the property
since September 5, 1973;

T 212.869.5030 
747 Third Avenue 
 Kuckermarino.com 
Page 1 of 4 
F 212.944.5818 
New York, NY 10017

=== page 494 ===
Case 25-11853-KBO    Doc 396-2    Filed 03/31/26    Page 494 of 551

•
If the current title to the property is held by an entity, the Articles of Organization, operating
agreement or LLC resolution, as well as the NYS filing receipt for the entity and a Certificate
of Good standing;
•
Original certified copy of the Certificate of Occupancy;
•
Original documentation of any net leases for the subject property since September 5, 1973;
•
Proof of the exemption, which in this case would be Original certified copy of the Certificate
of Occupancy in effect on January 1, 1974, dated December 14, 1972;
•
A Completed Application Form; and
•
An Opinion of Counsel that:

o
Based on the examination of the Company’s organizational documents such as
(specifying which documents were consulted), that Counsel represents that the entity
is in good standing with the Department of State:
o
The applicant’s relationship (official title) to the Entity.
o
The applicant (name of applicant) is authorized to make all representation before
DHPD on behalf of the Entity and is authorized to file the Application for Certificate
of No Harassment on behalf of the Entity.
o
The applicant (name) is authorized to bind the Entity (name) with regard to the filing
of the Application for CONH.

I have reviewed the Zoning Resolution of the City of New York and the Certificate of 
Occupancy in effect on January 1, 1974 and I believe there is merit to the Application. There is no fee 
for the filing of an application for an exemption and it has been our experience with HPD in the past 
that the applications are usually decided within 4-6 weeks. A form copy of the application for an 
exemption is attached for your review. The application for an exemption, further, is not served on any 
tenant or occupant of the building and they get no notice that the foregoing was filed. I previously 
obtained an exemption for the Roger Smith Hotel in 2019, a copy of which is enclosed, and am familiar 
with the process.

Regarding the SRO requirement, we have discussed before filing an application to wait until a 
decision is rendered on whether the building is exempt from the requirement of the Clinton Special 
Zoning District of obtaining a Certification of No Harassment before filing anything. If the exemption 
from the requirement of the Clinton Special Zoning District of obtaining a Certification of No 
Harassment is granted, it has been requested that all applications for required permits to complete the 
Multifamily Project be submitted to the NYC Department of Buildings and, if permits are approved, 
to move forward with construction. If permits are denied on the basis of needing a Certification of No 
Harassment pursuant to the SRO requirement, then to apply for a Certification of No Harassment under 
the SRO requirement.

Before filing an application for a Certification of No Harassment pursuant to the SRO 
requirement, and while we await the decision on whether the building is exempt from the requirement 
of the Clinton Special Zoning District, we are proposing we first investigate whether the building 
qualifies for an exemption from the requirement of obtaining a Certification of No Harassment, as 
defined in §28-107.2 of the New York Administrative Code, on the possible basis of the building 
having been a Luxury Hotel. A Luxury Hotel is defined as a single room occupancy multiple dwelling 
in which the rent on May 5, 1983, exclusive of governmentally assisted rental payment charged for 
seventy-five percent or more of the total number of occupied individual dwelling units was more than 
fifty-five dollars ($55.00) per day for each unit rented on a daily basis, or more than two hundred and 
fifty dollars ($250.00) per week for each unit rented on a weekly basis or more than eight hundred and 
fifty dollars ($850.00) per month for each unit rented on a monthly basis. In order to establish this

Page 2 of 4

=== page 495 ===
Case 25-11853-KBO    Doc 396-2    Filed 03/31/26    Page 495 of 551

exemption, it would be incumbent for the applicant to establish the rent on May 5, 1983 for the units 
and we would suggest an investigation be undertaken of the historic rents on that date.

To date we have been unable to ascertain whether the building qualifies for an exemption from 
the requirement of obtaining a Certification of No Harassment on the possible basis of the building 
having been a Luxury Hotel. If permits are denied on the basis of needing a Certification of No 
Harassment pursuant to the SRO requirement and if an investigation reveals that the building does not 
qualify as a Luxury Hotel or if the time and cost proves to be unreasonable, then we would suggest 
filing for a Certification of No Harassment under the SRO requirement.

To apply for a Certification of No Harassment under the SRO requirement, a property owner 
must complete the application and pay the required fee of $160 per existing unit listed on the current 
Certificate of Occupancy. The inquiry period for Certificate of Occupancy under the SRO requirement 
is three years before the application is filed. I have done a preliminary review of the last three years 
and I see and/or understand that the Hotel has been closed and vacant of transient occupants for 1.5 
years, that there has been no litigation commenced before the DHCR or before HPD, and I am told that 
there have been good relations between the SRO tenants and ownership. The required documents for 
an application for a Certification of No Harassment under the SRO requirement are:

• 
Original certified copies of all deeds for all current and prior owners who owned the property 
since three years prior to the application;  
• 
If the current title to the property is held by an entity, the Articles of Organization, operating 
agreement or LLC resolution, as well as the NYS filing receipt for the entity and a Certificate 
of Good standing; 
• 
Original certified copy of the Certificate of Occupancy;  
• 
Original documentation of any net leases for the subject property since three years prior to the 
application; 
• 
A Completed Application Form; and 
• 
An Opinion of Counsel that:

o Based on the examination of the Company’s organizational documents such as

(specifying which documents were consulted), that Counsel represents that the entity 
is in good standing with the Department of State:  
o The applicant’s relationship (official title) to the Entity.  
o The applicant (name of applicant) is authorized to make all representation before

DHPD on behalf of the Entity and is authorized to file the Application for Certificate 
of No Harassment on behalf of the Entity.  
o The applicant (name) is authorized to bind the Entity (name) with regard to the filing

of the Application for CONH.

It has been my experience with HPD in the past that the applications are usually decided within 
12 months, provided HPD does not find probable cause that harassment occurred. A form copy of the 
application for a Certification of No Harassment is attached for your review. I most recently obtained 
a Certification for 222 East 12th Street in Manhattan in 2021, a copy of which is enclosed, and am 
familiar with the process.

If the Certification of No Harassment pursuant to the SRO requirement is granted, it has been 
requested that all applications for required permits to complete the Multifamily Project be submitted 
to the NYC Department of Buildings and, if permits are approved, to move forward with construction.

As for a step 2, if exemption from the requirement of the Clinton Special Zoning District of

Page 3 of 4

=== page 496 ===
Case 25-11853-KBO    Doc 396-2    Filed 03/31/26    Page 496 of 551

obtaining a Certification of No Harassment is denied, we have discussed submitting an application 
pursuant to the Clinton Special Zoning District of a Certification of No Harassment.

To apply for a Certification of No Harassment pursuant to the Clinton Special Zoning District 
the application and process is entirely alike applying for a Certification of No Harassment pursuant to 
the SRO requirement except, instead of a 36 month inquiry period, the Zoning Resolution defines 
inquiry period to mean a period which commences 15 years prior to the application date. Thus, the 
documentation and information in the application will have to be enlarged to encompass the enlarged 
inquiry period. We have discussed, before any application for a Certification of No Harassment 
pursuant to the Clinton Special Zoning District is submitted, that we perform a full administrative 
review for the Special Clinton District inquiry period, the results of which (together with all backup 
information pertaining thereto) shall be provided to Landlord and no application shall be submitted 
without Tenant’s and Landlord’s mutual, reasonable discretion, that there is no reasonable evidence 
that would be likely to result (or otherwise support) a Finding of Harassment, such that submitting a 
application for the Special Clinton District would be detrimental to the Project.

If the Certification of No Harassment pursuant to the Special Clinton District requirement is 
submitted and granted, it has been requested that all applications for required permits to complete the 
Multifamily Project be submitted to the NYC Department of Buildings and, if permits are approved, 
to move forward with construction.

If Certification of No Harassment pursuant to the Special Clinton District requirement or SRO 
is denied on the basis of a finding of harassment, the same will constitute a Fallback Business Plan 
Notice and Tenant will need to come up with an alternative business plan within 90 days. Any such 
alternate business plan may, if applicable, include taking advantage of the “cure” for a Certification of 
No Harassment denial. To satisfy the requirements of Curing with HPD, the building owner must go 
through the application process and then enter into a Cure Agreement with HPD that stipulates the 
construction of permanently affordable Low Income Housing restricted to households earning at or 
below 80% AMI covering the greater of: (i) 28% of the total residential floor area of any multiple 
dwelling to be altered or demolished in which harassment has occurred, and (ii) 20% of the total floor 
area of any new or altered building on the Cure lot.

Please let me know if you have any questions or concerns. Thank you for your time and 
consideration.

Sincerely,

Joseph Goldsmith, Esq.

cc: 
Sal Smeke 
Alberto Smeke 
CSC Coliving, LLC  
6 St. Johns Lane 
New York, NY 10013 
Tel.: (212) 419-3149 
Email: ss@csc-coliving.com 
Email: as@csc-coliving.com

Page 4 of 4

=== page 497 ===
Case 25-11853-KBO    Doc 396-2    Filed 03/31/26    Page 497 of 551

CITY OF NEW YORK

DEPARTMENT OF HOUSING PRESERVATION AND DEVELOPMENT

FINAL DETERMINATION UPON APPLICATION FOR A 
CERTIFICATION OF NO HARASSMENT PURSUANT TO SECTION 27-2093

OF THE NEW YORK CITY ADMINISTRATIVE

Application No.:
35/2021

Applicant(s):
TERRENCE LOWENBERG

222 East 12th Street, New York, NY 10003
Premises:

April 23, 2018 to the present pursuant to Section 27-2093 of the 
New York City Administrative Code.
Inquiry Period:

Granted
Action:

This certification will remain in effect for three (3) years from the 
Date of Issuance.
Duration:

November 22, 2021
Date:

Martha A. Weithman, Esq., Assistant Commissioner 
Department of Housing Preservation & Development

=== page 498 ===
Premises:

Duration:

79/19
Application No.:

Date:
August 22, 2019

Phoebe Knowles
Applicant(s):

501 Lexington Avenue 
New York, New York 10017

Martha A. Weithman, Esq., Assistant Commissioner - HLD 
Department of Housing Preservation & Development

Case 25-11853-KBO    Doc 396-2    Filed 03/31/26    Page 498 of 551

CITY OF NEW YORK
DEPARTMENT OF HOUSING PRESERVATION AND DEVELOPMENT

This exemption will remain in effect for three years from the date of 
issuance.

Exempt. New York City Administrative Code 28-107.2, Exception: 6.
Action:

FINAL DETERMINATION UPON APPLICATION FOR AN EXEMTION FROM 
REQUIREMENT TO OBTAIN CERTIFICATION OF NO HARASSMENT PURSUANT 
TO SECTION 28-107.2 OF THE NEW YORK CITY ADMINSTRATIVE CODE

=== page 499 ===
Case 25-11853-KBO    Doc 396-2    Filed 03/31/26    Page 499 of 551

r

.t'MK 1 of 2
Fntm SI <«*■*. S/f^l-JJM-r«iS»5Hfi7|

DEPAKl'MENT -OF IHJiLDIPsGS
1

, THE CITY OF NEW YORK

BOROUGH OF HABiiAISAlf 
December 14* 1572

7Z7T&
No.
Date

CERTIFICATE OF OCCUPANCY

NO CHANGES OF USE OR OCCUPANCY NOT CONSISTENT WITH THIS CERTIFICATE SHALL

BE MADE UNLESS FIRST APPROVED BY THE BOROUGH SUPERINTENDENT

This ccrtifical 
THIS CERT

s_
es C. O. No. 
S8201
that th«»^«y—aimed-*mistijsr—butldint;—premises located at

Block 1048 Lot 2
353 TJesIs 57th Street
That the zomnp lot and premises above referred to are situated, hounded and described as fellows:

side of
BEGINNING at a point on the 
distant
Weet 57th Street
feet 0 net from the corner formed by the intersection of

north
20*
and
feet; thence 
feet; thence
West STtJa Street
running thence ees%135'* 
thence

9th Avenue
...acrtb-.ZOQ'-iG”-----
.-SOtttfc-200^-10-“-----

.feet; thence ..

.feet;
.feet;
-feet;
' "tT©3*fc>
mtining thence--------------------
to the point or place of beginning, conforms substantially to the approved plans and specifications, and to the require­
ments of the Building Code, ihe Zoning Resolution and all other laws and ordinances, and of the rules of the Board of 
Standards and Appeals, applicable to a building of its class and kind nt the time the permit -was issued; and

CERTIFIES FURTHER that, any provisions of Section 646c of the New York Charter have been complied 
with as certified by a rc-port of the Fire Commissioner to the Borough Superintendent.

Class 1 
Streproof
-g^hBrOr Alt. No.- 820-1966
Construction classification—

. Height gg 
. Located in

at time of issuance of jx?fe¥i?in’5er 1» J-W fz

stories, 244*0”
feet
Zoning District
0 4-7, C 1-8 & 
B 10
reao-

1 (Calender- noxe
| be iBocttcd benben tn

Thu certificate is issued subject to the limitation* hereinafter specified and to the following 
lotions of the Board of Standards and Appeals: 
and The City Planning Commission:

PERMISSIBLE USE AND OCCUPANCY

Off-Street Parking Spaces

Off-Street Loading Berths

PERSONS
ACCOMMODATED
STORY
USE

LIVE LOADS 
Lh». irr Sq. Ft.

150
Sub—
Clr.
120

75
120
Clr.

1200
120
1st

550
100 &
1st
120

motion picture studio and offices, 
swimming pool, men's recreation room (gym) 
with accessory use, women's lounge, employ­
ees' locker rooms, offices, rest room, 
storage, boiler room, service and. utility 
rooms.
Women's recreation room (gym) with access­
ory use, helps* locker rooms, pastry shop, 
carpenter shop, service and utility rooms.
Assembly or ballroom, cocktail lounge, 
bar and kitchen, hotel offices, nawstand, 
bar and stores and service rooms.
Conference and meeting room, doctors' 
offices, hotel offices, beauty salon, 
electrolysis, Bermuda room, lockers, 
storage and service rooms.

Dining end meeting room, kitchen and 
lounge,

two (2)
service pantry.

600
100
2nd
music, meeting and sitting rooms, 
lounges, cocktail lounge and
e

Sewage Disposal:
Saintary Drainagi

— 
—-----------------Discharge Into Either
(DOES} (DOES NOT) Sanitary or Conjbtned Sewer
-GY3R-

Storm Drainage.
———-------------------- Discharge Into Either

(DOES) (DOES NOT) Storm or Combined Sewer

t-n

Borough Superintendent
OFFICE COPY*—DEPARTMENT OF BUILDINGS

— p

=== page 500 ===
Case 25-11853-KBO    Doc 396-2    Filed 03/31/26    Page 500 of 551

I
i
M .

PERM1SSIQLE USE AND OCCUPANCY (conllnuml)

s=u.Trsr;-*r^=r^
LIVE LOADS
PERSONS 
ACC3Q1IU OlrATEO
STOftY
USE

4th
40
ur^|p|

5th
40

6th
50
240

!
7th
40
'I-T.t

8th
50
100
9th
50
240

lOth
40

11th
40

12th
40

13th
40

14th
40

15th
40

■ ■

16 th
40
t ■

•-

17th to 40 each 
19th, :tyel.
20th

40

21st
40
room.
22nd
40

160
3rd
5Q-
0ffloes, photo rooa, looker rooais and
valet.-
Forty (40} hotel rooms and goest la 
room, and maid*a looker room.
Fifty-8lx (56) hotel rooms« telephone
switchboard room and maids* looker room.
Psyohlatrea office, group therapy rooms 
and offloes for non-profit hospital 
related facilities—without sleeping 
accommodations, Use group 4.
Sixty—eight (68) hotel rooms, and maids*
looker room.
Hospital staff offices, maids' looker room.
Offices for non-profit hospital related 
facilities (without sleeping accommoda­
tions},. Use group 4.; :
Thirty—eight (38) hotel rooms, fifteen 
(15) hospital staff rooms, maids looker 
room, lounge, laundry.
Twenty (20) hotel rooms, twenty-fire 
(25) hospital staff rooms, maids 
locker room.
Sixty-nine (69) hotel rooms and maids* 
looker room.
Seventy-one (71) hotel rooms, Baida* 
looker room.
Forty—three (43) hotel rooms, maids' 
looker room and solarium.
Forty (40) hotel rooms and maids' 
looker room.
Forty-one (41) hotel rooms, maids* 
looker room.
Thirty-seven (37) hotel rooms, maids' 
looker room, each story.
Thirty-four (34) hotel rooms, maids' 
looker room.
Seventeen (17) hotel rooms, nine (9) 
hospital staff rooms, maids' looker
Thirty-six (36) hotel rooms «nd maids* 
looker room.

Borough Superintendent

=== page 501 ===
Case 25-11853-KBO    Doc 396-2    Filed 03/31/26    Page 501 of 551

Office of Enforcement & 
Neighborhood Services 
Housing Litigation Division 
100 Gold Street 
New York, N.Y. 10038

nyc.gov/hpd

APPLICATION FOR AN EXEMPTION FROM THE CERTIFICATION OF NO HARASSMENT (“CONH”)

REQUIREMENT 
INSTRUCTIONS 
This is an application for an Exemption from the requirement of obtaining a Certification of No Harassment 
(“CONH”).  Below is a summary of the possible exemptions for Single Room Occupancy (“SRO”) multiple 
dwellings and multiple dwellings located in a Special Zoning District. Be sure to indicate the requirement type 
(SRO, Special Zoning District) and number designation of the exemption you are seeking in question 2.  
 
You may seek an exemption from the CONH requirement for SRO buildings if the subject building is one of the 
following exceptions, as defined in §28-107.2 of the New York Administrative Code:

1. 
A College or School Dormitory; 
2. 
A Clubhouse; 
3. 
A Luxury Hotel.  This is defined as a single room occupancy multiple dwelling in which the rent 
on May 5, 1983, exclusive of governmentally assisted rental payment charged for seventy-five 
percent or more of the total number of occupied individual dwelling units was more than fifty-five 
dollars ($55.00)  per day for each unit rented on a daily basis, or more than two hundred and 
fifty dollars ($250.00) per week for each unit rented on a weekly basis or more than eight 
hundred and fifty dollars ($850.00) per month for each unit rented on a monthly basis; 
4. 
Residence whose occupancy is restricted to an institutional use such as housing intended for 
use primarily or exclusively by the employees of a single company or institution; 
5. 
A City-owned multiple dwelling; 
6. 
Any multiple dwelling containing fewer than nine class B dwelling units used for single room 
occupancy unless the total number of such units is more than fifty percent of  the total dwelling 
units in such multiple dwelling.  For example, a building containing eight single rooms and eight 
apartments would qualify, but one containing eight single rooms and fewer than eight 
apartments would not qualify; and 
7. 
Any class A or B multiple dwelling which is (a) the subject of a program approved by the 
Commissioner of Housing Preservation and Development and related to the rehabilitation of a 
single room occupancy multiple dwelling or the provision of housing for persons of low or 
moderate income, other than a program consisting solely of real property tax abatement or tax 
exemption and (b) exempted from the provisions by the Commissioner of housing preservation 
and development.

You may seek an exemption from the Special Zoning District CONH requirement if the subject building is one 
of the following, as defined in §96-110 (b)(2) of the Zoning Resolution of the City of New York:

1. 
Any city-owned multiple dwelling; 
2. 
Any multiple dwelling which is the subject of a program approved by the Department of Housing 
Preservation and Development for the provision of housing for persons of low or moderate 
income and has been exempted from the provisions of this Section by written determination of 
the Department of Housing Preservation and Development; 
3. 
Any multiple dwelling initially occupied for residential purposes after January 1, 1974, except for 
buildings which are or have been interim multiple dwellings pursuant to Article7C of the Multiple 
Dwelling Law; 
4. 
Any exempt hotel (for further clarification, see §96-110(a)(6)(i) and (ii)); 
5. 
Any multiple dwelling in which occupancy is restricted to clubhouse or school dormitory use and 
occupancy was restricted to clubhouse or school dormitory use on the referral date; and 
6. 
Any exempt institutional residence (for further clarification, see §96-110(a)(7) (i) and (ii))

=== page 502 ===
Case 25-11853-KBO    Doc 396-2    Filed 03/31/26    Page 502 of 551

Special Zoning Districts include:

 
The Special Clinton District- § 96-110; or  
 
The Special Hudson Yards District- § 93-90; or 
 
The Special Garment Center District- § 93-90; or 
 
The Greenpoint-Williamsburg anti-harassment area- § 23-013; or  
 
The Special West Chelsea District- § 98-70 and § 93-90. 
 
Required Documents:  Please submit the following documents with your application. Please note that if any 
of the required documentation is missing, HPD may reject the application. 
 
Original certified copies of all deeds for all current and prior owners who owned the property since the 
inquiry period start date. 
 
If the current title to the property is held by an entity, provide documentation in support:

o Articles of Organization, operating agreement or LLC resolution, as well as the NYS filing receipt for

the entity and a Certificate of Good standing. 
 
Original certified copy of the Certificate of Occupancy, if one exists.

o If no Certificate of Occupancy exists, attach an original certified letter from the DOB stating that the

building does not have one. 
 
Original documentation of any net leases for the subject property during the inquiry period. 
 
HPD, at its discretion, may require a copy of the architectural plans. 
 
Work:  Regardless of the type or location of the property, a CONH is not required for all types of work.  You 
should refer directly to the Administrative Code and/or the New York City Zoning Resolution to determine 
whether a CONH is required.  You may also consult with the Department of Buildings. 
 
Completing the Application: All sections must be fully completed. You must enter the BIN in question 1. 
The BIN can be found by searching the address through the Department of Building’s Building Information 
system at nyc.gov/buildings. This version of the application must be used effective March 1, 2018. 
 
Who May Apply:  The applicant must be an individual natural person and must be either (i) a title holder, a 
contract vendee in possession, or a net lessee under a lease with at least 10 years remaining in its term 
("owner"), or (ii) a principal or officer of an owner who is authorized to sign on behalf of and bind such owner.  
If the applicant does not have legal authority to authorize the Department of Housing Preservation and 
Development ("HPD") to enter all common areas of the property (for example, if the applicant is a contract 
vendee or is an owner who has leased the property to someone else), then the application must also be signed 
by an individual natural person who has such authority.  If the applicant is a contract vendee, then the 
application must also be signed by an individual natural person who is authorized to sign on behalf of the title 
holder. 
 
Opinion of Counsel:  If title to the property is held by an entity rather than by a natural person, submit a letter 
from an attorney stating that:  
 
Based on the examination of the Company’s organizational documents such as (specify which documents 
were consulted), you represent that the entity (name of entity) is in good standing with the Department of 
State, New York State.  
 
The applicant’s relationship (official title) to the Entity.    
 
The applicant (name of applicant) is authorized to make all representation before DHPD on behalf of the 
Entity and is authorized to file the Application for Certificate of No Harassment on behalf of the Entity.   
 
The applicant (name) is authorized to bind the Entity (name) with regard to the filing of the Application for 
CONH.   
 
Number of Copies:  Submit one original and one copy of this application and all supporting documents. 
 
Fee:  There are no fees to process this application. 
 
Submission Method and Location:  Submit the application by mail (regular, certified, or registered), private 
courier, or hand delivery. Hand deliveries are only accepted Monday- Friday from 9 a.m. to 11 a.m.

=== page 503 ===
Case 25-11853-KBO    Doc 396-2    Filed 03/31/26    Page 503 of 551

Submission Location:  Submit the application to the Anti-Harassment Unit, Department of Housing 
Preservation and Development, 100 Gold Street, Room 6P6 New York, NY  10038, Attention: Rhonda Waldon. 
 
Inquiries: Direct all inquiries regarding this application to: (212) 863-8266. 
 
Additional Pages:  If the answer to any question in this application requires additional space, please add 
pages to the application as necessary.  For each such page, (i) clearly indicate the number of the question to 
which it pertains at the top of the page, and (ii) insert the page into the application immediately following that 
question.

=== page 504 ===
Case 25-11853-KBO    Doc 396-2    Filed 03/31/26    Page 504 of 551

APPLICATION FOR AN EXEMPTION FROM THE CONH REQUIREMENT 
 
 
 
 
 
Rev. July 2018

1. 
Property:  Identify the property that is the subject of this application ("property"). 
 
Borough: 
 Manhattan            Brooklyn            Bronx            Queens            Staten Island 
 
Block:  ________ 
Lot:  ______  HPD Registration ID: __________ BIN: _______________ 
 
Street Address:  _________________________________________________________________ 
 
2. 
Exemption Sought: Please indicate the requirement and number designation of the exemption you are 
seeking. (See instructions.) Please check every box that applies. 
 Single Room Occupancy multiple dwelling. Exemption Number________ 
 
 Special Clinton District. Exemption Number________ 
 Special Hudson Yards District. Exemption Number________ 
 Preservation Area P-2 of the Special Garment Center District. Exemption Number________ 
 Greenpoint-Williamsburg anti-harassment area. Exemption Number________ 
 Special West Chelsea District. Exemption Number________ 
 
3. 
Building Configuration:  Attach either an original certified copy of the certificate of occupancy or 
original certified letter from the Department of Buildings stating that the building does not have a 
certificate of occupancy.  Describe the legal and actual configuration of the building below.

Legal Configuration -

Actual Configuration -

Type of Unit

Number of Units

Number of Units 
 
Apartment Dwelling Units

SRO Dwelling Units

Total Dwelling Units

Commercial Units

What is the basis of the legal configuration described above? 
 Certificate of Occupancy (must attach if this is the basis of the legal configuration) 
  Original certified letter from the Department of Buildings 
 
4. 
Building Occupancy:  Is the building currently vacant? 
 Yes (How long has the building been vacant?) ______________________________________. 
 No (Describe the current occupancy below).

Type of Unit

Occupied

Vacant

Total 
 
Apartment Dwelling Units

SRO Dwelling Units

Total Dwelling Units

Commercial Units

1

=== page 505 ===
Case 25-11853-KBO    Doc 396-2    Filed 03/31/26    Page 505 of 551

APPLICATION FOR AN EXEMPTION FROM THE CONH REQUIREMENT 
 
 
 
 
 
Rev. July 2018

5. 
Applicant(s):  Identify the applicant(s). An applicant must be a natural person, not an entity. 
 
Name (1) _______________________________ 
Name (2) _______________________________ 
 
 
Social Security Number: ____/____/______  
Social Security Number: ____/____/______  
 
Date of Birth:  _____/____/______ 
 
 
Date of Birth:  _____/____/_____ 
 
Mailing Address:  ____________________________________________________________________ 
 
Business Telephone Number: ______________ 
Mobile Telephone Number:  __________________ 
 
Email Address:  _________________________ 
Fax Number:  _____________________________ 
 
Relationship to the property (attach documentation): ________________________________________ 
 
Deed Owner:  ______________________________________________________________________ 
 
Deed Owner Address: _______________________________________________________________ 
 
6. 
Basis for Exemption: Please provide a statement detailing the basis for the exemption and all 
documentation substantiating the claim.  
____________________________________________________________________________

____________________________________________________________________________

____________________________________________________________________________

____________________________________________________________________________

____________________________________________________________________________

____________________________________________________________________________

____________________________________________________________________________

____________________________________________________________________________

____________________________________________________________________________

____________________________________________________________________________

____________________________________________________________________________

____________________________________________________________________________

____________________________________________________________________________

____________________________________________________________________________

___________________________________________________________________________

2

=== page 506 ===
Case 25-11853-KBO    Doc 396-2    Filed 03/31/26    Page 506 of 551

APPLICATION FOR AN EXEMPTION FROM THE CONH REQUIREMENT 
 
 
 
 
 
Rev. July 2018

7. 
Prior Applications for the Property:  Has anyone ever submitted an application for an exemption or 
waiver from the requirement for a certification of no harassment to HPD with respect to the property? 
 No. 
 Yes (Indicate the date of the application and any other relevant details). 
 
Date of the 
Application

Applicant

Details

8. 
Current Ownership 
A. Current Owners: List each current holder of title to the property including individual owners, joint

owners and corporate owners: 
Name 
Date of Birth SSN or EIN 
Address

3

=== page 507 ===
Case 25-11853-KBO    Doc 396-2    Filed 03/31/26    Page 507 of 551

APPLICATION FOR AN EXEMPTION FROM THE CONH REQUIREMENT 
 
 
 
 
 
Rev. July 2018

B. Current Principals and Officers:  If title to the property is held by an entity rather than by a

person, list (i) every director, general partner, managing partner, or managing member of such 
entity, (ii) every officer of such entity, (iii) every other person authorized to sign for and bind such 
entity, and (iv) every person or entity holding a 10% or more economic interest in such entity.   
Provide an opinion of counsel letter which authorizes the individual to file the application.  An 
opinion of counsel letter is a letter by an attorney stating that the person signing the application for 
the corporation, partnership or limited liability corporation, is entitled to file and act on behalf of the 
entity and to make all of the representations and commitments therein.  You must also provide 
the supporting documentation as listed in the Instructions to support the below.

Name

Date of Birth

SSN or EIN

Relationship 
to Owner

Address and  
Telephone Number

4

=== page 508 ===
Case 25-11853-KBO    Doc 396-2    Filed 03/31/26    Page 508 of 551

APPLICATION FOR AN EXEMPTION FROM THE CONH REQUIREMENT 
 
 
 
 
 
Rev. July 2018

C. Current Management:  List each person who served as a managing agent, a superintendent,

collected rents, supervised or ordered repairs, or exercised any other discretion in the management 
of the property under the current ownership. 
 
Name and Address

Employer and Role

Period of Service

Nature of Service

9. 
Reason for Application:  Briefly describe the reason for this application (e.g., the alteration or 
demolition work to be performed at the property). 
 
____________________________________________________________________________

____________________________________________________________________________

____________________________________________________________________________

____________________________________________________________________________

____________________________________________________________________________

____________________________________________________________________________

A. Have any applications for permits been filed with the Department of Buildings for work at the

property which would require a certification of no harassment? 
  No  
(Even if no such applications for permits have been filed with the Department of 
 
Buildings, HPD may request copies of architectural plans). 
    Yes     (Attach a copy of each such application, stamped by the Department of Buildings, and all

attachments thereto). 
 
B. Is any construction work currently in progress?

 No. 
 Yes (Provide details below). 
____________________________________________________________________________

____________________________________________________________________________

5

=== page 509 ===
Case 25-11853-KBO    Doc 396-2    Filed 03/31/26    Page 509 of 551

APPLICATION FOR AN EXEMPTION FROM THE CONH REQUIREMENT 
 
 
 
 
 
Rev. July 2018

Applicant Consent: The owner of the property hereby consents to permit HPD unfettered access to the 
property that is the subject of this application at all times and without prior notice. It is understood that the 
failure to provide such access when requested will prevent the processing of this application and, in the 
discretion of HPD, may result in the denial of an Exemption from the requirement of obtaining a Certification of 
No Harassment. 
 
Further, it is understood that the application may be denied if it contains any false or misleading statements, or 
material omissions. 
 
Further, it is understood that the applicant and/or undersigned must first obtain an Exemption from the 
requirement of obtaining a Certification of No Harassment from HPD and all necessary permits from the DOB 
prior to commencing the work at the subject premises, which is the subject of this application. 
 
I, the applicant, have read the within application and attest that its entire contents are true and complete. 
 
 
 
____________________________________ 
_________________________________________  
Applicant's Signature (1) 
 
 
 
Applicant's Signature (2) 
 
____________________________________ 
_________________________________________  
Print Name Above 
 
 
 
 
Print Name Above  
 
____________________________________ 
_________________________________________  
Relationship to the Property  
 
 
Relationship to the Property 
 
 
 
____________________________________ 
  
Corporate Entity Designee Signature  
 
 
 
____________________________________ 
Print Name Above 
 
 
 
 
 
____________________________________ 
Relationship to the Property  
 
 
 
 
 
 
Sworn to this _______ day of  
___________, 20___. 
 
 
_________________________  
Notary

6

=== page 510 ===
Case 25-11853-KBO    Doc 396-2    Filed 03/31/26    Page 510 of 551

NW:

Office of Enforcement & 
Neighborhood Services 
Housing Litigation Division 
f 
100 Gold Street 
Department o 
New York, N.Y. 10038 
Housing Preservation 
& Development 
nyc.gov/hpd 
Version Effective 8/1/2018

APPLICATION FOR A CERTIFICATION OF NO HARASSMENT ("CONH")

FILING INSTRUCTIONS

Requirements: A certification of no harassment ("CONH") may be required to obtain a permit from the 
Department of Buildings for certain types of work based on either or both of the following: 
• 
the type of building (an SRO multiple dwelling) pursuant to Administrative Code §28-107.2 and §27-2093; 
and/or 
• 
the location of the property pursuant to New York City Zoning Resolution §96-110, §93-90, §98-70, and/or 
§23-013.

One application may be filed if the building is both an SRO multiple dwelling and located within one of the 
areas required to file for a Certification of No Harassment by the Zoning Resolution.

Regardless of why a CONH is required, (i) the application process is governed by rules set forth in Chapter 10 
of Title 28 of the Rules of the City of New York, and (ii) you must use this form to apply for the CONH.

Property: You should only seek a CONH if the property for which you seek a CONH is: 
1. A Single Room Occupancy ("SRO") multiple dwelling) 
For the purposes of this application, "SRO multiple dwelling" has the meaning specified in Administrative Code 
§28-107.2. A single room occupancy multiple dwelling means:

• 
A "class A multiple dwelling" used in whole or part as a "rooming house" or "furnished room house," 
or for "single room occupancy" pursuant to section 248 of the New York state multiple dwelling law; 
• 
A "class A multiple dwelling" containing "rooming units"; or 
• 
A "class B multiple dwelling." 
And/Or

2. A multiple dwelling .or interim multiple dwelling located in one of the following geographic areas (as 
specified in the New York City Zoning Resolution):

• 
The Special Clinton District - § 96-110; or 
• 
The Special Hudson Yards District - § 93-90; or 
• 
The Special Garment Center District - § 93-90; or 
• 
The Greenpoint-Williamsburg anti-harassment area - § 23-013; or 
• 
The Special West Chelsea District - § 98-70 and § 93-90.

If the property fits one of the SRO exceptions as outlined in Administrative Code §28-107.2 and is not located 
in any of the geographic areas specified above, you may file an "Application for an Exemption from the 
Certification of No Harassment Requirement." This application can be found at nyc.gov/hpd.

If the property does not fall into any of these categories, a CONH is not required.

Work: Regardless of the type or location of the property, a CONH is not required for all types of work. You 
should refer directly to the Administrative Code and/or the New York City Zoning Resolution to determine 
whether a CONH is required. You may also consult with the Department of Buildings.

Completing the Application: All sections must be fully completed. You must enter the BIN in question 1. 
The BIN can be found by searching the address through the Department of Building's Building Information 
system at nyc.gov/buildings. This version of the application must be used effective August 1, 2018.

0 Printed on paper containing 30% post-conswner material.

=== page 511 ===
Case 25-11853-KBO    Doc 396-2    Filed 03/31/26    Page 511 of 551

Who May Apply: The applicant must be an individual natural person and must be either (i) a title holder, a 
contract vendee in possession, or a net lessee under a lease with at least 10 years remaining in its term 
("owner"), or (ii) a principal or officer of an owner who is authorized to sign on behalf of and bind such owner. 
If the applicant does not have legal authority to authorize the Department of Housing Preservation and 
Development ("HPD") to enter all common areas of the property (for example, if the applicant is a contract 
vendee or is an owner who has leased the property to someone else), then the application must also be signed 
by an individual natural person who has such autho~ity. 
If the applicant is a contract vendee, then the 
application must also be signed by an individual natural person who is authorized to sign on behalf of the title 
holder.

Opinion of Counsel: If title to the property is held by an entity rather than by a natural person, submit a letter 
from an attorney stating that: 
• 
Based on the examination of the Company's organizational documents such as (specify which documents 
were consulted), you represent that the entity (name of entity) is in good standing with the Department of 
State, New York State. 
• 
The applicant's relationship (official title) to.the Entity. 
• 
The applicant (name of applicant) is authorized to make all representation before DHPD on behalf of the 
Entity and is authorized to file the Application for Certificate of No Harassment on behalf of the Entity. 
• 
The applicant (name) is authorized to bind the Entity (name) with regard to the filing of the Application for 
CONH.

Number of Copies: Submit one original and one copy of this application and all supporting documents.

Fee: Enclose a certified or bank check or a money order payable to "NYC Commissioner of Finance" for the 
following amount: $160 per dwelling unit in the building. (The total dwelling unit count used to calculate the 
total fee for the building should match the certificate of occupancy, original certified letter from the Department 
of Buildings submitted with the application or HPD's record of the building configuration.

Inquiry Period: As used below, "inquiry period" means: 
• 
Three years before the date of the application if the property contains an SRO multiple dwelling, unless it is 
located in one of the five geographic areas described below (in which case the "inquiry period" as used in 
this application is the date specified for that geographic area); 
• 
September 5, 1973 if the property is located in the Special Clinton District; 
• 
June 21, 2004 if the property is located in the Special Hudson Yards District; 
• 
June 21, 2004 if the property is located in Preservation Area P-2 of the Special Garment Center District; 
• 
October 4, 2004 if the property is located in the Greenpoint-Williamsburg anti-harassment area; or 
• 
December 20, 2004 if the property is located in the Special West Chelsea District.

You must indicate if a building is BOTH an SRO AND located in one of the Special Zoning Districts by 
checking each applicable box in question 1 of the application. You must use the earliest inquiry period 
start date as the date from which to provide applicable information.

In conjunction with questions 8 and 9:

Required Documents: Please submit the following documents with your application. Please note that if any 
of the required documentation is missing, HPD may reject the application. 
•

•

o 
Original certified copies of all recorded deeds from the Department of Finance for current and prior 
owners who owned the property since the inquiry period start date. 
In conjunction with question 8, if the current title to the property is held by an entity, provide documentation 
in support:

• 
•

o 
Articles of Organization, operating agreement or LLC resolution, as well as the NYS filing receipt for 
the entity and a Certificate of Good standing. 
Copy of your permit application to the Department of Buildings ("DOB") (if one was submitted) . 
Original certified copy of the Certificate of Occupancy, if one exists .

•

o 
If no Certificate of Occupancy exists, attach an original certified letter from the DOB stating that the 
building does not have one. 
Original documentation of mortgages and any net leases for the subject property during the inquiry period .

0 Printed on paper containing 30% post-consumer material.

=== page 512 ===
Case 25-11853-KBO    Doc 396-2    Filed 03/31/26    Page 512 of 551

• 
Supporting documentation of any criminal convictions and proceedings (see question 17). 
• 
HPD, at its discretion, may require a copy of the architectural plans. 
• 
Rent registrations filed with HCR within the inquiry period.

Submission Method: Submit the application and fee by mail (regular, certified, or registered), private courier, 
or hand delivery. Hand deliveries are only accepted Monday through Friday from 9 a.m. to 11 a.m.

Submission Location: Submit the application and fee to Anti-Harassment Unit, Department of Housing 
Preservation and Development, 100 Gold Street, Room 62 New York, NY 10038, Attention: Rhonda Waldon.

Inquiries: Direct all inquiries regarding this application to: (212) 863-8266.

Additional Pages: If the answer to any question in this application requires additional space, please add 
pages to ttie application as necessary. For each such page, (i) clearly indicate the number of the question to 
which it pertains at the top of the page, and (ii) insert the page into the application immediately following that 
question.

Obligation to Update: If any information stated in the application changes at any time before HPD makes a 
final determination regarding whether harassment occurred, the applicant must promptly update the application 
with such new information and submit it to HPD. If the new information includes a change of ownership or any 
other facts that make the original applicant ineligible to submit the application, HPD may require that the 
amended application be executed by an eligible individual.

Withdrawal: An application may not be withdrawn after HPD issues either (i) an initial determination that there 
is reasonable cause to believe that harassment occurred, or (ii) a final determination that harassment occurred.

(') Printed on paper containing 30% post-consumer material.

=== page 513 ===
Case 25-11853-KBO    Doc 396-2    Filed 03/31/26    Page 513 of 551

Application for a Certification of No Harassment 
Rev. Dec 2018

Obligation to Update: If any information stated in the application changes at any time before HPD makes a 
final determination regarding whether harassment occurred, the applicant must promptly update the application 
with such new information and submit it to HPD. If the new information includes a change in ownership or other 
facts that renders the original applicant ineligible to submit the Application, a new Application, including a new 
signature page executed by an eligible individual, and all supporting documentation must be submitted to HPD-
in such an event, no new processing fee will be collected.

1. 
Property: Identify the property that is the subject of this application ("property").

Borough: 
D Manhattan 
D Brooklyn 
o Bronx 
D Queens 
D Staten Island

Block: ----
Lot: ---
HPD Registration ID: ____ _ 
BIN: _____ 
_

Street Address: -----------------------------

Check every box that applies (check both SRO and a Special Zoning District if applicable): 
D The property contains a Single Room Occupancy multiple dwelling. 
o The property is located in the Special Clinton District. 
D The property is located in the Special Hudson Yards District. · 
o The property is located in Preservation Area P-2 of the Special Garment Center District. 
o The property is located in the Greenpoint-Williamsburg anti-harassment area. 
o The property is located in the Special West Chelsea District.

2. 
Building Configuration: Attach either an original certified copy of the certificate of occupancy or 
original certified letter from the Department of Buildings stating that the building does not have a

rt"fi 
t 
f 
D 
"b th I 
I 
d 
t 
I 
fj 
r 
f th b "Id' 
below. 
ce 11ca e o occupancy. 
escn e 
e ega an ac ua con 1gura 10n o 
e 
UI 
mq 
Legal Configuration -
Actual Configuration -
Type of Unit 
Number of Units 
Number of Units

Apartment Dwelling Units

SRO Dwelling Units

Total Dwelling Units

Commercial Units

What is the basis of the legal configuration described above?

□ 
Certificate of Occupancy (must attach if this is the basis of the legal configuration)

□ 
Original certified letter from the Department of Buildings

3. 
Building Occupancy: Is the building currently vacant?

□ 
Yes (How long has the building been vacant?) ________________ _

□ 
No (Describe the current occupancy below).

Type of Unit 
Occupied 
Vacant 
Total

Apartment Dwelling Units

SRO Dwelling Units

Total Dwelling Units

. . 
\..J Pnnted on paper contallllllg 30% post-conswner matenal.

Commercial Units 
-

=== page 514 ===
Case 25-11853-KBO    Doc 396-2    Filed 03/31/26    Page 514 of 551

Application for a Certification of No Harassment 
Rev. Dec 2018

6. 
Reason For Application: Briefly describe the reason for this application (e.g., the alteration or 
demolition work to be performed at the property).

A. Have any applications for permits been filed with the Department of Buildings for work at the

property which would require a certification of no harassment?

□ No 
(Even if no such applications for permits have been filed with the Department of 
Buildings, HPO may request copies of architectural plans).

□ Yes 
(Attach a copy of each such application, stamped by the Department of Buildings, and all

attachments thereto).

B. Is any construction work currently in progress?

o No.

□ Yes (Provide details below).

() Printed on paper containing 30% post-conswner material. 
3

=== page 515 ===
Case 25-11853-KBO    Doc 396-2    Filed 03/31/26    Page 515 of 551

Application for a Certification of No Harassment 
Rev. Dec 2018

4. 
Applicant(s): Identify the applicant(s). An applicant must be a natural person, not an entity. If the 
building is owned by more than one deed owner, all the owners need to be named as applicants or a 
notarized letter signed by each additional deed owner has to be submitted authorizing the applicant to 
file the application for certificate of no harassment on behalf of that owner. If the application is filed by a 
Net Lessee, the deed owner has to provide a notarized letter signed by the deed owner authorizing the 
Net Lessee to file the application for certificate of no harassment on behalf of that owner. In case of a 
multiple dwelling owned by an entity, the letter has to describe the corporate relationship of the person 
signing the letter on behalf of the entity.

Name (1) ___________ _ 
Name (2) ____________ _

Social Security Number: __ / __ / __ _ 
Social Security Number: __ 
· / __ / __ _

Date of Birth: __ 
/ __ / __ _ 
Date of Birth: __ 
/ __ / __

Mailing Address: _ __________ ______ ______ _______ _

Business Telephone Number: ------
Mobile Telephone Number: --------

Email Address: 
Fax Number: --- ------- ---

Relationship to the property (attach documentation): _________ _ _ ______ _

Deed Owner: -
- --- ------ ---- ----------- -----
-

Deed Owner Addr~ss: --- -------------- ------- - - ---

5. 
Access Authorizer: Does the applicant identified in response to Question 4 have legal authority to 
authorize the Department of Housing Preservation and Development ("HPD") to enter all common 
areas of the property? 
o 
Yes. 
o 
No (Identify the person who will sign this application to authorize such access below).

The Access Authorizer listed shall be an individual natural person who either has legal possession of all 
common areas of the building, or is authorized to sign on behalf of and bind the persons or entities who 
have legal possession of all common areas of the building.

Name: ---- ---------- ------- -------------

Social Security Number: ___ / __ / ___ _ 
Date of Birth: __ / __ / __ 
_

Mailing Address: --- ---- --- ---- --- --- --- ----
-
- --

Business Telephone Number: _____ _ 
Mobile Telephone Number:

Email Address: ___ ___ ___ _ _ 
Fax Number:

Relationship to the property: ____ _ ____________ _

() Printed on paper containing 30% post-consumer material. 
2

=== page 516 ===
Case 25-11853-KBO    Doc 396-2    Filed 03/31/26    Page 516 of 551

Application for a Certification of No Harassment 
Rev. Dec 2018

7.

Prior Applications For The Property: Has anyone ever submitted an application for a certification of 
no harassment (or an exemption or waiver from the requirement for a certification of no harassment) to 
H PD with respect to the property? 
D 
No.

□ 
Yes (Indicate the date of the application, whether HPD granted or denied the certification of no 
harassment, and any other relevant details).

Date of the 
Granted, Denied, 
Application 
Applicant 
Withdrawn 
Other Relevant Detail

8.

Current Ownership 
A. Current Owners: List each current holder of title to the property including individual owners, joint

owners an d 
t 
rt 
corpora e en , ty: 
Name 
Date of Birth 
SSN or EIN 
Address

0 Printed on paper containing 30% post-consumer material. 
4

=== page 517 ===
Case 25-11853-KBO    Doc 396-2    Filed 03/31/26    Page 517 of 551

Application for a Certification of No Harassment 
Rev. Dec 2018

B. Current Principals and Officers: If title to the property is held by an entity rather than by a

person, list (i) every director, general partner, managing partner, or managing member of such 
entity, (ii) every officer of such entity, (iii) every other person authorized to sign for and bind such 
entity, and (iv) every person or entity holding a 10% or more economic interest in such entity. 
Provide an opinion of counsel letter which authorizes the individual to file the application. An 
opinion of counsel letter is a letter by an attorney stating that the person signing the application for 
the corporation, partnership or limited liability corporation, is entitled to file and act on behalf of the 
entity and to make all of the representations and commitments therein. You must also provide 
the supporting documentation as listed in the Instructions to support the below.

Relationship 
Address and 
Name 
Date of Birth 
SSN 
to Owner 
Telephone Number

0 Printed on paper containing 30% post-consumer material. 
5

=== page 518 ===
Case 25-11853-KBO    Doc 396-2    Filed 03/31/26    Page 518 of 551

Application for a Certification of No Harassment 
Rev. Dec 2018

C. Current Management: List each person who served as a managing· agent, a superintendent,

collected rents, supervised or ordered repairs, or exercised any other discretion in the management

f 
d 
h 
h' 
o the property un er t e current owners 10.

Name and Address 
Employer and Role 
Period of Service

9. 
Prior Ownership 
A. Prior Owners: Have you been the owner for the entire inquiry period?

□ Yes

□ No (Complete the appropriate sections below).

List each prior holder of title to the property including individual owners, joint owners and corporate 
owners:

Name 
Period of 
Tax ID (if corporate 
Ownership 
entity)

0 Printed on paper containing 30% post-consumer material. 
6

=== page 519 ===
Case 25-11853-KBO    Doc 396-2    Filed 03/31/26    Page 519 of 551

Application for a Certification of No Harassment 
Rev. Dec 2018

B. Principals and Officers Of Prior Owners: If title to the property was previously held by an entity

rather than a person at any time since the referral date, list (i) every director, general partner, 
managing partner, or managing member of such entity, (ii) every officer of such entity, (iii) every 
other person authorized to sign for and bind such entity, and (iv) every person or entity holding a 
10% or more economic interest in-such entity.

Period of 
Relationship 
Telephone 
Name 
Ownership 
to Owner 
Address 
Number

() Printed on paper containing 30% post-consumer material. 
7

=== page 520 ===
Case 25-11853-KBO    Doc 396-2    Filed 03/31/26    Page 520 of 551

Application for a Certification of No Harassment 
Rev. Dec 2018

C. Management - Prior Ownership: List each person who served as a managing agent, a

superintendent, collected rents, supervised or ordered repairs, or exercised any other discretion in 
the management of the property from the referral date under a prior owner.

Name and Address 
Employer and Role 
Period of Service

10. 
Criminal Convictions And Proceedings: Have any of the persons or entities listed above in items 4-
9 ever been convicted of a crime, or is any such person or entity currently a defendant in a pending 
criminal proceeding? 
D 
No.

□ 
Yes (Provide details below). 
Name 
Court 
Docket Number 
Case Name 
Disposition

0 Printed on paper containing 30% post-conswner material. 
8

=== page 521 ===
Case 25-11853-KBO    Doc 396-2    Filed 03/31/26    Page 521 of 551

Application for a Certification of No Harassment 
Rev. Dec 2018

11. 
Prior Applications By Or On Behalf Of The Owner Or Applicant: Has the owner, the applicant, or 
any other representative acting on behalf of the owner ever previously applied for a certification of no 
harassment for any property other than the subject property?

D 
No. 
D 
Yes (Indicate each property for which the applicant sought a certification of no harassment and 
the disposition of each such application).

Borough 
Block 
Lot 
Address 
Reaistration ID

12.

Occuoants: List all current residential and commercial occupants of the property. 
Name 
Unit/ 
Initial 
Phone 
Monthly 
Rent 
Current 
Floor 
Occupancy 
Number 
Rent 
Stabilized 
Lease 
No. 
Date 
(YIN} 
(Y/N)

() Printed on paper containing 30% post-consumer material. 
9

=== page 522 ===
Case 25-11853-KBO    Doc 396-2    Filed 03/31/26    Page 522 of 551

Application for a Certification of No Harassment

Rev. Dec 2018

12. 
0 ccuoan s 
on mue 
t C 
f 
d 
Name

Unit/ 
Floor 
No.

Initial 
Phone 
Occupancy 
Number 
Date

Monthly 
Rent 
Current 
Rent 
Stabilized 
Lease 
(Y/N) 
CY/N)

If needed, please add additional pages. 
Additional pages added?

YES

NO

0 Printed on paper containing 30% post-<:onswner material.

10

=== page 523 ===
Case 25-11853-KBO    Doc 396-2    Filed 03/31/26    Page 523 of 551

Application for a Certification of No Harassment 
Rev. Dec 2018

13. 
Former Occupants: List each former occupant who vacated a dwelling unit or rooming unit at the 
property after the referral date, whether through eviction, relocation, surrender of occupancy rights, or 
any other means. If such occupant was relocated, please provide a copy of any agreement with 
respect to the surrender of occupancy rights, if one exists, and any other relevant details.

Move Out 
Reason For 
Date 
Moving Out

Name Of 
Unit 
Initial 
Occupant 
Occupancy 
Date

Current Address 
Last 
And 
Monthly 
Phone Number 
Rent

'

If needed, please add additional pages. 
Additional pages added?

YES

NO

() Printed on paper containing 30% post...:onsumer material.

11

=== page 524 ===
Case 25-11853-KBO    Doc 396-2    Filed 03/31/26    Page 524 of 551

Application for a Certification of No Harassment 
Rev. Dec 2018

14. 
Relocation: Will any occupants be relocated or displaced as a result of the alteration or demolition 
work to be performed at the property? 
D 
No.

□ 
Yes (Provide details below).

Monthly 
Name 
Unit 
Rent

Reason For Relocation 
Phone 
Relocated to 
or Displacement 
Number 
What Location

If needed, please add additional pages. 
Additional pages added?

YES 
NO

15. 
Has the building been registered annually with New York State Homes and Community Renewal (HCR) 
during the inquiry period? 
D 
No.

□ 
Yes (Provide all rent registrations for each unit filed within the inquiry period).

16. 
HCR Proceedings: During the inquiry period, have there been any harassment proceedings, decrease 
in service proceedings, or other proceedings with regard to the property before the New York State 
Homes and Community Renewal (HCR)? 
D 
No.

□ 
Yes (Provide details below and attach a copy of each complaint and final disposition, if anv).

Docket 
Nature of 
Attorneys for 
Disposition or 
Party Names 
Dates 
Number 
Proceeding 
Parties 
Current Status

0 Printed on paper containing 30% post-conswner material. 
12

=== page 525 ===
Case 25-11853-KBO    Doc 396-2    Filed 03/31/26    Page 525 of 551

Application for a Certification of No Harassment 
Rev. Dec 2018

17.

Other Administrative Proceedings: During the inquiry period, have there been any administrative 
proceedings with regard to the property before any governmental or quasi-governmental authority other 
than the New York State Homes and Community Renewal? 
D 
No. 
D 
Yes (Provide details below and attach a copy of each complaint and final disposition, if anv}.

Docket 
Nature of 
Attorneys for 
Disposition or 
Party Names 
Dates 
Number 
Proceeding 
Parties 
Current Status

18.

Litigation: During the inquiry period, has there been any litigation with respect to the property? 
D 
No. 
D 
Yes (Provide details below and attach a copy of each petition and final pisposition documents, if 
any).

Plaintiff/ 
Defendant/ 
Title and Type 
Index No. 
Petitioner's 
Respondent's 
of Action 
and Court Attorney 
Attorney 
Disposition or Current Status

0 Printed on paper containing 30% post-consumer material. 
13

=== page 526 ===
Case 25-11853-KBO    Doc 396-2    Filed 03/31/26    Page 526 of 551

Application for a Certification of No Harassment 
Rev. Dec 2018

19. 
Coercion: During the inquiry period, has any title holder or lessee, its agents, employees or other 
persons acting on its behalf used force, or threatened the use of force, against the person or property of 
any occupant of a dwelling unit at the property? 
D 
No. 
D 
Yes (Provide details).

20. 
Services: During the inquiry period, has any title holder or lessee, its agents, employees or other 
persons acting on its behalf interrupted or discontinued any services at the property, including, but not 
limited to, heat, hot water, cold water, electricity, gas, and elevator service? 
D 
No.

□ 
Yes {Provide details).

0 Printed on paper containing 30% post-consumer material. 
14

=== page 527 ===
Case 25-11853-KBO    Doc 396-2    Filed 03/31/26    Page 527 of 551

Application for a Certification of No Harassment 
Rev. Dec 2018

21. 
Vacate Orders: Has any governmental agency issued any vacate orders (full or partial) with respect to 
all or part of the property during the inquiry period or active if issued prior to the inquiry period?

l 
No. 
o 
Yes (Provide details below and attach certified copies of each vacate order).

Vacate Order Number: ------
Issuing Agency: 
D 
HPD

□ 
Department of Buildings

□ 
Fire Department

□ 
Department of Health and Mental Hygiene

□ 
Other (Identify): ___________________ _ 
Date Issued: _________________ _______ _ 
Date Lifted: ------------- -------------
Basis of Order: __________ ______________ _ 
Number of Occupants Displaced: ___ _ 
Number of Occupants Returned (who were displaced): _____ _ 
Describe any other relevant information:

Vacate Order Number: _ ____ _ 
Issuing Agency: 
D 
HPD

□ 
Department of Buildings

□ 
Fire Department

□ 
Department of Health and Mental Hygiene 
ti 
Other (Identify): ___________________ _ 
Date Issued: _____________________ ___ _ 
Date Lifted: _______________________ _ _ 
Basis of Order: ________________ ________ _ 
Number of Occupants Displaced: 
Number of Occupants Returned (who were displaced): _____ _ 
Describe any other relevant information:

0 Printed on paper containing 30% post-consumer material. 
15

=== page 528 ===
Case 25-11853-KBO    Doc 396-2    Filed 03/31/26    Page 528 of 551

Application for a Certification of No Harassment 
Rev. Dec 2018

22. 
Locks: During the inquiry period, has any title holder or lessee, its agents, employees or other persons 
acting on its behalf removed the possessions of an occupant from the dwelling unit, removed the door 
at the entrance to an occupied dwelling unit, removed, plugged, or otherwise rendered the lock on an 
entrance door inoperable, or changed the lock on an entrance door without supplying the occupant with 
a key? 
D 
No.

□ 
Yes (Provide details).

23. 
Other: Provide any other information relevant to this application.

0 Printed on paper containing 30% post-consumer material. 
16

=== page 529 ===
Case 25-11853-KBO    Doc 396-2    Filed 03/31/26    Page 529 of 551

Application for a Certification of No Harassment 
Rev. Dec 2018

Applicant Consent: The owner of the property hereby consents to permit HPD unfettered access to the 
property that is the subject of this application at all times and without prior notice. The purpose of such access 
is for the investigation of all facts relevant to this application from the date hereof until the date upon which 
HPD makes a final determination with respect to the grant or denial of the certification pursuant to the 
application of a Certification of No Harassment.

It is understood that the failure to provide such access when requested will prevent the processing of this 
application and, in the discretion of HPD, may result in the denial of the issuance of a Certification.

Further, it is understood that the application may be denied if it contains any false or misleading statements, or 
material omissions.

Further, it is understood that the applicant and/or undersigned must first obtain a Certification of No 
Harassment from HPD and all necessary permits from the DOB prior to commencing the work at the subject 
premises, which is the subject of this application.

I, the applicant, have read the within application and attest that its entire contents are true and complete.

Applicant's Signature (1} 
Applicant's Signature (2)

Print Name Above 
Print Name Above

Relationship to the Property 
Relationship to the Property

Corporate Entity Oesignee Signature 
Access Authorizer Signature

Print Name Above 
Print Name Above

Relationship to the Owner (title) 
Relationship to the Owner (title)

Sworn to this ___ day of 
_____ ,20_.

Notary

0 Printed on paper containing 30% post-consumer material. 
17

=== page 530 ===
Case 25-11853-KBO    Doc 396-2    Filed 03/31/26    Page 530 of 551

Exhibit G

Arbitration Procedures

(a) 
In such cases where this Agreement provides for the settlement of a dispute or 
question (each, a “Dispute”) by arbitration, such Dispute shall be resolved by final and binding arbitration.  
The arbitration shall be in accordance with the then prevailing Expedited Procedures of the Arbitration 
Rules for the Real Estate Industry of the American Arbitration Association (“AAA”) or the successor of 
said procedures, except that the procedures shall be modified as follows:

(i) 
There shall be three arbitrators.

(ii) 
The party commencing arbitration (the “First Party”) shall specify the 
name and address of the person to act as the arbitrator on the First Party’s behalf.

(iii) 
Within five (5) Business Days after the service of the demand for 
arbitration, the party receiving service of demand for arbitration from the First Party (the 
“Second Party”) shall give notice to the First Party specifying the name and address of the 
person designated by the Second Party to act as arbitrator on its behalf, which arbitrator shall 
be similarly qualified.

(iv) 
No arbitrator under this Exhibit B shall be an employee of or counsel to 
MSP or CSC (or of an Affiliate of MSP or CSC), and each arbitrator under this Exhibit B shall 
have at least twenty (20) years of experience in the County of New York, City and State of 
New York in commercial real estate.

(b) 
Within five (5) Business Days after the appointment of the arbitrator of the Second 
Party, the two party-appointed arbitrators so chosen shall appoint a third arbitrator, who shall be a 
competent and impartial person with qualifications satisfying those required of the first two arbitrators 
pursuant to Section (a) of this Exhibit B.  If they are unable to agree upon such appointment within five 
(5) Business Days after expiration of such five (5) Business Day period, the third arbitrator shall be 
selected by the parties themselves within five (5) Business Days after expiration of the foregoing five (5) 
Business Day period.

(c) 
If any arbitrator appointment is not made timely under this Exhibit B, then either 
party may request the appointment be made within five (5) Business Days by the AAA or its successor.  
Each party shall pay the fees and expenses of its respective arbitrator and both shall share equally the fees 
and expenses of the third arbitrator.  Attorneys’ fees and expenses of counsel and of witnesses for the 
respective parties shall be paid by the respective party engaging such counsel or calling such witnesses.

(d) 
In the event of a failure, refusal or inability of any arbitrator to act, his or her 
successor shall be appointed, within five (5) Business Days, by MSP or CSC in the case of the party-
appointed arbitrators, and jointly by the parties in the case of the third arbitrator.  If an appointment is not 
made timely pursuant to this Section (d) of this Exhibit B, the arbitrator shall be appointed, at the request 
of any party, within five (5) Business Days, by the AAA or its successor.

(e) 
Any award issued by the arbitrators shall be final and binding on the parties.  
Judgment on the award rendered by the arbitrators may be enforced and entered in any court having 
jurisdiction.

4866-0049-6406, v. 12

=== page 531 ===
Case 25-11853-KBO    Doc 396-2    Filed 03/31/26    Page 531 of 551

(f) 
By agreeing to arbitration, the parties do not intend to deprive any court of its 
jurisdiction under Section (g) of this Exhibit B to issue a pre-arbitral injunction, pre-arbitral attachment 
or other order in aid of the arbitration proceedings.  In the exercise of their authority to resolve the merits 
of any Dispute, the arbitral tribunal shall have full authority to grant provisional remedies or to order the 
parties to request that a court modify or vacate any temporary or preliminary relief issued by a court, and 
to award damages for the failure of any party to respect the arbitral tribunal’s orders.

(g) 
The parties irrevocably consent and agree that (i) any action brought to compel 
arbitration or in aid of arbitration in accordance with the terms of this Agreement, (ii) any action 
confirming and entering judgment upon any arbitration award, and (iii) any action for temporary 
injunctive relief to maintain the status quo or prevent irreparable harm, may be brought in the courts of 
the State of New York in New York County or the United States District Court for the Southern District 
of New York and for that purpose each of the parties hereby expressly and irrevocably submits itself to 
the jurisdiction of such courts.  Each party irrevocably waives any objection to venue or jurisdiction on 
its person or assets, including any objection to the laying of venue or based on the grounds of forum non 
conveniens or any right of objection to jurisdiction on account of its place of incorporation or domicile.

4866-0049-6406, v. 12

=== page 532 ===
Case 25-11853-KBO    Doc 396-2    Filed 03/31/26    Page 532 of 551

Exhibit H

Form of Enhanced Severance Escrow Agreement

(Attached hereto)

4866-0049-6406, v. 12

=== page 533 ===
Case 25-11853-KBO    Doc 396-2    Filed 03/31/26    Page 533 of 551

ENHANCED SEVERANCE ESCROW AGREEMENT

This ENHANCED SEVERANCE ESCROW AGREEMENT (this “Agreement”), is dated the 
_____ day of May, 2022 (the “Effective Date”), and is by and among, HUDSON 1701/1706, LLC, a 
Delaware limited liability company, having an address at c/o CSC Co-Living 6 St. Johns Lane, New 
York, New York 10013 (“Tenant 1701/1706”), HUDSON 1702, LLC, a Delaware limited liability 
company, having an address at c/o CSC Co-Living 6 St. Johns Lane, New York, New York 10013 
(“Tenant 1702”; and together with Tenant 1701/1706, collectively and jointly and severally, “Tenant”), 
356W58 GROUND LESSOR LLC, a Delaware limited liability company, having an address at c/o MSP 
Capital Investments, L.L.C., Woodlawn Hall at Old Parkland, 3953 Maple Ave., Suite 350, Dallas, Texas 
75219 (“Landlord”), PARKVIEW FINANCIAL REIT, LP, a Delaware limited partnership, having an 
address at c/o 11601 Wilshire Boulevard, Suite 2100, Los Angeles, California 90025 (“Lender”) and 
FIRST AMERICAN TITLE INSURANCE COMPANY, having an office at 666 Third Avenue, New 
York, New York 10017 (“Escrow Agent”).

W I T N E S S E T H:

WHEREAS, simultaneously with the Effective Date, (i) Landlord and Tenant are entering into 
that certain Ground Lease (as the same may be amended, restated, and/or supplemented from time to 
time, the “Ground Lease”), with respect to the EBC Unit and the Modified Hotel Unit of that certain 353 
West 57th Street Condominium (the “Condominium”), established pursuant to that certain Amended and 
Restated Declaration pursuant to Article 9-B of the Real Leased Premises Law of the State of New York, 
dated February 12, 1999, and recorded on July 16, 1999, in Reel 2913 Page 1753, as amended by that 
certain Amendment to Amended and Restated Declaration, dated September 30, 1999, and recorded on 
October 27, 1999, in Reel 2979 Page 2159 (, as the same may be amended, restated, and/or supplemented 
by from time to time, the “Condominium Declaration”), located at 353-361 West 57th Street, New York, 
New York (collectively, the “Ground Leased Premises”), (ii) Landlord, as sublandlord, and Tenant 
1701/1706, as subtenant, are entering into that certain Sublease (as the same may be amended, restated, 
and/or supplemented from time to time, the “Sublease”; and together with the Ground Lease, collectively, 
the “Lease”) with respect to the 10th Floor Unit of the Condominium (the “Subleased Premises”; and 
together with the Ground Leased Premises, collectively, the “Leased Premises”), and (iii) Tenant is 
obtaining a leasehold construction loan in the aggregate original principal amount of up to $207,000,000 
(the “Loan”) from Lender, which Loan is secured by one or more leasehold mortgages on Tenant’s 
leasehold and subleasehold interest in the Leased Premises, as further set forth in the documents, 
instruments and agreements governing the Loan (collectively, the “Loan Documents”); and

WHEREAS, pursuant to the Lease, Tenant is responsible for performing all obligations under the 
that certain Memorandum of Agreement, dated March 8, 2022, by and among CSC Hudson, LLC (“CSC 
Hudson”), as purchaser or employer, and EC 58th Street LLC, a Delaware limited liability company, as 
seller party, and the New York Hotel and Motel Trades Council, AFL-CIO (the “Hotel Union”), as 
assumed by Tenant and Landlord pursuant to that certain Assumption Agreement, made as of the 
Effective Date, by and among Landlord, Tenant, CSC Hudson, 353W57 1704, LLC, a Delaware limited 
liability company, and the Hotel Union (as may be further amended, restated, supplemented or otherwise 
modified from time to time, the “Union MOA”), including, without limitation, the payment of certain 
enhanced severance (collectively, the “Enhanced Severance”) to the employees of the Hudson Hotel 
described on Attachment A of the Union MOA (the “Hotel Employees”), previously operated at the 
Leased Premises;

4875-5896-2974, v. 7

=== page 534 ===
Case 25-11853-KBO    Doc 396-2    Filed 03/31/26    Page 534 of 551

WHEREAS, as set forth in the Union MOA, as a condition to any Hotel Employee receiving 
Enhanced Severance, such Hotel Employee must execute a general release to the Tenant in the form 
approved by the Hotel Union (each, a “Release”);

WHEREAS, (i) Jackson Lewis, P.C. (“Labor Counsel”) has been engaged by Tenant to 
coordinate with the Hotel Union with respect to collecting the Releases from each Hotel Employee and 
otherwise advise with regards to administering Tenant’s obligations under the Union MOA and (ii) 
following the Effective Date, Tenant shall appoint a payroll provider (the “Payroll Provider”) in 
accordance with Paragraph 7 of this Agreement to administer payment to each Hotel Employee of their 
applicable Enhanced Severance less usual statutory deductions due in respect of such Enhanced 
Severance (any such deductions, a “Tax Withholding”);

WHEREAS, in furtherance of Tenant’s obligations to pay the Enhanced Severance to Hotel 
Employees pursuant to the Union MOA, Lender is hereby advancing $34,228,632.15 (the “Escrow 
Funds”) of the Loan to Tenant, which amount shall be deposited with Escrow Agent on the Effective Date 
and held and disbursed by Escrow Agent in accordance with the terms and conditions of this Agreement.

NOW, THEREFORE, in consideration of these premises, and other good and valuable 
consideration, the receipt and sufficiency of which is hereby acknowledged, Landlord, Tenant, Lender 
and Escrow Agent agree as follows:

1.
Recitals Incorporated; Defined Terms.  The recitals set forth hereinabove in this
Agreement are hereby incorporated into this Agreement as if fully set forth herein.  Capitalized terms 
used herein, and not otherwise defined herein, shall have the meanings ascribed to such terms in the 
Union MOA, a true, correct and complete copy of which is attached hereto as Exhibit A.

2.
Escrow Amount.  Tenant agrees that, on the Effective Date, the Escrow Funds, in the
amount of $34,228,632.15, shall be deposited by Escrow Agent into an interest bearing account with 
Escrow Agent (the “Enhanced Severance Escrow”) out of the proceeds of the Loan, which funds shall be 
held in accordance with this Agreement. Any interest earned on the Enhanced Severance Escrow shall be 
earned and distributable to Tenant.  Tenant shall deliver a W9 to Escrow Agent simultaneously with the 
execution of this Agreement.

3.
Appointment of Escrow Agent.   Landlord, Tenant and Lender hereby appoint Escrow
Agent as escrow agent pursuant to the terms of this Agreement and Escrow Agent hereby accepts said 
appointment pursuant to the express terms, conditions, and provisions of this Agreement and agrees to act 
in accordance with such terms, conditions and provisions of this Agreement with respect to the Enhanced 
Severance Escrow. Escrow Agent’s fee for administering the Enhanced Severance Escrow is $500, to be 
paid by Tenant upon execution of this Agreement.

4.
Term.

(a) 
The obligations of Escrow Agent under this Agreement shall terminate on the 
earliest to occur of: (a) complete disbursement of the Enhanced Severance Escrow pursuant to Paragraph 
5 hereof, or (b) December 31, 2023 (the “Termination Date”), in which case all funds remaining in the 
Enhanced Severance Escrow shall be distributed to Tenant or Landlord in accordance with Section 4(b).

(b) 
If, as of the Termination Date, any Escrow Funds have not been disbursed in 
accordance with Paragraph 4 and, therefore, remain in Escrow Agent’s possession, such remaining 
escrow Funds (the “Remaining Funds”) shall be disbursed to Tenant in accordance with the instructions 
provided by Tenant at least two (2) business days prior to the Termination Date; provided, however, in

4875-5896-2974, v. 7

=== page 535 ===
Case 25-11853-KBO    Doc 396-2    Filed 03/31/26    Page 535 of 551

the event that Landlord has notified Escrow Agent in writing that an event of default has occurred under 
the Lease on or prior to the Termination Date, such Remaining Funds shall be disbursed to Landlord in 
accordance with the instructions provided by Landlord. In furtherance of the foregoing, Landlord and 
Tenant hereby agree as follows:

(i) 
Tenant shall hold the Remaining Funds in a segregated, interest bearing 
Eligible Account (as defined in the Ground Lease) held by an Eligible Institution (as 
defined in the Ground Lease), which Eligible Account shall be jointly controlled by 
Landlord and Tenant (except upon the occurrence of an event of default under the Lease, 
at which point, such Eligible Account shall be controlled solely by Landlord);

(ii) 
Tenant shall not withdraw any of the Remaining Funds except to satisfy 
any Enhanced Severance obligation in accordance with the Union MOA, which 
withdrawal shall be subject to the receipt of a Release, as further set forth in Paragraph 5 
hereof (it being agreed that any withdrawal of Remaining Funds for any other purpose 
shall be an immediate Event of Default under the Ground Lease);

(iii) 
Such Eligible Account shall be transferrable to any assignee permitted 
pursuant to the Lease or any Successor Tenant (as defined in the Ground Lease) of the 
Lease and, as a condition to any such assignee or Successor Tenant succeeding to 
Tenant’s interests under the Lease, Tenant shall transfer possession of such Eligible 
Account to the applicable assignee or Successor Tenant; and

(iv) 
Except in connection with any permitted assignment of the Lease to a 
Qualified Transferee (as defined in the Ground Lease) or Successor Tenant pursuant to its 
terms, Tenant shall not assign or encumber, or attempt to assign or encumber, the 
Remaining Funds or the Eligible Account in which such Remaining Funds are deposited, 
and neither Landlord nor its successors or assigns shall be bound by any such actual or 
attempted assignment or encumbrance.

(c) 
Upon the termination of this Agreement, in accordance with this Paragraph 4, 
Escrow Agent shall be relieved from all duties, obligations, liabilities and responsibilities hereunder other 
than those that accrued prior to such termination.

5.
Disbursement of Enhanced Severance Escrow.

(a) 
The Enhanced Severance Escrow shall be disbursed as follows:

(i) 
 Tenant shall coordinate with Labor Counsel and the Hotel Union to 
obtain a Release from each Hotel Employee and, as to the Enhanced Severance due to any Hotel 
Employee who has delivered a Release in accordance with the Union MOA, direct disbursement 
of such Enhanced Severance pursuant to a notice (the “Disbursement Notice”) in the form 
attached hereto as Exhibit B. Pursuant to the Disbursement Notice, Tenant shall direct (i) Escrow 
Agent to disburse to Payroll Provider Escrow Funds in the aggregate amount of Enhanced 
Severance for all Hotel Employees for whom a Release has been obtained and (ii) Payroll 
Provider to disburse such Escrow Funds, upon receipt, in the amounts set forth on Schedule 1 
(less any applicable Tax Withholding) to the applicable Hotel Employees. Each Disbursement 
Notice may include direction as to one or more Enhanced Severance payments to one or more 
Hotel Employees who have provided the applicable Release.

4875-5896-2974, v. 7

=== page 536 ===
Case 25-11853-KBO    Doc 396-2    Filed 03/31/26    Page 536 of 551

(ii) 
Within two (2) business days of receipt of a Disbursement Notice, 
Escrow Agent shall disburse the amount of Escrow Funds identified in the Disbursement Notice 
to Payroll Provider at the wiring instructions set forth in the Disbursement Notice.

(iii) 
Upon receipt of such Escrow Funds, Payroll Provider shall (i) calculate 
the applicable Tax Withholding on each such Enhanced Severance payment, (ii) disburse such 
Escrow Funds in the amounts and to the applicable Hotel Employees identified in the 
Disbursement Notice, which amounts and Hotel Employees are set forth on Schedule 1, in each 
case, less any Tax Withholding, and (iii) pay any Tax Withholding to the applicable 
governmental authorities to which such Tax Withholding is due.

(iv) 
Within one (1) business day of the disbursement of any portion of the 
Escrow Funds in accordance with this Section 5, Escrow Agent shall notify Landlord and Lender 
of such disbursement and the remaining Escrow Funds on deposit with Escrow Agent.  
Notwithstanding anything contained herein to the contrary such notice may be sent via email 
only.

(b) 
   Tenant hereby acknowledges and agrees that delivery of a Disbursement Notice 
to Escrow Agent shall constitute a representation and warranty from Tenant to Landlord that (i) Tenant 
has received an executed Release from the applicable Hotel Employee identified in the Disbursement 
Notice in the form approved by the Hotel Union, and (ii) seven (7) calendar days have elapsed from the 
date such Release was executed by the Hotel Employee.

(c) 
In addition, notwithstanding any default or event of default by Tenant under the 
Lease or the Loan Documents, (i) Tenant is hereby directed by Landlord and Lender to continue to obtain 
such Releases and send Disbursement Notices as to any Enhanced Severance due from Tenant in 
accordance with the Union MOA and any applicable Release and (ii) Escrow Agent is hereby directed to 
comply with any Disbursement Notice delivered by Tenant in accordance with this Agreement and (iii) 
Escrow Agent is directed to ignore any objection to a Disbursement Notice.

(d) 
If requested by Landlord, Tenant shall deliver to Landlord a true, correct and 
complete copy of any Release obtained with respect to any Hotel Employee.

6. 
Terms of Escrow. The following terms and conditions shall also apply to the Enhanced 
Severance Escrow:

(a) 
The Enhanced Severance Escrow shall be invested by Escrow Agent in an FDIC-
insured, interest-bearing bank account.

(b) 
It is agreed by and among Landlord, Tenant, Lender and Escrow Agent that:

(i) 
the duties of Escrow Agent are only as herein specifically provided and 
are purely ministerial in nature, and Escrow Agent shall incur no liability whatever except for willful 
misconduct (including, without limitation, willful disregard of the terms of this Agreement) or gross 
negligence, as long as Escrow Agent has acted in good faith;

(ii) 
in the performance of its duties hereunder, Escrow Agent shall be 
entitled to rely upon any document, instrument or signature believed by it to be genuine and signed by 
Landlord, Tenant, Lender or their respective successors;

4875-5896-2974, v. 7

=== page 537 ===
Case 25-11853-KBO    Doc 396-2    Filed 03/31/26    Page 537 of 551

(iii) 
Escrow Agent may assume that any person on behalf of Landlord, 
Tenant, or Lender purporting to give any notice of instructions in accordance with the provisions hereof 
has been duly authorized to do so;

(iv) 
Escrow Agent shall not be bound by any modification, cancellation or 
rescission of this Agreement unless in writing and signed by it, the Landlord, Tenant and Lender;

(v) 
Tenant shall jointly and severally reimburse and indemnify Escrow 
Agent for, and hold it harmless against, any and all loss, liability, costs or expenses in connection 
herewith, including reasonable attorneys’ fees and disbursements, incurred without willful misconduct 
(including, without limitation, willful disregard of the terms of this Agreement) or gross negligence on the 
part of Escrow Agent arising out of or in connection with its acceptance of, or the performance of its 
duties and obligations under, this Agreement, as well as the reasonable costs and expenses of defending 
against any claim or liability arising out of or relating to this Agreement; and

(vi) 
Tenant, Landlord and Lender each hereby release Escrow Agent from 
any act done or omitted to be done by Escrow Agent without gross negligence or willful misconduct 
(including, without limitation, willful disregard of the terms of this Agreement) in the performance of its 
duties hereunder.

(c) 
Escrow Agent is acting as a stake-holder only with respect to the Enhanced 
Severance Escrow. Upon making delivery of all of the Enhanced Severance Escrow in the manner 
provided in this Agreement, Escrow Agent shall have no further liability hereunder, except from any 
claims arising out of the gross negligence or willful misconduct (including, without limitation, willful 
disregard of the terms of this Agreement) by Escrow Agent in the performance of its duties hereunder.

(d) 
By execution of this Agreement, Escrow Agent hereby acknowledges and agrees 
that notwithstanding anything to the contrary contained in this Agreement, Escrow Agent shall not take 
any action whatsoever with respect to the Enhanced Severance Escrow unless (i) Escrow Agent is 
directed to take such action by Tenant pursuant to a Disbursement Notice, (ii) Escrow Agent is directed to 
disburse the Remaining Funds on the Termination Date in accordance with Paragraph 4 hereof, or (iii) 
Escrow Agent is directed to take such action by a court of competent jurisdiction by order that is not 
subject to appeal.

(e) 
In the event that Escrow Agent incurs any costs or expenses hereunder, 
including, without limitation, costs of Escrow Agent, then Escrow Agent shall be entitled to 
reimbursement for such costs from Tenant within thirty (30) days after receipt of demand from Escrow 
Agent (provided that Escrow Agent shall provide Tenant copies of bills, invoices, receipts or other 
documentation that evidences the reimbursement amount).

7. 
Payroll Provider.

(a) 
Within ten (10) business days following the Effective Date, Tenant shall select a 
Payroll Provider, which Payroll Provider shall be reasonably acceptable to Landlord pursuant to a payroll 
agreement or similar engagement letter in form and substance reasonably satisfactory to Landlord. Once 
approved by Landlord, Landlord shall deliver written notice of such approval to Escrow Agent and 
Tenant and Tenant shall, within ten (10) business days thereafter, cause such Payroll Provider to (i) 
execute and deliver a counterpart signature page to this Agreement, and (ii) deliver notice to each of the 
parties hereto identifying such Payroll Provider’s notice address for all future notices and providing 
wiring instructions to be included as Schedule A to the form of Disbursement Notice. Tenant’s failure to 
select an acceptable Payroll Provider and deliver such Payroll Provider’s counterpart signature page to

4875-5896-2974, v. 7

=== page 538 ===
Case 25-11853-KBO    Doc 396-2    Filed 03/31/26    Page 538 of 551

this Agreement within thirty (30) days following receipt of written notice of such default by Landlord, 
may, at Landlord’s option, constitute an event of default under the Lease.

(b) 
Landlord hereby acknowledges and agrees that Tenant (i) is currently in 
discussions with Newmark Knight Frank, which prior to the Effective Date, handled payroll for the Hotel 
Employees at the Leased Premises and (ii) if selected by Tenant as the Payroll Provider, Newmark Knight 
Frank shall be acceptable to Landlord, subject to Landlord’s review and approval of the applicable payroll 
agreement or engagement letter (not to be unreasonably withheld, conditioned or delayed).

(c) 
In no event shall Tenant deliver a Disbursement Notice (or Escrow Agent be 
obligated to disburse in accordance with any such Disbursement Notice) prior to the appointment of a 
Payroll Provider and such Payroll Provider’s delivery of a counterpart signature page to this Agreement in 
accordance with Paragraph 7(a) hereof.

8. 
All notices or other communications required or permitted to be given pursuant to this 
Agreement shall be in writing and shall be considered as properly given or made (i) upon the date of 
personal delivery (if notice is delivered by personal delivery), (ii) on the date of delivery (if notice is 
delivered by email transmission), provided that (A) any such email transmittal occurs prior to 4:00 P.M. 
(New York time) and (B) a copy of such email notice must also be sent concurrently to the recipient via 
either delivery method set forth in clause (i) or clause (iii) in order for such email notice to be deemed 
delivered, (iii) on the day one (1) business day after deposit with a nationally recognized overnight 
courier service (if notice is delivered by nationally recognized overnight courier service), or (iv) on the 
third (3rd) business day following mailing from within the United States by first class United States mail, 
postage prepaid, certified mail return receipt requested (if notice is given in such manner), and in any case 
addressed to the parties at the addresses set forth below:

If to Landlord: 
 
356W58 GROUND LESSOR LLC 
c/o MSP Capital Investments, L.L.C. 
Woodlawn Hall at Old Parkland 
3953 Maple Ave., Suite 350 
Dallas, Texas 75219 
Attn: Luke Pak 
Telephone: 214-545-5576 
E-mail:  pak@mspcm.com  
 
With a copy to:  
 
356W58 GROUND LESSOR LLC 
c/o MSP Capital Investments, L.L.C. 
Woodlawn Hall at Old Parkland 
3953 Maple Ave., Suite 350 
Dallas, Texas 75219 
Attn: Max Lamont 
Telephone: 214-545-5577 
E-mail:  lamont@mspcm.com  
 
And with a copy to: 
 
 
Duval & Stachenfeld LLP

4875-5896-2974, v. 7

=== page 539 ===
Case 25-11853-KBO    Doc 396-2    Filed 03/31/26    Page 539 of 551

555 Madison Avenue, 6th Floor 
New York, NY 10022 
Attention: Danielle Ash, Esq.  & File Manager 
File No. 4308.0014 
Email: Dash@dsllp.com  
 
If to Tenant: 
 
 
 
HUDSON 1701/1706, LLC and 
HUDSON 1702, LLC 
c/o CSC Co-Living 
6 St. Johns Lane 
New York, New York 10013 
Attention: Saloman Smeke Saba and Alberto Smeke Saba 
Email: ss@csc-coliving.com ;  
as@csc-coliving.com  
 
With a copy to:  
 
Cole Schotz P.C. 
1325 Avenue of the Americas, 19th Floor 
New York, New York 10019 
Attn: Jordan J. Metzger, Esq. 
E-mail: jmetzger@coleschotz.com 
 
If to Lender: 
 
Parkview Financial REIT, LP 
11601 Wilshire Boulevard, Suite 2100 
Los Angeles, California 90025 
Attention: Paul S. Rahimian

If to Escrow Agent: 
 
First American Title Insurance Company 
666 Third Avenue 
New York, NY 10017 
Attention:  Matt Clay 
Email: mclay@firstam.com 
Tel:  917-710-2174 
Reference Number: 1118978  
 
With a copy to: 
 
First American Title Insurance Company 
666 Third Avenue 
New York, NY 10017 
Attention:  Andrew Jaeger 
Email: ajaeger@firstam.com 
Tel:  212-551-9433

4875-5896-2974, v. 7

=== page 540 ===
Case 25-11853-KBO    Doc 396-2    Filed 03/31/26    Page 540 of 551

Reference Number: 1118978

9. 
This Agreement shall be governed by and construed in accordance with the laws of the 
State of New York, and shall be binding upon, and inure to the benefit of, the parties hereto and their 
respective successors in interests and assigns.  The parties hereto hereby waive trial by jury in connection 
with any matter arising out of or relating to this Agreement.  The provisions of this Paragraph 9 shall 
survive the termination of this Agreement.

10. 
This Agreement may be executed by the parties hereto in more than one counterpart, each 
of which, when executed and delivered, shall be deemed to be an original and all of which shall constitute 
together but one and the same document.  Signatures to this Agreement which are delivered via emailed 
pdf file or via facsimile transmission shall be treated as original signatures.

[Remainder of Page Intentionally Left Blank]

4875-5896-2974, v. 7

=== page 541 ===
Case 25-11853-KBO    Doc 396-2    Filed 03/31/26    Page 541 of 551

IN WITNESS WHEREOF, the parties hereto have executed this Agreement as of the Effective 
Date.

ESCROW AGENT:

FIRST AMERICAN TITLE INSURANCE COMPANY 
 
 
By: 
_________________________ 
Name:  
Title:

4875-5896-2974, v. 7

=== page 542 ===
Case 25-11853-KBO    Doc 396-2    Filed 03/31/26    Page 542 of 551

LANDLORD:

[INSERT SIGNATURE PAGE]

4875-5896-2974, v. 7

=== page 543 ===
Case 25-11853-KBO    Doc 396-2    Filed 03/31/26    Page 543 of 551

TENANT: 
 
 
 
 
 
 
[INSERT SIGNATURE PAGE]

4875-5896-2974, v. 7

=== page 544 ===
Case 25-11853-KBO    Doc 396-2    Filed 03/31/26    Page 544 of 551

LENDER: 
 
 
 
 
 
 
[INSERT SIGNATURE PAGE]

4875-5896-2974, v. 7

=== page 545 ===
Case 25-11853-KBO    Doc 396-2    Filed 03/31/26    Page 545 of 551

Acknowledged and agreed to  
solely with respect to Section 5  
of this Agreement on this  
______ day of ____, 2022: 
 
 
PAYROLL PROVIDER:  
 
[__________________________] 
 
By: 
____________________ 
 
Name: 
 
Title:

4875-5896-2974, v. 7

=== page 546 ===
Case 25-11853-KBO    Doc 396-2    Filed 03/31/26    Page 546 of 551

EXHIBIT A

Copy of Union MOA

(See Attached)

4875-5896-2974, v. 7

=== page 547 ===
Case 25-11853-KBO    Doc 396-2    Filed 03/31/26    Page 547 of 551

EXHIBIT B

Form of Disbursement Notice

[TENANT LETTERHEAD]

VIA E-MAIL: 
 
First American Title Insurance Company (“Escrow Agent”) 
666 Third Avenue 
New York, NY 10017 
Attention:  Matt Clay 
Email: mclay@firstam.com; ajaeger@firstam.com  
Tel:  917-710-2174 
Reference Number: 1118978  
 
[PAYROLL PROVIDER] 
[________________] 
[________________] 
Attention: [________________] 
Email: [________________]

Re: 
Enhanced Severance Escrow Agreement (the “Agreement”), dated May ___, 2022, by 
and among HUDSON 1701/1706, LLC, a Delaware limited liability company (“Tenant 
1701/1706”), HUDSON 1702, LLC, a Delaware limited liability company (“Tenant 
1702”; and together with Tenant 1701/1706, collectively and jointly and severally, 
“Tenant”), 356W58 GROUND LESSOR LLC, a Delaware limited liability company 
(“Landlord”), PARKVIEW FINANCIAL REIT, LP, a Delaware limited partnership 
(“Lender”) and First American Title Insurance Company (“Escrow Agent”) 
 
 
   
To Whom it May Concern:

Reference is hereby made to the Agreement. Capitalized terms used herein but not defined herein 
shall have the meanings ascribed to such terms in the Agreement.  Pursuant to Section 5(a) of the 
Agreement, this letter shall constitute a Disbursement Notice with the following instruction:

1. Escrow Agent is hereby directed to disburse $[_________________] of the Escrow 
Funds to Payroll Provider at the wiring instructions set forth on Schedule A attached hereto.

2. Upon receipt of such Escrow Funds, Payroll Provider is hereby directed to disburse to 
each Hotel Employee the amount of Enhanced Severance set forth opposite such Hotel Employee’s name 
set forth on Schedule B attached hereto, less the applicable Tax Withholding calculated with respect to 
such Hotel Employee’s Enhanced Severance.

Please reach out should you have any questions or concerns.

4875-5896-2974, v. 7

=== page 548 ===
Case 25-11853-KBO    Doc 396-2    Filed 03/31/26    Page 548 of 551

Sincerely,  
 
TENANT 
 
HUDSON 1702, LLC, 
a Delaware limited liability company 
 
 
By: 
___________________________ 
 
Name:    
 
Title: 
 
By: 
___________________________ 
 
Name:    
 
Title: 
 
 
HUDSON 1701/1706, LLC, 
a Delaware limited liability company 
 
 
By: 
___________________________ 
 
Name:    
 
Title: 
 
 
By: 
___________________________ 
 
Name:    
 
Title: 
 
 
 
 
Cc: 
Danielle Ash (Dash@dsllp.com)  
Jordan Metzger (JMetzger@coleschotz.com) 
Jeff Fritz (jlevin@FarrellFritz.com)

4875-5896-2974, v. 7

=== page 549 ===
Case 25-11853-KBO    Doc 396-2    Filed 03/31/26    Page 549 of 551

Schedule A to Disbursement Notice

[Payroll Provider Wiring Instructions]

4875-5896-2974, v. 7

=== page 550 ===
Case 25-11853-KBO    Doc 396-2    Filed 03/31/26    Page 550 of 551

Schedule B to Disbursement Notice

[Schedule of Hotel Employees and Enhanced Severance Amount]

4875-5896-2974, v. 7

=== page 551 ===
Case 25-11853-KBO    Doc 396-2    Filed 03/31/26    Page 551 of 551

Schedule 1

Enhanced Severance Schedule

(See Attached)

4875-5896-2974, v. 7

