=== page 1 ===
 
 
 
 
IN THE UNITED STATES BANKRUPTCY COURT 
FOR THE SOUTHERN DISTRICT OF TEXAS 
HOUSTON DIVISION 
 
) 
 
In re: 
) 
Chapter 11 
 
) 
 
SUNNOVA ENERGY INTERNATIONAL INC., 
) 
Case No. 25-90160 (ARP) 
et al.,1 
) 
 
 
) 
 
 
 
 
Debtors. 
) 
(Joint Administration Requested) 
 
) 
 
 
DECLARATION OF 
PAUL MATHEWS, PRESIDENT AND 
CHIEF EXECUTIVE OFFICER OF SUNNOVA ENERGY 
INTERNATIONAL INC., IN SUPPORT OF DEBTORS’ CHAPTER 11 PETITIONS 
I, Paul Mathews, hereby declare under penalty of perjury: 
Introduction2 
1. 
Sunnova was founded in a downtown Houston apartment in 2012 with a bold and 
straightforward mission:  to power energy independence with clean, reliable, and affordable 
electricity.  Since then, the Company has worked tirelessly toward this goal, ultimately placing 
itself at the top of the residential solar industry and the forefront of the clean energy sector.  When 
residential solar energy emerged as an alternative and supplement to traditional utilities, Sunnova 
was there to meet the new demand.  Today, Sunnova’s full-service approach to residential solar 
 
1 
A complete list of each of the Debtors in these chapter 11 cases may be obtained on the website of the Debtors’ 
proposed claims and noticing agent at https://restructuring.ra.kroll.com/Sunnova.  The location of Debtor 
Sunnova Energy International Inc.’s corporate headquarters and the Debtors’ service address in these chapter 11 
cases is 20 East Greenway Plaza, Suite 540, Houston, Texas 77046.  “Sunnova” or the “Company” means, 
collectively, Sunnova Energy International Inc. and its Debtor and non-Debtor subsidiaries and affiliates. 
2  
Capitalized terms used but not otherwise defined herein shall have the meanings ascribed to them in Declaration 
of Ryan Omohundro, Chief Restructuring Officer of Sunnova Energy International Inc., In Support of the Debtors’ 
First Day Motions (the “Omohundro Declaration”). 
Case 25-90160   Document 17   Filed in TXSB on 06/09/25   Page 1 of 45

=== page 2 ===
2 
energy and energy storage systems allows it to serve hundreds of thousands of customers in more 
than fifty U.S. states and territories. 
2. 
Through these chapter 11 cases, the Debtors seek a long-term solution for their 
stakeholders, including their Dealers, customers, employees, and lenders, via a value-maximizing 
sale and wind-down process that contemplates:  (a) the sale of substantially all of the Debtors’ 
assets; (b) settlement of claims held by the Debtors’ Dealers with incremental financing to a 
non-Debtor and the non-Debtor’s purchase of certain dormant Debtor assets; and (c) a wind-down 
of the remaining estates. 
3. 
Sunnova’s prodigious growth dovetailed with the adoption of residential solar 
energy as an alternative and supplement to traditional utilities.  Sunnova’s historical success 
reflects its unique ability to leverage the opportunities created by the growing demand for 
residential solar and the technological advancements necessary to fulfill that demand.  Unlike 
many of its competitors, which maintain large direct sales forces and installers across their 
footprints, Sunnova has utilized a network of approximately 450 local, independent dealers and 
contractors (collectively, the “Dealers”) to market, sell, and install products and services, including 
solar energy systems and energy storage systems (collectively, “Solar Systems”), on Sunnova’s 
behalf. 
4. 
Historically, Sunnova has provided services to its customers in four ways: 
• 
Solar Leases—Customers enter long-term lease agreements with fixed monthly 
payment terms for the use of Solar Systems owned by Sunnova. 
• 
Power Purchase Agreements (PPAs)—Customers enter long-term agreements 
with Sunnova to purchase the power generated each month by Solar Systems owned 
by Sunnova. 
Case 25-90160   Document 17   Filed in TXSB on 06/09/25   Page 2 of 45

=== page 3 ===
3 
• 
Solar Loans—Customers purchase Solar Systems from Sunnova for little or no 
money down, financed by Sunnova.3 
• 
New Home Products—Customers purchase Solar Systems—in cash or subject to 
Solar Leases/PPAs—through Sunnova’s homebuilder-Dealers, in connection with 
purchases of new homes. 
• 
Service and Warranty Agreements—Customers with Sunnova-originated Solar 
Systems 
are 
provided 
warranties 
for 
monitoring, 
maintenance, 
and 
repair/replacement services; customers with third-party installations enter into 
long-term service contracts for similar monitoring, maintenance, and warranty 
services and, in some cases, production guarantees. 
5. 
These business segments generate cash flows spread across extended 
(multi-decade) time frames, often paired with significant up-front cash investments.  To support 
its business operations, grow its customer count, and leverage the solar-related tax credits and 
other governmental incentives its business generates, Sunnova has employed a number of 
sophisticated financing structures, primarily consisting of:  (a) unsecured notes at the Company’s 
corporate level; (b) tax equity partnerships (“TEPs”), in which third-party investors commit capital 
for the purchase of Solar Systems subject to solar leases and PPAs in exchange for the assets’ 
residual cash flows and tax attributes; (c) non-recourse revolving credit facilities that finance 
Sunnova’s purchase of Solar Systems, Solar Loans, and interests in the TEPs (the “Warehouse 
Facilities”); and (d) securitization facilities that issue notes secured by Sunnova’s Solar Loans and 
interests in TEPs. 
6. 
Sunnova’s business segments have allowed it to provide a broad, complementary 
suite of product and service offerings to its customers.  Through the 2010s and early 2020s, 
Sunnova capitalized on the exceptional growth of the residential solar ecosystem, more than 
 
3  
As described in greater detail below, in addition to Solar Loans that finance customers’ purchases of Solar 
Systems, Sunnova historically offered Accessory Loans, which allowed customers to renovate their roofs or 
obtain other sustainable home products, through standalone loans, as part of Solar Loans, or in addition to Solar 
Leases or PPAs. 
Case 25-90160   Document 17   Filed in TXSB on 06/09/25   Page 3 of 45

=== page 4 ===
4 
quadrupling its customer count between 2020 and 2024, while increasing its gross revenues from 
$161 million to nearly $840 million during the same period.  Sunnova now commands the 
second-highest market share in the growing third-party ownership (“TPO”) residential solar 
segment, with billions of dollars in active customer contracts:4 
 
7. 
Over the last couple years, however, a combination of industry-specific pressures 
and macroeconomic headwinds resulted in reduced investment in, and diminished profitability for, 
residential solar generally.  These forces include economic volatility, above-target inflation, 
prolonged high interest rates, and more recently, tariffs and uncertainty over the nation’s 
commitment to incentivizing solar power generation.  This downturn has already affected 
Sunnova’s competitors, including SunPower Corporation, which filed for chapter 11 and 
underwent a sale process in the summer of 2024.  
8. 
As the residential solar industry navigates this new environment, Sunnova’s 
growth-first mindset has given way to a more measured strategy with an emphasis on profitability 
 
4  
Wood Mackenzie, US Residential Solar Finance Update H2 2024; Company’s filings with the Securities and 
Exchange Commission. 
Case 25-90160   Document 17   Filed in TXSB on 06/09/25   Page 4 of 45

=== page 5 ===
5 
and sustainability.  Sunnova has reoriented its focus on originating only those projects that are 
most sound economically and better aligning its revenues with the costs of its ongoing debt service.  
Heading into 2025, Sunnova had shrunk its year-over-year net losses by more than 10 percent, 
even while it grew its revenue and customer count.  But its headline financials belied deeper 
challenges.  The high-growth strategy that allowed the Company to cement its place as a market 
leader made it difficult to preserve cash.  As the Company’s cash position continued to deteriorate, 
it accumulated unpaid balances to its Dealers, leading them to ground in-process construction 
projects and dam critical revenue streams. 
9. 
The Company recognized an imperative to pursue a comprehensive operational and 
financial restructuring to rebalance its cash flows, rationalize its balance sheet, and position itself 
for future success.  In December 2024, it began exploring liability management options and soon 
thereafter, it engaged J.P. Morgan & Co. to market potential recapitalization transactions.  But the 
Company’s eroding cash position soon prompted it to prioritize raising additional capital. 
10. 
Specifically, the Company identified a need for approximately $200 million to 
bridge its operations while it pursued long-term capital solutions.  The Company explored potential 
financing vehicles, including (a) the sale of its interests in entities holding Solar Assets, 
(b) refinancing/re-levering its Securitizations, and (c) raising a facility secured by its residual 
interests in its Securitizations.  The Company determined a sale of discrete equity interests/Solar 
Assets would foreclose on critical recurring cash flows, and refinancing/re-levering its 
Securitizations would be a cumbersome process, unlikely to deliver material cash proceeds.  
Accordingly, the Company elected to pursue an incremental facility and began a marketing 
process, receiving three indicative offers.  The Company ultimately pursued an offer from KKR 
Case 25-90160   Document 17   Filed in TXSB on 06/09/25   Page 5 of 45

=== page 6 ===
6 
for a $185 million term loan facility (the “KKR Facility”), which closed on March 2, 2025, 
pursuant to the KKR Credit Agreement. 
11. 
In addition, the Company installed new senior leadership, including appointing me 
as President and Chief Executive Officer (“CEO”) and Robyn Liska as Interim Chief Financial 
Officer (“CFO”).  The Company also retained legal and financial restructuring advisors, including 
Ryan Omohundro of Alvarez & Marsal North America, LLC as Chief Restructuring Officer.  New 
leadership immediately commenced discussions with the Debtors’ key lenders, including the 
lenders under its Warehouse Facilities, an ad hoc group consisting of holders of the Senior 
Unsecured Notes and Convertible Notes (the “Ad Hoc Group”),5 KKR, and third parties around 
the Company’s short-term liquidity need and turnaround business plan.  Further, the Company 
began to streamline its operations to both preserve cash and position itself for potential 
restructuring transactions.  As part of that process, the Company made extraordinarily difficult 
decisions to furlough, and then part ways with, more than 50 percent of its employees. 
12. 
Despite the current volatility in the solar market and the challenges imposed by its 
balance sheet, the Company, its advisors, and its stakeholders believe in the value of the 
Company’s business and assets.  The fundamental forces that drove the residential solar industry’s 
rapid growth over the last decade-plus have only grown stronger.  Traditional utility costs have 
 
5  
As of March 2025, the Ad Hoc Group accounted for more than 90 percent of the holders of each series of Senior 
Unsecured Notes and Convertible Notes.  The Ad Hoc Group has since separated, and the remaining group is 
referred to in the Debtors’ pleadings as the “Ad Hoc Group of Certain Noteholders.” 
Case 25-90160   Document 17   Filed in TXSB on 06/09/25   Page 6 of 45

=== page 7 ===
7 
continued to rise due to load growth and transmission constraints and are forecast to continue rising 
in the future, particularly in key markets:6 
Conversely, the cost savings offered by solar energy production and storage have only improved 
due to declining capital expenditure costs and improved battery storage technology.  Residential 
solar also offers customers reliability in an era of grid instability.  The Company believes its 
businesses and assets are well-positioned to capitalize on these continuing secular shifts. 
13. 
In the weeks and months leading to the Petition Date, the Debtors, their major 
constituents, and third parties engaged in negotiations regarding potential (a) out-of-court capital 
solutions, (b) bridge financing, (c) postpetition financing, and (d) a postpetition marketing process.  
The Debtors commence these chapter 11 cases to pursue the sale of all or substantially all of their 
assets and an orderly wind-down of their estates to realize maximum value for the benefit of their 
stakeholders.7 
 
6  
S&P Global Cost per kWh Databook 1978-2023. 
7  
See the Omohundro Declaration for details regarding the Debtors’ (a) prepetition negotiations with its 
stakeholders and third parties and (b) proposed actions in these chapter 11 cases, including consummation of the 
Sale Process and TEPH Transactions (each, as defined in the Omohundro Declaration). 
Case 25-90160   Document 17   Filed in TXSB on 06/09/25   Page 7 of 45

=== page 8 ===
8 
Background and Qualifications 
14. 
I am the CEO of Sunnova. 
15. 
I began working at Sunnova in January 2023 as its Executive Vice President of 
Service and Supply Chain.  I was appointed Chief Operating Officer in 2024 and CEO in 
March 2025.  Prior to my time at Sunnova, I spent nearly two decades serving in a variety of 
leadership roles at UPS, most recently as President of U.S. Industrial Engineering and President 
of Engineering—Strategy and Planning.  I hold a bachelor’s degree from the University of 
Pittsburgh and an MBA from the Kenan-Flagler Business School at the University of North 
Carolina. 
16. 
As CEO of Sunnova, I am familiar with the Debtors’ day-to-day operations, 
business and financial affairs, and books and records.  Except as otherwise indicated, the 
statements set forth in this Declaration are based upon my personal knowledge, information 
provided by other members of the Debtors’ management team and advisors, my review of relevant 
documents and information concerning the Debtors’ operations, financial affairs, and restructuring 
initiatives, or my opinions based upon my experience and knowledge.  I am over the age of 18 and 
am authorized to submit this Declaration on behalf of the Debtors.  If called as a witness, I could 
and would testify competently to the facts set forth in this Declaration. 
17. 
To familiarize the Court with the Debtors, their businesses, the circumstances 
leading to these chapter 11 cases, and the Debtors’ prepetition restructuring initiatives, this 
declaration (this “Declaration”) is organized as follows: 
• Part I provides an overview of the Debtors’ corporate history, structure, and 
business operations; 
• Part II describes the Debtors’ prepetition capital structure; 
• Part III describes the circumstances leading to the filing of these chapter 11 cases; 
Case 25-90160   Document 17   Filed in TXSB on 06/09/25   Page 8 of 45

=== page 9 ===
9 
• Part IV describes certain of the Debtors’ prepetition restructuring initiatives. 
Discussion 
I. 
The Debtors’ Corporate History, Structure, and Business Operations 
A. Corporate History 
18. 
Sunnova was founded in 2012 with little more than a vision well-suited to its home 
in the Energy Capital of the World:  to bring a clean, reliable, affordable energy alternative to 
homeowners across the country.  Over the next thirteen years, Sunnova took advantage of a 
confluence of market developments and used its unique business model to make that vision a 
reality.  To start, advancements in solar and energy storage technologies in the years after 
Sunnova’s founding improved the efficiency and output of residential solar systems and 
significantly reduced their costs.  These production capabilities were met by untapped demand for 
cleaner alternatives to traditional home electricity production—in 2019, at the time of Sunnova’s 
initial public offering, just 3 percent of the 84 million single-family homes in the United States 
were equipped with rooftop solar.  Moreover, both (a) the rising (and unpredictable) costs of 
utility-based electricity and (b) the demand for independent energy production resilient to natural 
disasters—which continue to disrupt centralized power grids—bolstered Sunnova’s value 
proposition beyond just eco-friendly production of home electricity. 
19. 
Sunnova grew quickly.  It commenced operations in January 2013 and began 
providing solar energy services through its first solar energy system in April 2013.  In July 2019, 
Sunnova completed an initial public offering (“IPO”) and began trading on the New York Stock 
Exchange (the “NYSE”).  At that point, less than seven years after its founding, the Company was 
serving 63,000 customers and operating one of the largest fleets of residential solar systems in the 
United States.  After its IPO, Sunnova continued its upward trajectory, and its solar systems now 
hold more than 2,892 megawatts of generation capacity—enough to power the city of Chicago.  
Case 25-90160   Document 17   Filed in TXSB on 06/09/25   Page 9 of 45

=== page 10 ===
10 
The following chart illustrates the growth in Sunnova’s customers from December 31, 2020, 
through December 31, 2024. 
 
B. The Debtors’ Business Operations 
20. 
As set forth further herein, the Debtors’ business model has undergone a strategic 
transition from its initial growth-oriented focus.  Macroeconomic and financial factors led the 
Company to pause its origination of new customer business and divest from certain unprofitable 
and non-core segments, including the origination of solar energy loans and accessory loans.  
Accordingly, the following description of the Debtors’ businesses details Sunnova’s historical 
operations through the end of 2024 and then describes changes made in the subsequent period, up 
to the Petition Date. 
21. 
Until recently, Sunnova has taken a wide-ranging approach to solar energy and has 
offered products and services that span the solar energy ecosystem.  Sunnova has primarily worked 
with its expansive network of Dealers to market, sell/lease, and install Solar Systems.  To access 
the benefits of Solar Systems, customers have entered into one of three different 
agreements:  (a) a lease of a Solar System (a “Solar Lease”); (b) a power purchase agreement for 
Case 25-90160   Document 17   Filed in TXSB on 06/09/25   Page 10 of 45

=== page 11 ===
11 
the use of a Solar System’s output (a “PPA”); or (c) a loan agreement to finance the purchase of a 
Solar System (a “Solar Loan”).  Upon installation of a Solar System, the Company owned (a) the 
Solar System, subject to a Solar Lease or PPA (such Solar Systems, collectively, the “Solar 
Assets”) or (b) a Solar Loan.  The Company then (a) transferred portfolios of Solar Assets and 
Solar Loans to TEPs and/or other special purpose entities (“SPEs”), (b) securitized the cash flows 
generated by its interests in the portfolios of Solar Assets and Solar Loans by issuing asset-backed 
or loan-backed notes through the SPEs (collectively, the “Securitizations”), (c) used the proceeds 
of the notes to finance additional Solar Assets and Solar Loans, and (d) earned various servicing 
and management fees from providing operational and maintenance, billing, collection, and other 
general administration services related to the Securitizations. 
1. The Debtors’ Core Product and Service Offerings. 
22. 
Through its Dealers, Sunnova offers its customers the following categories of 
renewable energy products—each of which provides reduced energy costs, energy resilience, and 
applicable federal, state, and local incentives: 
• Solar Energy System:  a system that converts solar radiation into electrical energies 
usable by standard electrical appliances (including, with applicable hardware, 
electric vehicle chargers) and includes the following components: (a) solar 
photovoltaic panels that turn sunlight into direct current electricity, (b) inverters 
that convert solar-generated direct current electricity into alternating current 
electricity used by most standard household appliances, (c) racking systems that 
attach the solar photovoltaic panels to the roof or ground, and (d) a remote 
monitoring system that measures and monitors all energy generated by the solar 
energy system and provides alerts about system performance. 
• Combined System: a system that combines the solar energy system with a battery 
storage system produced by leading energy storage manufacturers, and provides the 
household with additional energy efficiency.  While the energy produced by a 
standalone solar energy system must be used or sent back to the grid in real time, 
an energy storage system allows energy produced at one time (e.g., the peak sun 
hours from late morning to mid-afternoon) to be used at another time (e.g., the peak 
demand hours from later-afternoon to mid-evening), which is particularly 
beneficial if a household is subject to time-based utility rates, rolling blackouts, or 
power outages. 
Case 25-90160   Document 17   Filed in TXSB on 06/09/25   Page 11 of 45

=== page 12 ===
12 
• Standalone Energy Storage System:  a standalone battery storage system wired into 
a household’s electrical system that charges and stores energy from a third-party 
solar system or the electric grid.  Even the battery storage systems that are not 
connected to any solar system provide homeowners protection from time-based 
utility rates, rolling blackouts, and power-outages. 
23. 
In support of its Solar Systems, Sunnova offers sophisticated and proprietary 
energy management software, as well as an online portal and mobile app where customers can 
manage devices, pay bills, view energy recommendations, and place service requests. 
24. 
A demonstrative summary of Sunnova’s various products can be seen in the 
illustration below: 
 
  
25. 
Prior to the operational changes described further below, Sunnova generally 
provided access to its products and services through long-term agreements in one of the following 
formats: 
• Solar Leases.  Customers lease Solar Systems from Sunnova for existing or new 
homes in exchange for fixed monthly rates, with or without upfront partial 
prepayments or annual escalations.  Sunnova retains title to the underlying Solar 
Systems, which Sunnova also operates and maintains.  In most cases, Solar Leases 
include performance guarantees under which Sunnova will refund payments or 
credit customers if the Solar Systems fail to meet a guaranteed minimum level of 
power production for a specified time period. 
Case 25-90160   Document 17   Filed in TXSB on 06/09/25   Page 12 of 45

=== page 13 ===
13 
• PPAs.  Through its Dealers, Sunnova installs Solar Systems it owns at customers’ 
homes, typically without any upfront costs to the customers.  Customers then 
purchase from Sunnova the energy produced by the Solar Systems at an 
agreed-upon price per kilowatt-hour, typically lower than the corresponding local 
utility rates.  Customers choose varied monthly payments based on actual energy 
usage or flat monthly payments that are levelized according to each customer’s 
expected annual energy usage.  PPAs typically carry initial terms of twenty or 
twenty-five years, with customer options to renew for up to ten years via five-year 
renewal elections. 
• Solar Loans.  Customers purchase Solar Systems using financing provided or 
facilitated by Sunnova.  Customers then repay the amount financed, plus a 
financing charge, through monthly payments on terms of ten, fifteen, or twenty-five 
years.  Sunnova provides monitoring and warranty services.  Like the Solar Leases, 
Solar Loans usually include performance guarantees under which Sunnova refunds 
payments or credits customers if the Solar Systems fail to meet a guaranteed 
minimum level of power production for specified time periods.  As described 
further below, in January 2025, Sunnova indefinitely paused the origination of new 
loan agreements. 
• New Home Products. Sunnova (a) originates (i) fixed and prepaid solar leases and 
(ii) fixed and variable PPAs, and (b) sells Solar Systems for cash to purchasers of 
new homes constructed by Sunnova’s homebuilder partners, including Lennar 
Corporation, for which Sunnova has been the exclusive residential solar and storage 
provider since 2021.8 
• Service and Other Agreements.  Sunnova provides a variety of ancillary services 
in addition to Solar Systems.  While some of these services are provided pursuant 
to and as part of Solar Leases, PPAs, and Solar Loans, in some instances, Sunnova 
enters into independent agreements with customers, including agreements to 
service non-Sunnova originated solar systems, loan and/or warranty agreements for 
ancillary energy-related products, demand response agreements, and managed 
SREC agreements (such independent agreements, collectively, the “Service and 
Accessory Loan Agreements”).  Ancillary services include: 
• Financing energy-related products and services and other sustainable home 
products sold by Dealers, independent of or as an add-on to Solar Systems 
(the “Accessory Loans”), including home automation, energy management and 
other smart home devices, upgraded roofing, modern HVAC, generators, water 
systems, water heaters, main panel upgrades, and electric vehicle charges;9 
 
8  
As of the Petition Date, Sunnova has indefinitely paused new sales and originations through its New Home 
business line. 
9  
Sunnova has undertaken efforts to sell its Accessory Loans portfolio, and as of the Petition Date, Sunnova has 
indefinitely paused the origination of new Accessory Loan agreements. 
Case 25-90160   Document 17   Filed in TXSB on 06/09/25   Page 13 of 45

=== page 14 ===
14 
• Monetizing excess energy production on behalf of customers during peak 
demand periods by discharging electricity stored in customer Solar Systems, 
aggregating the electricity, and selling it in exchange for a percentage of the 
resulting revenues; 
• Providing the warranties included with Solar Loans, Solar Leases, and PPAs, 
which cover monitoring, performance assurance, and repair services with 
respect to Solar Energy Systems and Energy Storage Systems, as well as roof 
penetration warranties (to the extent of any damage from Solar System 
installations); 
• Providing monitoring and/or repair services for Solar Systems that are neither 
owned nor sold by Sunnova for a term of one, five, ten, or twenty years.  
Customers choose among:  (a) a basic service, which is limited to monitoring a 
Solar System for issues; (b) a premium service, which includes facilitating 
repairs and/or replacement of equipment under a manufacturer’s warranty; or, 
(c) in some markets a platinum service, which includes a full warranty and 
production guarantee;10 and 
• Providing a la carte repair and maintenance services for out-of-warranty Solar 
Systems, either sold by Sunnova or a competitor, including assessment and 
troubleshooting, warranty administration, warranty fulfillment, preventative 
maintenance, and repair and replacement of equipment. 
26. 
As of December 31, 2024, approximately 31 percent of Sunnova’s customers had 
Solar Leases, approximately 28 percent had PPAs, approximately 24 percent had Solar Loans, and 
approximately 12 percent had Service and Accessory Loan Agreements.  The remaining 5 percent 
purchased Sunnova products in cash. 
27. 
In addition to its indirect business-to-consumer sales of solar energy products and 
services, Sunnova’s historical business has included leasing third parties’ interests in pools of 
energy systems, including related customer PPA and lease obligations, entitling Sunnova to future 
cash flows, as well as certain credits, rebates, and incentives. 
 
10  Sunnova has discontinued its platinum service offering. 
Case 25-90160   Document 17   Filed in TXSB on 06/09/25   Page 14 of 45

=== page 15 ===
15 
2. The Debtors’ Dealer Network 
28. 
Through Debtor Sunnova Energy Corporation (“SEC”), Sunnova partners with 
approximately 175 Dealers through certain channel partner agreements (the “Channel Partner 
Agreements”), under which the Dealers are generally responsible for:  (a) in compliance with 
Sunnova’s underwriting standards, marketing, sourcing, verifying, and originating customers for 
both Solar Systems and Sunnova’s ancillary product lines, such as sustainable home solutions, 
smart home devices, modern heating, ventilation, and air conditioning systems, generators, 
upgraded roofing, water systems, water heaters, main panel upgrades, and electric vehicle 
chargers; (b) designing, engineering, and procuring Solar Systems and other products from a list 
of manufacturers pre-approved by Sunnova; and (c) installing, commissioning, and connecting the 
Solar Systems to the electrical grid pursuant to Sunnova’s procedures and applicable regulatory 
requirements. 
29. 
Solar System projects typically progress in accordance with certain 
milestones:  (a) submission of a “contract package,” whereby a Dealer delivers to Sunnova a 
signed customer lease agreement, PPA, or loan agreement, as applicable; (b) submission of a 
“notice to proceed package,” whereby the Dealer submits a final design proposal and Sunnova 
issues an affirmative notice to proceed (a “Notice to Proceed”); (c) physical installation of the 
Solar System (“Mechanical Completion”); (d) the Dealer’s completion and submission of all 
documentation required to commission the Solar System (“Substantial Completion”); and 
(e) Sunnova’s final inspection of the Solar System, the Solar System’s connection to the power 
grid, and the Solar Systems’ placement in service (“Final Completion”).  Under the Channel 
Partner Agreements, Dealers are typically paid in two installments:  either first, upon the Notice 
to Proceed, and second, at Substantial Completion; or first, at Substantial Completion, and second, 
at Final Completion. 
Case 25-90160   Document 17   Filed in TXSB on 06/09/25   Page 15 of 45

=== page 16 ===
16 
30. 
Dealers are the Debtors’ public-facing presence in every market Sunnova serves.  
Many Dealers are leaders in the solar installation, electrical services, or roofing industries in their 
respective local markets, and they are often the first points of contact for customers actively 
searching for solar power, backup power, or complementary home services.  Over the course of 
Sunnova’s twelve-year operating history, the vast majority of its customers were acquired through 
the Debtors’ Dealer network.  In particular, the top twelve Dealers, led by Trinity Solar, Inc. and 
Windmar P.V. Energy, Inc., account for more than 80 percent of Sunnova’s originations. 
31. 
The Dealer model has provided Sunnova with operational flexibility, allowing it to 
enter and exit markets quickly, without the fixed costs that burden more vertically-integrated 
models.  The Dealer model has also reduced Sunnova’s exposure to labor shortages and enabled 
Sunnova to leverage Dealers’ specialized knowledge, connections, and experience in local 
markets, while providing the Dealers with access to high-quality products at competitive prices, 
as well as technical oversight and expertise.  The Dealers have been an essential part of Sunnova’s 
business model since its inception. 
C. Securitizations 
32. 
As noted above, the installation of Solar Systems generally requires significant 
up-front cash investment, while cash flows are generated across extended (multi-decade) time 
frames.  Historically, Sunnova has pulled forward the future cash flows derived from customer 
payments—and used that cash to drive customer growth and purchase additional Solar Loans and 
Solar Assets—by engaging in extensive securitization activities.  Sunnova has effected such 
securitizations primarily by issuing asset- and loan-backed notes through non-Debtor SPEs.  The 
structure of these securitizations differs substantially depending on whether the notes are 
ultimately secured by Solar Assets (i.e., Solar Leases and PPAs) or Solar Loans. 
Case 25-90160   Document 17   Filed in TXSB on 06/09/25   Page 16 of 45

=== page 17 ===
17 
1. 
Asset-Backed Securitizations / TEPs 
33. 
In the ordinary course of business, after the Dealers have originated qualifying 
Solar Leases and PPAs, but before the underlying Solar Systems are “placed in service,” i.e., ready 
for use, Sunnova uses proceeds from one of its Warehouse Facilities—the TEPH Facility—to 
purchase title to the inactive Solar Systems.  These Solar Systems become assets on the balance 
sheet of Debtor Sunnova TEP Developer, LLC (“TEP Developer”) and secure Sunnova’s 
outstanding obligations under the TEPH Facility, as described further below. 
34. 
Relatedly, Sunnova partners with various third-party institutional investors, 
including global, blue-chip financial institutions, to form TEPs.  TEP investors provide up-front 
capital contributions used by the TEPs to purchase Solar Systems, in exchange for entitlements to 
cash flows, solar Investment Tax Credits (“ITCs”), and other tax attributes (e.g., depreciation 
deductions and net operating losses) such Solar Systems generate.  The ITCs provide a unique 
opportunity to offset federal tax obligations and are in high demand.  Because the Debtors do not 
produce sufficient income to utilize all the ITCs the Solar Systems generate, Sunnova establishes 
TEPs to attract capital contributions from institutional investors able to derive additional value 
from the ITCs. 
35. 
A TEP is an LLC jointly owned by the third-party TEP investor, which is vested 
with class A membership interests on account of its capital contribution (the “Class A Member”), 
and Sunnova, which retains class B membership interests through a special purpose “TEP 
Manager” entity (the “Class B Member”).  The Class B Members are generally responsible for 
operating the TEPs, subject to broad consent rights by the Class A Members under the applicable 
TEP LLC agreements.  Generally, the Class A Member contributes a certain percentage 
(e.g., 20 percent) of its committed capital to the TEP contemporaneous with the TEP’s formation.  
The TEP then uses the initial capital contribution to purchase from TEP Developer a group of 
Case 25-90160   Document 17   Filed in TXSB on 06/09/25   Page 17 of 45

=== page 18 ===
18 
Solar Systems that are at or near Substantial Completion, pursuant to an arm’s-length development 
and purchase agreement (a “TEP Purchase Agreement”).  While Sunnova Dealers continue to 
progress the Solar Systems (now owned by the TEP) toward Final Completion, the TEP remains 
“open.”  Each TEP’s LLC agreement imposes an outside date by which all Solar Systems must be 
completed.  Failure to meet the outside date will cause title to the unfinished Solar Systems to 
revert from the TEP to TEP Developer
11 and either (a) vests the TEP with a credit against future 
capital contributions or (b) requires the Company to contribute to the TEP commensurate 
conforming Solar Systems.  While the TEP is open, the applicable Class B Member is a wholly 
owned subsidiary of non-Debtor Sunnova TEP Holdings, LLC (“TEPH”)—the borrower under the 
TEPH Facility—and Sunnova’s outstanding balance under the TEPH Facility is secured by all 
Class B Members’ interests in the TEPs.  When a TEP has acquired title to a predetermined number 
and mix of Solar Systems, and all such Solar Systems have reached Final Completion 
(i.e. completed, commissioned, connected with the electric grid, generating meterable electricity), 
the TEP is considered “closed,” and the remaining percentage of the Class A Member’s committed 
capital is due.  Sunnova uses this capital contribution—brought within Sunnova’s corporate 
structure through the TEP Purchase Agreement—to settle Dealer account payables and fund 
working capital. 
36. 
Once the Solar Systems are in service, they generate cash flows (pursuant to the 
Solar Leases and PPAs), as well as SRECs, ITCs, and other tax attributes, for the TEPs that hold 
them.  The distribution of these cash flows and tax attributes is governed by the TEP LLC 
 
11  If a Solar System is completed after title has reverted from TEP to TEP Developer, TEP Developer transfers such 
Solar System to SAP IV.  SAP IV also holds title to certain completed Solar Systems that are never placed in a 
TEP and instead transferred from TEP Developer directly.  SAP IV monetizes the ITCs and SRECs it earns from 
the Solar Systems on its balance sheet. 
Case 25-90160   Document 17   Filed in TXSB on 06/09/25   Page 18 of 45

=== page 19 ===
19 
agreements, which utilize a “partnership flip” structure.  This structure generally provides that, 
until the earlier of (a) five or six years from the date the last Solar System in the TEP is placed in 
service or (b) the TEP generates profits in excess of an agreed amount (such date, the “Flip Date”), 
the Class A Members receive substantially all (99 percent) of the ITCs and a portion 
(10–30 percent) of the equity residuals distributed by the TEPs, and the Class B Members receive 
the remainder.  After the Flip Date, the Class B Members receive substantially all equity residual 
distributions, while the Class A Members receive minority distributions.  In contrast, SRECs are 
typically distributed to the Class B Members, regardless of the Flip Date.  As of the Petition Date, 
substantially all TEPs are pre-Flip Date. 
 
 
 
37. 
After the TEPs are closed, Sunnova establishes a series of SPEs, each denoted as 
“Holdings,” “Depositor,” or “Issuer,” and transfers its equity in one or more Class B Members 
from TEPH to the issuer SPE (each such issuer SPE, an “Issuer”) through a chain of intercompany 
transactions.  The Issuer then issues a series of notes (the “Asset-Backed Notes”), often in multiple 
tranches, that are secured by the applicable Class B Members’ interests and are serviced by the 
cash flows distributed to the Class B Members from the TEPs on account of such interests.  
Proceeds from the issuance of the Asset-Backed Notes are transferred, through a chain of 
Case 25-90160   Document 17   Filed in TXSB on 06/09/25   Page 19 of 45

=== page 20 ===
20 
intercompany transactions, from the Issuer back to TEPH  as consideration for the intercompany 
sale of the Class B Members from TEPH to the Issuer and to pay down the TEPH Facility. 
38. 
Every month, customer payments on the Solar Leases and PPAs are collected at the 
TEP level and distributed first to non-Debtors Sunnova TE Management, LLC, Sunnova TE 
Management II, LLC, Sunnova TE Management III, LLC, and/or Sunnova RAYS I 
Management, LLC (collectively, “TE Management”) on account of O&M Services and Asset 
Administration Services (described below), and second to the Class A Member and the Class B 
Member, in accordance with the split set forth in the applicable TEP LLC agreement.  The Class B 
Member then transfers the distribution it receives from the TEP to the Issuer, where the distribution 
is further allocated by the applicable Asset-Backed Notes indenture trustee pursuant to a priority 
waterfall to cover (a) Notes Administration Fees to TE Management (as further described below) 
and (b) the interest and amortized principal to the holders of the Asset-Backed Notes, among other 
distributions.  Residual amounts, if any, are distributed upstream as equity distributions from the 
Issuer through the corporate chain to SEC, in order to fund Sunnova’ working capital. 
39. 
As of the Petition Date, Sunnova, through the SPEs, has issued twelve active series 
of Asset-Backed Notes that collectively securitize Sunnova’s membership interests in twenty-six 
TEPs. 
Case 25-90160   Document 17   Filed in TXSB on 06/09/25   Page 20 of 45

=== page 21 ===
21 
Notes Series 
Amount Outstanding12 
Maturity Date 
Helios II Notes 
$191.00 million 
Jul. 2048 
RAYS Notes 
$102.90 million 
Apr. 2034 
Sol I Notes 
$327.99 million 
Jan. 2055 
Sol II Notes 
$215.40 million 
Nov. 2055 
Sol III Notes 
$247.09 million 
Apr. 2056 
Sol IV Notes 
$317.30 million 
Apr. 2057 
Sol V Notes 
$308.30 million 
Apr. 2058 
Sol VI Notes 
$219.89 million 
Jan. 2059 
Sol VII Notes 
$315.74 million 
Jul. 2059 
Sol VIII Notes 
$301.60 million 
Jul. 2059 
Sol IX Notes 
$294.10 million 
Jan. 2060 
Aurora Notes (incl. AP8 Notes) 
$220.38 million 
Oct. 2059 
2. Loan-Backed Securitizations 
40. 
Historically, Sunnova provided Solar Loans through originating Dealers using 
proceeds from the warehouse SLA Facility.  Once originated, the Solar Loans became assets on 
the balance sheet of non-Debtor Sunnova EZ-Own Portfolio, LLC (“EZOP”) and secured 
Sunnova’s outstanding balance under the SLA Facility.  When EZOP accumulated a critical mass 
of Solar Loans, Sunnova established a series of SPEs, each denoted as “Holdings,” “Depositor,” 
and “Issuer,” and transferred the warehoused Solar Loan portfolio from EZOP to the Issuer through 
a series of intercompany transactions.  The Issuer then issued a series of notes (the “Loan-Backed 
Notes”), often in multiple tranches, secured by the Solar Loans and serviced by the cash flows 
generated therefrom.  Proceeds from the Loan-Backed Notes were distributed, through a series of 
intercompany transfers, from the Issuer back to EZOP (a) as consideration for the intercompany 
sale of the Solar Loan portfolio from EZOP to the Issuer and (b) to pay down the SLA Facility. 
41. 
While the Loan-Backed Notes are outstanding, the indenture trustee of the 
Loan-Backed Notes distributes the monthly cash flows received from customers on account of the 
 
12  Balances as of March 31, 2025. 
Case 25-90160   Document 17   Filed in TXSB on 06/09/25   Page 21 of 45

=== page 22 ===
22 
underlying Solar Loans pursuant to a priority waterfall to cover (a) O&M Fees and Loan 
Administration Fees (described below) to non-Debtor Sunnova ABS Management, LLC 
(the “ABS Manager”) and (b) the interest and amortized principal to the holders of the 
Loan-Backed Notes, among other distributions.  Residual amounts, if any, are distributed upstream 
as equity distributions from the Issuer, through the corporate chain, to SEC, in order to fund 
Sunnova’s working capital.   
42. 
As of the Petition Date, Sunnova, through the SPEs, has issued fourteen active 
series of Loan-Backed Notes, including two series—the Hestia I Notes and the Hestia II Notes—
that are partially guaranteed by the U.S. Department of Energy (the “DOE”) pursuant to the DOE 
Guarantee described below. 
Notes Series 
Amount Outstanding13 Maturity Date 
Helios III Notes 
$85.39 million 
Jun. 2046 
Helios IV Notes 
$96.16 million 
Jun. 2047 
Helios V Notes 
$133.38 million 
Feb. 2048 
Helios VI Notes 
$160.58 million 
Jul. 2048 
Helios VII Notes 
$124.04 million 
Oct. 2048 
Helios VIII Notes 
$244.89 million 
Feb. 2049 
Helios IX Notes 
$198.23 million 
Aug. 2049 
Helios X Notes 
$206.40 million 
Nov. 2049 
Helios XI Notes 
$255.51 million 
May 2050 
Helios XII Notes 
$212.07 million 
Aug. 2050 
Helios XIII Notes 
$201.25 million 
Feb. 2051 
Helios XIV Notes 
$220.56 million 
May 2051 
Hestia I Notes 
$219.10 million 
Dec. 2050 
Hestia II Notes 
$158.33 million 
Jul. 2051 
 
D. O&M and Administrative Fees 
43. 
In connection with the TEPs, the Warehouse Facilities, and the Securitizations, 
Sunnova services Solar Assets and Solar Loans in exchange for fees pursuant to the terms of 
 
13  Balances as of March 31, 2025. 
Case 25-90160   Document 17   Filed in TXSB on 06/09/25   Page 22 of 45

=== page 23 ===
23 
various asset management agreements (collectively, the “Management Agreements”) and 
administrative service agreements (collectively the “Service Agreements”). 
• 
TEP Services—Pursuant to various Management Agreements and Service 
Agreements, respectively, TE Management provides (i) operational, maintenance, 
collection, and other management services to keep the Solar Assets owned by the 
TEPs productive and in good condition to satisfy both the performance guarantees 
to customers and the production requirements under the TEP LLC agreements 
(“O&M Services,” and the related fees, “O&M Fees”) and (ii) services related to 
the administration of the Solar Assets, including billing, collections, and reporting 
(“Asset Administration Services,” and the related fees, “Asset Administration 
Fees”).  O&M Fees and Asset Administration Fees are paid prior to distributions to 
Class A Members and Class B Members of each TEP. 
• 
Asset-Backed Notes Administration Services—Pursuant to various Management 
Agreements, TE Management provides services with respect to Asset-Backed 
Notes, including communicating with applicable TEPs and Class A Members on 
behalf of each Class B Member, monitoring compliance with applicable TEP 
agreements, and reporting on the performance of underlying Solar Assets 
(the “Notes Administration Services,” and the related fees, the “Notes 
Administration Fees”).  In addition, TE Management provides O&M Services and 
Asset Administration Services to Issuers with non-TEP subsidiaries.  Notes 
Administration Fees, O&M Fees, and Asset Administration Fees, as applicable, are 
paid prior to distributions to holders of Asset-Backed Notes. 
• 
Loan-Backed Notes Services—Pursuant to various Management Agreements and 
Service Agreements, respectively, ABS Manager provides (i) O&M Services 
related to Solar Systems subject to Solar Loans and (ii) services related to the 
administration of the Solar Loans, including billing, collections, UCC filings, and 
reporting (“Loan Administration Services,” and such fees, “Loan Administration 
Fees” and together with the Asset Administration Fees and the Notes 
Administration Fees, the “Management Fees”).  O&M Fees and Loan 
Administration Fees are paid prior to distributions to holders of Loan-Backed 
Notes. 
• 
Warehouse Services—Pursuant to various Management Agreements and Service 
Agreements, respectively, TE Management provides O&M Services and Asset 
Administration Services with respect to Solar Assets securing the TEPH Facility.  
Likewise, non-Debtor SLA Management LLC (“SLA Management”) provides 
O&M Services and Loan Administration Services with respect to Solar Loans 
securing the SLA Facility.  O&M Fees and Management Fees, as applicable, are 
paid prior to mandatory repayments of the TEPH Facility and the SLA Facility.  
44. 
Because they have priority under the distribution waterfalls for the Debtors’ 
Securitizations, TEPs, and Warehouse Facilities, the O&M Fees and Management Fees are critical 
Case 25-90160   Document 17   Filed in TXSB on 06/09/25   Page 23 of 45

=== page 24 ===
24 
sources of revenue.  This is particularly true since few TEPs have reached their Flip Dates, and the 
Company receives only limited equity distributions on account of its class B membership interests.  
The diagram below illustrates the Debtors’ organizational structure, including the positions of its 
TEPs, Securitization SPEs, servicer entities, and Warehouse Facilities. 
TEPH Facility
Sunnova TE 
Management
Sunnova Energy 
International 
Inc.
Sunnova 
Inventory 
Holdings, LLC
Sunnova SAP 
IV, LLC
Third-Party TEP 
Investors
Sunnova Energy 
Corporation
Sunnova TEP 
Holdings, LLC
Sunnova 
Solstice 
Borrower, 
LLC
Non-
Securitized
TEPs
Loan-Backed 
Notes SPEs
Asset-Backed 
Notes SPEs
TEPs
TEP
Managers
Third-Party TEP 
Investors
Sunnova TEP 
Developer, LLC
Sunnova 
Intermediate 
Holdings, LLC
Loan- / Asset-
Backed Notes 
Holders
Sunnova Asset 
Portfolio 7 
Holdings, LLC
Sunnova EZ-
Own Portfolio, 
LLC
Debtor Entities
Third-Party Investors 
Corporate Unsecured Notes Silo
SLA Facility Silo
KKR Facility Silo
TEPH Facility Silo
SLA Facility
E. Government Incentives
45.
U.S. federal, state, territorial, and local governments have established various
incentives and financial mechanisms to reduce the cost and accelerate the adoption of solar energy. 
These include rebates, tax credits, and other financial incentives, such as payments for renewable 
energy credits associated with renewable energy generation, exclusion of solar energy systems and 
Case 25-90160   Document 17   Filed in TXSB on 06/09/25   Page 24 of 45

=== page 25 ===
25 
energy storage systems from property tax assessments, and net metering programs.14  Incentives 
make Solar Systems more attractive to some homeowners and business, enable Sunnova to charge 
lower prices for Solar Leases or PPAs, and attract sophisticated institutional investors to invest in 
the TEPs.  
1. 
SRECs and ITCs 
46. 
Among the government incentives, the SRECs and ITCs are particularly relevant 
to Sunnova’s businesses.  The majority of U.S. states, the District of Columbia, and Puerto Rico 
have implemented a renewable portfolio standard (“RPS”), which requires regulated electric 
utilities to generate or procure a specified percentage of total electricity delivered to customers in 
the state or territory from eligible renewable energy sources—such as solar energy systems—by 
specified dates.  Roughly one-third of states with RPS policies require a minimum portion of the 
RPS to be met by electricity generation from solar energy systems, with substantial penalties for 
non-compliance.  Electric utilities can meet their solar RPS requirements by purchasing solar 
renewable energy certificates (“SRECs”), which are minted through the production of each 
megawatt-hour of electricity generated by an eligible solar system.  SRECs are untethered to the 
Solar Systems that generate them, and in certain jurisdictions, SRECs may be sold through 
established markets. 
47. 
Sunnova’s TEPs mint SRECs monthly based on the energy generated by the TEPs’ 
Solar Assets.  In addition, Sunnova receives SRECs from Solar Assets it owns and through 
assignment of SRECs generated by customer-owned Solar Systems.  The sale of SRECs represents 
 
14  Net metering programs vary by utility and jurisdiction.  Some utilities charge a customer for only the power used 
net of all electricity produced by the customer’s Solar System, including the electricity the customer does not 
itself consume, while other utilities purchase excess power at lower rates than what they charge customers for the 
same electricity. 
Case 25-90160   Document 17   Filed in TXSB on 06/09/25   Page 25 of 45

=== page 26 ===
26 
an important source of revenue for the Company.  Sunnova hedges a portion of its expected SREC 
production under fixed-price forward contracts. 
48. 
Separately, the federal government provides ITCs for owners of solar energy 
projects.  The Inflation Reduction Act of 2022 (the “IRA”) extended the ITCs for eligible solar 
energy projects through at least 2032 and, depending on certain project specifications, the ITC 
percentage can range between 6 and 70 percent of eligible project costs.  In addition, the IRA also 
allows qualifying homeowners who purchase a residential solar energy system and/or energy 
storage system to apply up to 30 percent of the cost of installing the system as a credit against their 
U.S. federal income taxes, thereby returning a material portion of the purchase price of the 
residential solar energy system and/or energy storage system to homeowners.  As described above, 
the ITCs allow Sunnova to establish TEPs with sophisticated third-party institutional investors and 
use investors’ capital contributions to fund the costs of installing and commissioning Solar 
Systems. 
2. 
The DOE Guarantee and Grant 
49. 
Sunnova also works with the DOE to utilize various solar energy-related incentives.  
In September 2023, Sunnova entered into a loan guarantee arrangement with the DOE under 
Title XVII of the Energy Policy Act of 2005, pursuant to which the DOE agreed, subject to certain 
conditions, to guarantee up to $3.0 billion of aggregate obligations in a series of intercompany 
loans between Sunnova SPEs made in connection with the issuance of certain Loan-Backed Notes 
(the “DOE Guarantee”).  On May 22, 2025, Sunnova and the DOE amended the loan guarantee 
arrangement, reducing the amount of the DOE Guarantee to approximately $370 million.  As of 
the Petition Date, Sunnova has not drawn on the DOE Guarantee and does not expect to do so, 
given the degree to which the Hestia Notes—the only Securitizations backed by the DOE 
Guarantee—are over-collateralized. 
Case 25-90160   Document 17   Filed in TXSB on 06/09/25   Page 26 of 45

=== page 27 ===
27 
50. 
In December 2022, following natural disasters that left many homes in Puerto Rico 
without power for weeks and months, Congress appropriated funds to improve Puerto Rico’s 
electrical grid.  The DOE awarded Sunnova a $281.1 million grant from the Puerto Rico Energy 
Resilience Fund (the “DOE Fund”) to procure, design, and install Solar Systems for low- and 
moderate-income households in Puerto Rico.  Under this program, Sunnova takes conditional title 
to the installed Solar Systems and retains the ITCs generated by such Solar Systems, which it 
monetizes.  As of the Petition Date, Sunnova estimates it has installed—through its Dealers—more 
the 1,500 active Solar Systems in Puerto Rico on account of its grant from the DOE Fund. 
F. Changes to the Debtors’ Business Model Leading Up to the Petition Date 
51. 
As referenced above, and described in further detail below, Sunnova’s businesses 
have faced increasing macroeconomic and other headwinds in recent quarters.  These headwinds 
have constrained Sunnova’s available cash and led to large balances owed to Sunnova’s Dealer 
partners.  As a result of these balances, Sunnova’s Dealers have ceased new customer originations, 
and as of the Petition Date, Sunnova is not currently originating new Solar Leases, PPAs, or Solar 
Loans. 
52. 
Prior to the Petition Date, Sunnova commenced an operational restructuring to 
reshape its business model, with a focus on profitability and cash flow.  The Company reduced its 
workforce and divested from underperforming and non-core segments, including the origination 
of Solar Loans, the Company’s commercial-grade business, and the Company’s partnerships with 
homebuilders to install Solar Systems in newly constructed homes.  Collectively, these initiatives 
improved the Company’s position both with respect to its prepetition restructuring efforts and 
proposed sale process. 
Case 25-90160   Document 17   Filed in TXSB on 06/09/25   Page 27 of 45

=== page 28 ===
28 
II.
The Company’s Prepetition Capital Structure
53.
As of the Petition Date, the Company has approximately $8.9 billion in funded debt
obligations, comprising $2.0 billion of Debtor funded debt obligations and $6.9 billion of 
non-Debtor funded debt obligations.  The Debtors have approximately $13.5 million in available 
cash. 
Funded Debt 
Approximate 
Principal Amount Outstanding 
5.875% Senior Unsecured Notes 
$400 million 
11.75% Senior Unsecured Notes 
$400 million 
0.25% Convertible Senior Unsecured Notes 
$575 million 
2.625% Convertible Senior Unsecured Notes 
$600 million 
Total Debtor Funded Debt 
$1,975 million 
SLA Facility 
$172 million 
TEPH Facility 
$950 million 
BMB Facility 
$0.8 million 
KKR Facility 
$185 million 
Asset-Backed Notes 
$2,994 million 
Loan-Backed Notes 
$2,516 million 
AP8 Notes Payable 
$68 million 
Total Company Funded Debt 
$8,861 million 
A.
Senior Unsecured Notes
54.
Pursuant to that certain Indenture, dated August 17, 2021 (the “5.875% Senior
Notes Indenture”), by and among SEC, as issuer, SEI and Debtor Sunnova Intermediate Holdings, 
LLC (“Intermediate Holdings”), as guarantors, and Wilmington Trust, National Association 
(“Wilmington Trust”), as trustee, the Company issued 5.875% senior notes due October 1, 2026 
(the “5.875% Senior Notes”) with an aggregate principal amount of $400 million.  Pursuant to that 
certain Indenture, dated September 26, 2023 (the “11.75% Senior Notes Indenture”) by and among 
Case 25-90160   Document 17   Filed in TXSB on 06/09/25   Page 28 of 45

=== page 29 ===
29 
SEC, as issuer, SEI and Intermediate Holdings, as guarantors, and Wilmington Trust, as trustee, 
the Company issued 11.75% senior notes due October 1, 2028 (the “11.75% Senior Notes,” and 
together with the 5.875% Senior Notes, the “Senior Unsecured Notes”) with an aggregate principal 
amount of $400 million.  As of the Petition Date, the full principal amounts of the Senior 
Unsecured Notes remain outstanding. 
B. 
Convertible Senior Unsecured Notes 
55. 
Pursuant to that certain Indenture, dated May 20, 2021 (the “0.25% Convertible 
Notes Indenture”), by and between SEI, as issuer, and Wilmington Trust, as trustee, the Company 
issued 0.25% convertible senior notes due December 1, 2026 (the “0.25% Convertible Notes”) 
with an initial aggregate principal amount of $500 million and an option for the initial purchasers 
to acquire up to $75 million of additional notes.  Subject to certain conditions, the 0.25% 
Convertible Notes may be converted to Common Stock, at each holder’s election, at an initial rate 
of 28.9184 shares of Common Stock per $1,000 of notes (subject to certain adjustments).  As of 
the Petition Date, $575 million of the principal amount of the 0.25% Convertible Notes remains 
outstanding. 
56. 
Pursuant to that certain Indenture, dated August 19, 2022 (the “2.625% Convertible 
Notes Indenture”), by and between SEI, as issuer, and Wilmington Trust, as trustee, the Company 
issued 2.625% convertible senior notes due February 15, 2028 (the “2.625% Convertible Notes,” 
and together with the 0.25% Convertible Notes, the “Convertible Notes”) with an aggregate 
principal amount of $600 million.  Subject to certain conditions, the 2.625% Convertible Notes 
may be converted to Common Stock, at each holder’s election, at an initial rate of 29.2039 shares 
of Common Stock per $1,000 of notes (subject to certain adjustments).  As of the Petition Date, 
$600 million of the principal amount of the 2.625% Convertible Notes remains outstanding. 
Case 25-90160   Document 17   Filed in TXSB on 06/09/25   Page 29 of 45

=== page 30 ===
30 
C. 
Warehouse Facilities 
57. 
Certain non-Debtors are capitalized by the Warehouse Facilities—non-recourse 
revolving credit facilities secured by Solar Assets and Solar Loans.  Proceeds from the Warehouse 
Facilities are used to purchase Solar Assets and Solar Loans, fund working capital, and fund 
reserve amounts.15 
58. 
First, pursuant to that certain Third Amended and Restated Credit Agreement, dated 
March, 20, 2025 (as amended and restated from time to time, the “SLA Credit Agreement”), by 
and among EZOP, as borrower, SLA Management, as manager and servicer, non-Debtor Sunnova 
Asset Portfolio 7 Holdings, LLC (“SAP 7”), as seller, Atlas Securitized Products Administration, 
L.P. (“Atlas”), as administrative agent, the lenders and other financial institutions from time to 
time party thereto, as lenders (in such capacity, the “SLA Lenders”), the funding agents from time 
to time party thereto, Computershare Trust Company, National Association (“Computershare”), 
as paying agent, and U.S. Bank, National Association (“U.S. Bank”), as custodian, the Company 
has access to a $550 million revolving credit facility (the “SLA Facility”).  The SLA Facility 
provides for an interest rate of 6.95% and matures on February 20, 2026. 
59. 
Proceeds from the SLA Facility are used primarily to originate Solar Loans via 
SAP 7.  EZOP contributes the acquired Solar Loans to Intermediate Holdings, which then sells the 
Solar Loans to SPEs that issue Loan-Backed Notes.  The SLA Facility is secured by substantially 
all EZOP’s assets, including any Solar Loans purchased from Dealers that have not yet been 
 
15  In addition to the three Warehouse Facilities described below, the Company was party to a $50 million revolving 
credit facility (the “IS Facility”) that funded the Company’s purchase of energy storage systems and was secured 
by assets at non-Debtors Sunnova Inventory Supply, LLC and Sunnova Inventory Supply Holdings, LLC.  The 
Debtors’ obligations under the IS Facility were fully satisfied on May 8, 2025, and the facility was retired. 
Case 25-90160   Document 17   Filed in TXSB on 06/09/25   Page 30 of 45

=== page 31 ===
31 
securitized, and EZOP’s performance under the SLA Facility is partially guaranteed, on an 
unsecured basis, by SEC.16 
60. 
Second, pursuant to that certain Second Amended and Restated Credit Agreement, 
dated November 3, 2023 (as amended and restated from time to time, the “TEPH Credit 
Agreement”), by and among TEPH, as borrower, non-Debtor Sunnova TE Management, LLC, as 
facility administrator, Atlas, as administrative agent, the lenders from time to time party thereto, 
as lenders, the funding agents from time to time party thereto, as funding agents, Computershare, 
as paying agent, and U.S. Bank as verification agent, the Company has access to a $1.675 billion 
back leverage revolving credit facility (the “TEPH Facility”).  The TEPH Facility provides for an 
interest rate of 8.08% and matures on August 20, 2026. 
61. 
Proceeds from the TEPH Facility are used primarily to purchase Solar Assets from 
Dealers via TEP Developer.  As further described above, TEP Developer primarily sells Solar 
Assets—specifically, inactive Solar Systems—to TEPs, and when a TEP is closed, Sunnova sells 
its interest in the TEP’s Class B Member to an SPE that issues Asset-Backed Notes.  The TEPH 
Facility is secured by the Company’s class B membership interests in seven open, non-securitized 
TEPs and certain Solar Assets held by non-Debtor Sunnova SAP IV, LLC (“SAP IV”).  TEPH’s 
performance under the TEPH Facility is partially guaranteed, on an unsecured basis, by SEC. 
62. 
Finally, pursuant to that certain Master Revolving Loan Agreement, dated 
December 27, 2023 (the “Sunnova BMB Credit Agreement”), by and among non-Debtor Sunnova 
 
16  On March 20, 2025, EZOP and other parties to the SLA Credit Agreement entered into that certain Third 
Amended and Restated Credit Agreement which, among other things, (a) reduced the funding commitments under 
the SLA Facility to $0, (b) removed any obligation of any SLA Lender to make any advance, other than advances 
in such SLA Lender’s sole discretion, (c) removed the ability of EZOP to request any increases to the aggregate 
commitments under the SLA Facility, and (d) required EZOP to acquire additional Solar Loans, make certain 
payments to the Dealers, and complete certain take-out transactions involving a substantial majority of the 
aggregate eligible Solar Loans. 
Case 25-90160   Document 17   Filed in TXSB on 06/09/25   Page 31 of 45

=== page 32 ===
32 
Business Markets Borrower, LLC, (“Sunnova BMB”), as borrower, the “Project Companies” from 
time to time party thereto, as guarantors, the lenders from time to time party thereto, as lenders, 
Mitsubishi HC Capital America, Inc., as administrative agent, and Three Keys Capital Advisors, 
LLC, as arranger, the Company has access to a $25 million revolving credit facility (the “BMB 
Facility”).  The BMB Facility provides for an interest rate of 8.22%, and it matures on 
December 27, 2025.  The BMB Facility is secured by substantially all Sunnova BMB’s assets and 
non-Debtor Sunnova Business Markets Holdings’ equity interests in Sunnova BMB.  The BMB 
Facility is guaranteed by non-Debtor Sunnova Commercial Solar Asset Owner, LLC, Sunnova 
BMB’s wholly owned subsidiary, and Sunnova BMB’s performance under the BMB Facility is 
partially guaranteed by SEC.  Historically, proceeds from the BMB Facility were used to finance 
the construction of commercial-grade Solar Systems, but as noted above, Sunnova has begun to 
divest from its commercial business. 
D. 
Term Loan 
63. 
Pursuant to that certain Term Loan Agreement, dated March 2, 2025 (the “KKR 
Credit Agreement”), by and among non-Debtor Sunnova Solstice Borrower, LLC (“Sunnova 
Borrower”), as borrower, the lenders from time to time party thereto—currently, KKR Credit 
Advisers (US) LLC, on behalf of certain funds and accounts managed or advised by it and its 
affiliates (“KKR”)—as lenders, and Wilmington Trust, as agent, the Company borrowed the full 
amount under the $185 million KKR Facility.  The KKR Facility provides for an interest rate of 
15.00% (subject to a 1.3x minimum multiple on invested capital) and matures on March 6, 2028.  
As of the Petition Date, the full principal amount remains outstanding.  The KKR Facility is 
secured by (a) 100% of non-Debtor Sunnova Solstice Pledgor, LLC’s equity interests in Sunnova 
Borrower, (b) substantially all assets of Sunnova Borrower, including 100% of its equity interests 
Case 25-90160   Document 17   Filed in TXSB on 06/09/25   Page 32 of 45

=== page 33 ===
33 
in non-Debtor Sunnova Solstice Holdings, LLC (“Solstice Holdings”), (c) substantially all assets 
of Solstice Holdings, including its class A equity interests in non-Debtor Sunnova Solstice ABS 
Holdco, LLC (“ABS Holdco I”) and 100% of its equity interests in non-Debtor Sunnova Solstice 
ABS Holdco II, LLC (“ABS Holdco II”), (d) substantially all assets of ABS Holdco I, including 
its class A interests in eleven non-Debtor “Holdings” SPEs that are the indirect parents of eleven 
Issuers of Asset-Backed Notes and Loan-Backed Notes,17 (e) substantially all assets of ABS 
Holdco II, including its equity interests in a separate group of non-Debtor “Holdings” SPEs 
(the “ABS II Holdings SPEs”) that are the indirect parents of twelve Issuers of Asset-Backed Notes 
and Loan-Backed Notes (the “ABS II Issuers”), and (f) substantially all assets of the ABS II 
Holdings SPEs, including their equity interests in certain “Depositor” and “Investor” SPEs that are 
the indirect, and in some cases the direct, parents of the ABS II Issuers.  In short, the KKR Facility 
is secured by all or most of the residual distributions to which the Issuers entitled under 
twenty-three Securitizations had been entitled to receive prior to the incurrence of the KKR Facility 
and by pledges of equity interests in certain non-Debtor holdings companies for such 
Securitizations and in certain other non-Debtor subsidiaries of Sunnova Borrower. 
E. 
Asset-Backed Notes and Loan-Backed Notes 
64. 
Sunnova has issued five groups of Securitizations: two groups of Loan-Backed 
Notes (the Helios Notes and Hestia Notes) and three groups of Asset-Backed Notes (the Sol Notes, 
the RAYS Notes, and the Aurora Notes). 
 
17  While ABS Holdco I also owns the class B interests in the same eleven Holdings LLCs, such class B interests are 
not collateral under the KKR Facility and are pledged to non-Debtor Sunnova Solstice RR Holdco, LLC instead.  
These class B interests are subject to a negative pledge under the KKR Facility and are therefore unencumbered.  
Case 25-90160   Document 17   Filed in TXSB on 06/09/25   Page 33 of 45

=== page 34 ===
34 
1. 
Helios Notes 
65. 
Pursuant to various indentures, dated from 2018 to 2024, by and between each of 
Sunnova Helios II–XIV Issuer, LLC, as applicable, as issuers, and Computershare (as successor 
to Wells Fargo, National Association (“Wells Fargo”)) or Wilmington Trust, as applicable 
indenture trustee, Sunnova has thirteen outstanding series of Helios notes (collectively, the “Helios 
Notes”).18  Approximate amounts outstanding under each series of Helios Notes range from $85 
million to $255 million and interest rates range from 1.6% to 8.0%.  The Helios Notes have terms 
between 27 and 29 years and mature between 2046 and 2051.  The notes issued by Sunnova Helios 
II Issuer, LLC are secured by Solar Assets.  The remaining series of Helios Notes are secured by 
Solar Loans held by the respective Issuer SPEs. 
2. Hestia Notes 
66. 
Pursuant to that certain Indenture, dated November 8, 2023, by and between 
Sunnova Hestia I Issuer, LLC (the “Hestia I Issuer”), as issuer, and Wilmington Trust, as indenture 
trustee, Sunnova issued a series of Hestia notes (the “Hestia I Notes”).  Pursuant to that certain 
Indenture, dated June 5, 2024, by and between Sunnova Hestia II Issuer, LLC (the “Hestia II 
Issuer,” and together with the Hestia I Issuer, the “Hestia Issuers”), as issuer, and Wilmington 
Trust, as indenture trustee, Sunnova issued a second series of Hestia notes (the “Hestia II Notes,” 
and together with the Hestia I Notes, the “Hestia Notes”).  The Hestia Notes are partially and 
indirectly guaranteed by the DOE Guarantee.  Approximately $220 million is outstanding under 
the Hestia I Notes, which mature in 2050, with interest rates ranging from 5.75% to 8.25.19  
Approximately $160 million is outstanding under the Hestia II Notes, which mature in 2051, with 
 
18  Sunnova previously issued a fourteenth series of Helios Notes (the “Helios I Notes”) that are no longer 
outstanding. 
19  5.75% for Class 1-A Notes and 8.25% for Class 2-A Notes. 
Case 25-90160   Document 17   Filed in TXSB on 06/09/25   Page 34 of 45

=== page 35 ===
35 
interest rates ranging from 5.63% to 9.5%.20  Each Hestia Note is secured by an intercompany loan 
between a “Lender” SPE that is a subsidiary of a Hestia Issuer, and a “Borrower” SPE that is a 
subsidiary of the Lender SPE and the owner of the Solar Loans.  The intercompany loan is partially 
guaranteed by the DOE Guarantee such that to the extent customer payments on the Solar Loans 
are not sufficient to cover certain principal and interest obligations in the Hestia Notes priority 
waterfall, the DOE will cover the shortfall. 
3. Sol Notes 
67. 
Pursuant to various indentures, dated 2020 to 2025, by and between each of 
Sunnova Sol I–IX Issuer, LLC, as issuers, and Computershare (as successor to Wells Fargo) or 
Wilmington Trust, as applicable indenture trustee, Sunnova has issued nine series of Sol notes 
(collectively, the “Sol Notes”).  Approximate amounts outstanding under each series of Sol Notes 
range from $215 million to $330 million, and interest rates range from 2.6% to 9.0%.  The Sol 
Notes have terms between 29 and 30 years and mature between 2055 and 2060.  The Sol Notes 
are secured by the respective Sol Issuers’ interests in certain TEP Class B Members. 
4. RAYS Notes 
68. 
Pursuant to that certain Indenture, dated March 28, 2019 (as supplemented by that 
certain Indenture Supplement No. 1, dated March 28, 2019 and by that certain Indenture 
Supplement No. 2, dated June 7, 2019), by and between Sunnova RAYS I Issuer, LLC (the “RAYS 
Issuer”), as issuer, and Wilmington Trust, as indenture trustee, Sunnova has issued one series of 
RAYS notes (the “RAYS Notes”).  Approximately $105 million is outstanding under the RAYS 
 
20  5.63% for the Class 1-A Notes and 9.50% for the Class 2-A Notes. 
Case 25-90160   Document 17   Filed in TXSB on 06/09/25   Page 35 of 45

=== page 36 ===
36 
Notes, and interest rates range from 4.95% to 6.35%.21  The RAYS Notes mature in 2034 and are 
secured by the RAYS Issuer’s membership interests in Sunnova TEP I Manager, LLC. 
5. Aurora Notes 
69. 
Pursuant to that certain Indenture, dated December 19, 2024, by and between 
Sunnova Aurora I Issuer, LLC (the “Aurora Issuer”), as issuer, and Wilmington Trust, as indenture 
trustee, Sunnova has issued one series of Aurora notes (the “Aurora Notes”).  Approximately 
$150 million is outstanding under the Aurora Notes, and interest rates range from 6.50% to 
11.00%.22  The Aurora Notes mature in 2059 and are secured by Aurora Issuer’s membership 
interests in certain TEP Class B Members. 
70. 
In connection with the Aurora Notes, non-Debtor Sunnova Asset Portfolio 8, LLC 
(“SAP 8”) entered into that certain Loan Agreement, dated December 19, 2024, with Banco 
Popular De Puerto Rico (“BP PR”) as initial lender and administrative agent, pursuant to which 
SAP 8 is the borrower of a $75 million term loan (the “AP8 Notes”).  The AP8 Notes carry the 
same interest rates, mature at the same time, and are secured by the same Solar Assets in the same 
TEPs as the Aurora Notes, so as to enable BP PR to obtain the benefits of holding $75 million of 
Aurora Notes without actually holding them.  In connection with the AP8 Notes, the Aurora Issuer 
withheld $75 million of Aurora Notes in the offering, and the proceeds of the AP8 Notes were 
distributed upstream to SEC to fund general working capital. 
G. Equity 
71. 
SEI’s second amended and restated certificate of incorporation authorizes its board 
of directors (the “Board”) to issue 1 billion shares of common stock, par value $0.0001 per share 
 
21  4.95% for Class A Notes and 6.35% for Class B Notes. 
22  6.50% for Class A Notes, 6.70% for Class B Notes, and 11.00% for Class C Notes. 
Case 25-90160   Document 17   Filed in TXSB on 06/09/25   Page 36 of 45

=== page 37 ===
37 
(the “Common Stock”), and 10 million shares of preferred stock, par value $0.0001 per share 
(the “Preferred Stock”).  Approximately 126 million shares of Common Stock and 200,000 shares 
of Series D Preferred Stock are outstanding as of the Petition Date.23  The Common Stock trades 
on the NYSE under the ticker symbol “NOVA.”24 
III. 
Events Leading to the Commencement of the Chapter 11 Cases 
72. 
By 2018, Sunnova was one of the largest participants in the TPO residential solar 
market.  But despite the Company’s success driving customer growth, in 2024, a diminished 
appetite for new tax equity financing and limited opportunities for profitable originations forced 
the Company to moderate its growth targets.  This downturn placed further pressure on the 
Company’s already stressed cost structure, which had weathered stubbornly high interest rates.  
Further, the Company’s years-long growth spurt had strained its ability to effectively manage 
operating costs and debt service, resulting in higher-than-expected cash outflows, an erosion of its 
remaining liquidity, and ultimately, the filing of these chapter 11 cases. 
73. 
Due to the factors discussed below, the Company experienced a swift decline in 
financial performance and was unable to raise the financing it relied on to support its operations.  
This put significant strain on its businesses.  On March 3, 2025, the Company filed its Annual 
Report on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2024, which included a warning that 
 
23  On March 28, the Company announced it had taken actions to preserve its net operating losses and other tax 
attributes.  Specifically, the Company declared a dividend of one preferred share purchase right (a “Right”) for 
each share of Common Stock, which allows the applicable registered holder to purchase from the Company one 
one-thousandth of a share of Preferred Stock at a price of $3.00.  The Rights trade with the Company’s Common 
Stock and will generally become exercisable only if a person (or any persons acting as a group) acquires 
4.9 percent or more of the Company’s outstanding Common Stock.  If the Rights become exercisable, all holders 
of Rights (other than any triggering person) will be entitled to acquire shares of Common Stock at a 50 percent 
discount, or the Company may exchange each Right held by such holders for one share of Common Stock.  No 
Rights have been exercised as of the Petition Date. 
24  Since April 2025, the Company has received notifications from the NYSE that subject to certain conditions, the 
Company’s stock may be delisted due to (a) its trading price dropping below $1.00 per share for thirty consecutive 
days and (b) the postponed filing of its Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q for the quarter ended March 31, 2025. 
Case 25-90160   Document 17   Filed in TXSB on 06/09/25   Page 37 of 45

=== page 38 ===
38 
“substantial doubt exist[ed] regarding [its] ability to continue as a going concern for a period of at 
least one year from the date [it] issue[d] consolidated financial statements” (the “Going Concern 
Warning”).  The Going Concern Warning prompted certain third-party TEP investors to withdraw 
their capital commitments to open TEPs, demonstrating the challenges the Company faced raising 
any additional TEP financing outside a broader restructuring scenario. 
A. 
Demand Downturn and Rising Costs 
74. 
In late 2021, in response to inflation rising to levels not seen since 1981, central 
banks around the world began raising interest rates.  Since then, the United States Federal Reserve 
has raised its benchmark short-term rate eleven times since March 2022, reaching a target federal 
funds rate of 5.25 to 5.5% in July 2023, its highest level since 2001.  While the Federal Reserve 
has since lowered the benchmark short-term rate to between 4.25% and 4.5%, the rate is almost 
double any corresponding short-term rate over the last ten years. 
75. 
Demand for residential solar projects is strongly affected by increases in interest 
rates.  As further described above, given the high up-front costs of installing rooftop solar panels 
at personal residences, such investments are almost always financed (a) on the front-end by 
customers, through consumer loans for the purchase of Solar Systems or (b) on the back-end by 
the Company, through the payment of upfront costs to purchase and install Solar Systems and the 
subsequent collection of payments from leases and/or PPAs.  Rising interest rates therefore result 
in higher costs to customers, either borne directly through borrowing costs, or indirectly through 
higher lease/PPA payments, which the Company requires to sustain its cost structure.  
Accordingly, higher interest rates directly reduce customer demand for Sunnova’s products and 
services. 
Case 25-90160   Document 17   Filed in TXSB on 06/09/25   Page 38 of 45

=== page 39 ===
39 
76. 
Rising interest rates also affect the Company’s costs.  Sunnova’s business model is 
capital-intensive, and an increase in the cost of capital affects both the cost of the Company’s 
existing debt and the Company’s ability to raise future capital.  As benchmark interest rates have 
increased, the rates at which the Company has financed new originations have risen dramatically.  
In June 2021, the Company raised the Sol III Asset-Backed Notes at a 2.8% interest rate.  That 
rate more than doubled to 6.8% three years later, when the Company raised the Sol VI 
Asset-Backed Notes.  These skyrocketing interest rates both limited the Company’s access to new 
capital—crucial to the origination of new Solar Systems—and resulted in a significant and 
continuing diminution of its available working capital. 
B. Misaligned Cost Structure 
77. 
The macroeconomic factors described above revealed weak spots in Sunnova’s 
business model.  From its inception, the Company prioritized growth first.  This approach allowed 
the Company to navigate the competitive, fragmented residential solar industry and become a 
leader in the space.  However, a cost structure that was suited to such a strategy was not suited to 
a recessionary environment characterized by high interest rates and regulatory uncertainty.  
Specifically, the mismatch between the Company’s overhead and servicing costs on one hand and 
its operating environment on the other is a primary driver of the Company’s liquidity contraction 
over the last few years.  Despite the Company’s meaningful efforts to reduce net operating 
expenses, its cost structure has continued to constrain its ability to manage working capital 
effectively.  
C. Regulatory Uncertainty 
78. 
The Company’s existing business model, like that of many participants in the solar 
industry, is reliant on rebates, tax credits, and other incentives from federal, state, and local 
Case 25-90160   Document 17   Filed in TXSB on 06/09/25   Page 39 of 45

=== page 40 ===
40 
governments.  Substantial regulatory changes and uncertainty have put further pressure on both 
demand for the Company’s products and the Company’s ability to effectively raise capital.  
79. 
Tax equity financing has provided the Company with billions in capital since its 
inception and is a crucial source of funding for the purchase of Solar Assets.  Such financing is 
highly reliant on investor counterparties utilizing ITCs to offset their profits.  TEP financing was 
further boosted by the IRA, which permitted the sale of ITCs. 
80. 
The current presidential administration has indicated that continued subsidization 
of the solar industry, and the industry’s overall success, are not federal government priorities, as 
compared with the President’s stated goals of reducing the price of fossil-fuel-based electricity.  
Accordingly, the President has issued an executive order freezing further spending approved as 
part of the IRA.  Exec. Order No. 14154 (“Unleashing American Energy”).  While this executive 
order was subsequently enjoined by a court order, see Woonasquatucket et al. v. Department of 
Agriculture et al., Case No. 1:25-CV-0097, ECF 45 (D. R.I. Apr. 15, 2025), the administration’s 
actions have created uncertainty concerning the future availability and effectiveness of federal tax 
credits relating to renewable energy production.  In light of this uncertainty, the tax equity market 
has tightened, reducing the availability of a crucial source of the Company’s funding. 
81. 
State-level regulatory changes have put additional pressure on demand for the 
Company’s product and service offerings.  In particular, California—one of the Company’s largest 
markets—has implemented new regulations which limit “net metering,” a practice whereby 
consumers sell excess electricity generated by solar panels back into the grid.  Consequently, 
Californians who purchased—and continue to purchase—solar panels after April 2023 need to 
install energy storage technology to avoid wasting excess electricity generated by their solar 
Case 25-90160   Document 17   Filed in TXSB on 06/09/25   Page 40 of 45

=== page 41 ===
41 
systems.  While high utility costs continue to drive demand in California, such regulations have 
nonetheless deterred potential customers. 
D. Amendment of the SLA Facility and Interest Grace Period 
82. 
On March 20, 2025, the Company and the lenders under the SLA Facility amended 
the SLA Credit Agreement (such amendment, the “SLA Amendment”) to (a) reduce lender 
commitments under the SLA Facility, (b) remove lender obligations to advance additional funds 
under the SLA Facility, and (c) modify other key terms under the SLA Credit Agreement.  On 
March 26, 2025, the Company filed a Current Report on Form 8-K announcing the SLA 
Amendment and its intention to further amend the SLA Facility, including restructuring or 
replacing the SLA Facility through a “take-out” transaction. 
83. 
On April 1, 2025, the Company filed a Current Report on Form 8-K announcing its 
election to defer its approximately $23.5 million interest payment due April 1, 2025, under the 
11.75% Senior Notes.  The 11.75% Senior Notes Indenture provides for a 30-day grace period 
(which expired May 1, 2025) to make the scheduled interest payment before such non-payment 
constituted an “Event of Default,” entitling the indenture’s trustee or the holders of at least 30% 
the outstanding 11.75% Senior Notes to accelerate the maturity thereof.  On May 2, 2025, the 
Company entered a forbearance agreement (the “Forbearance Agreement”) with the holders of its 
Senior Unsecured Notes, pursuant to which holders of the 11.75% Senior Notes agreed to forbear 
from exercising any remedies under the 11.75% Senior Notes Indenture triggered by the missed 
interest payment and holders of the 5.875% Senior Notes agreed to forbear from exercising any 
remedies under the 5.875% Senior Notes Indenture triggered a cross-default with the 
11.75% Senior Notes.  On May 8, May 16, May 22, and May 29, 2025, respectively, the Company 
announced extensions of the Forbearance Agreement. 
Case 25-90160   Document 17   Filed in TXSB on 06/09/25   Page 41 of 45

=== page 42 ===
42 
E. Default Under SLA Facility and TEPH Facility 
84. 
On April 21, 2025, Atlas, as administrative agent under the TEPH Facility, sent the 
Company a notice of default under the TEPH Facility (the “TEPH Default Notice”), claiming 
(a) the Company did not (i) take steps to protect Company entities providing O&M Services and 
Asset Administration Services under the TEPH Facility from the bankruptcy of certain Company 
affiliates or (ii) engage backup providers of O&M Services and Asset Administration Services, in 
each case by March 31, 2025, as required by the TEPH Credit Agreement, and (b) there existed a 
continued borrowing base deficiency under the TEPH Facility due to the presence of purportedly 
ineligible Solar Assets in the TEPH Facility borrowing base.  Accordingly, Atlas exercised its 
proxy to replace Ms. Liska and me with Messrs. John Dubel and Gilbert Nathan as members of 
the TEPH’s board of directors and amended TEPH’s LLC agreement to provide that the newly 
appointed directors must consider only the interests of TEPH and its creditors in discharging their 
fiduciary duties.  The TEPH Default Notice further stated that, as a result of the alleged defaults, 
the TEPH Facility lender commitments were terminated, the Company would be charged a higher 
interest rate, and Atlas may exercise certain remedies, including exercising control over certain 
Company bank accounts and replacing TE Management as manager and servicer. 
85. 
On April 22, 2025, Atlas, as administrative agent under the SLA Facility, sent the 
Company a notice of default under the SLA Facility (the “SLA Default Notice”), claiming the 
Company did not remit (a) $5.6 million in payments to Dealers by April 3, 2025 or (b) $0.6 million 
in payments to Dealers and $163 million in take-out payments to the SLA Facility lenders by 
April 21, 2025, as required by the SLA Credit Agreement and the SLA Amendment.  The SLA 
Default Notice further stated that, as a result of the alleged defaults, the SLA Facility lender 
commitments were terminated, the Company would be charged a higher interest rate, and Atlas 
Case 25-90160   Document 17   Filed in TXSB on 06/09/25   Page 42 of 45

=== page 43 ===
43 
may pursue additional remedies, including applying all distributions from the Solar Loans 
collateralizing the SLA Facility to obligations outstanding under the SLA Facility. 
IV. 
Prepetition Restructuring Initiatives 
86. 
To help navigate these macroeconomic challenges, the Company undertook a series 
of efforts to support its liquidity and maximize the value of its businesses for the benefit of all 
stakeholders.  The Company explored various in- and out-of-court restructuring alternatives, which 
culminated with the filing of these chapter 11 cases and the decisions to execute the TEPH 
Transactions and proceed with the Sale Process. 
87. 
On March 5, 2025, I was elevated from Chief Operating Officer to the role of CEO, 
replacing the Company’s founder, John Berger.  On April 1, 2025, the Company announced the 
appointment of Robyn Liska to the role of CFO.  Ms. Liska and I have prioritized reforming the 
Company’s approach to its operational footprint with a focus on profitability and cash flow.  The 
Company has suspended originations of Solar Assets and Solar Loans in an effort to focus on 
servicing its existing Solar Assets and Solar Loans.  In addition to reducing primary overhead 
costs, the Company made the extraordinarily difficult decision to reduce its workforce by more 
than 50 percent.  These changes led to significant expense savings, including a more than 
30 percent reduction in service overhead costs per customer, even while the Company improved 
customer satisfaction scores and reduced its volume of outstanding service inquiries. 
88. 
On April 11, 2025, the Board appointed two experienced and disinterested 
directors—Jeffrey Stein and Anthony Horton—and appointed them to a newly-formed special 
committee (the “Special Committee”).  The Board delegated to the Special Committee, among 
other things:  (a) non-exclusive authority to review, discuss, consider, negotiate, and make one or 
more recommendations to the Board regarding the Company’s entry into or consummation of any 
Case 25-90160   Document 17   Filed in TXSB on 06/09/25   Page 43 of 45

=== page 44 ===
44 
restructuring, reorganization and/or other recapitalization transaction; (b) authority to investigate 
and determine whether any matter related to such a transaction constitutes a matter in which a 
conflict of interest exists or is reasonably likely to exist between the Company, on one hand, and 
any of its related parties, including current and former directors, managers, officers, equity holders, 
employees, advisors, and certain other parties, on the other hand (each, a “Conflicts Matter”), and 
to bind the Company in connection therewith; (c) exclusive authority to take certain actions with 
respect to any Conflicts Matter; and (d)  authority to conduct all investigations and analyses related 
to any Conflicts Matter and to bind the Company in connection therewith.25 
 
 
 
25  See the Omohundro Declaration for further details regarding the activities of the Special Committee. 
Case 25-90160   Document 17   Filed in TXSB on 06/09/25   Page 44 of 45

=== page 45 ===
45 
Pursuant to 28 U.S.C. § 1746, I declare under penalty of perjury that the foregoing 
statements are true and correct to the best of my knowledge, information, and belief. 
Dated:  June 9, 2025 
 
/s/ Paul Mathews 
 
 
Name:  Paul Mathews 
 
 
Title:    President and Chief Executive Officer 
 
 
 Sunnova Energy International Inc.  
 
Case 25-90160   Document 17   Filed in TXSB on 06/09/25   Page 45 of 45

