=== page 1 ===
Case 26-90737   Document 18   Filed in TXSB on 07/27/26   Page 1 of 78

IN THE UNITED STATES BANKRUPTCY COURT

FOR THE SOUTHERN DISTRICT OF TEXAS

HOUSTON DIVISION

) 
 
In re: 
) 
Chapter 11 
 
) 
 
REPUBLIC NATIONAL DISTRIBUTING 
COMPANY, LLC, et al.,1

) 
) 
Case No. 26-90737 (CML)

) 
 
 
 
 
Debtors. 
) 
(Joint Administration Requested) 
 
)

DECLARATION OF JOHN R. CASTELLANO,  
CHIEF RESTRUCTURING OFFICER OF REPUBLIC NATIONAL  
DISTRIBUTING COMPANY, LLC AND ITS DEBTOR AFFILIATES, IN SUPPORT

OF THE DEBTORS’ CHAPTER 11 PETITIONS AND FIRST DAY MOTIONS

I, John R. Castellano, hereby declare under penalty of perjury:

2

3 is a family-founded company started

1. 
Republic National Distributing Company

more than 125 years ago—namely, four family businesses that came together to ultimately become

the nation’s second largest alcohol beverage distributor.

2. 
It all began in 1898 when Newman Goldring, an immigrant

from Eastern Europe, founded N. Goldring Corporation (“NGC”).  Based

in Pensacola, Florida, NGC became the first licensed beer distributor in

Florida, growing over the next several decades well beyond what

1 
A complete list of each of the Debtors in these chapter 11 cases may be obtained on the website of the Debtors’ 
proposed claims and noticing agent at https://omniagentsolutions.com/RNDC.  The location of Debtor Republic 
National Distributing Company, LLC’s principal place of business and the Debtors’ service address in these 
chapter 11 cases is 4300 Wildwood Parkway, Suite 200, Atlanta, GA 30339.

2  
Capitalized terms not immediately defined herein have the meanings ascribed to them later in this declaration 
(this “Declaration”).

3  
“RNDC” or the “Company” refers to Republic National Distributing Company, LLC, together with its direct and 
indirect subsidiaries and certain of its affiliates.  “Debtors” refers to Republic National Distributing 
Company, LLC and its Debtor affiliates listed on Exhibit A attached hereto.

=== page 2 ===
Case 26-90737   Document 18   Filed in TXSB on 07/27/26   Page 2 of 78

Goldring ever anticipated.  In 1919, however, it seemed his burgeoning business would come to

an early end as Prohibition ceased operations.  But the impact of Prohibition proved only

temporary; following its repeal in 1933, Goldring reopened with the help of his son in 1939.

3. 
Like Newman Goldring, others saw the repeal of Prohibition as an opportunity to

provide relief from the depths of the Great Depression.

Chris Carlos, an immigrant from Greece who spoke

little English, knew nothing of the alcohol industry and

had no 
money. 
 
Nonetheless, 
two 
years

post-Prohibition, Chris Carlos founded the Dixie Wine

Company in Atlanta, Georgia.

4. 
At the same time, Al Davis, a young alcohol salesman from New York, was making

a name for himself across the southeast.  After finding success working for distributors in the

southeast and Chicago, Al Davis approached Chris Carlos, and together they grew the Dixie Wine

Company.  In 1942, the pair formed a new jointly-owned alcohol distribution company known as

National Distributing Company, Inc. (“NDC”), with Carlos running the finances and Davis

focusing on sales.

5. 
In San Antonio, Texas, Edward Block had similar

aspirations of succeeding in the liquor distribution business based

on his familiarity with the industry as a route-salesman for a

liquor distributor.  Block went on to form his own alcohol

distribution company—Block Distributing Company (“BDC”)—

with just one delivery truck and a small warehouse in 1939.

2

=== page 3 ===
Case 26-90737   Document 18   Filed in TXSB on 07/27/26   Page 3 of 78

6. 
Over the next few decades, the Goldring, Block, Carlos, and Davis families actively

developed and cultivated their respective businesses, building personal relationships with suppliers

and customers.  These relationships—first established by the

founders and later carried forward by their children—are

critical to the success of a distributor, which serves as a

middleman between suppliers of alcohol (distilleries, wineries,

breweries, etc.) and the ultimate customers (bars, restaurants, retail stores, etc.).  Al Davis, for

example, continued to travel and meet personally with suppliers and customers well into the

1980s—nearly 50 years after he first entered the industry—because face-to-face interaction and

personal attention from ownership were not merely courtesies, but central to how the business

operated and trust was maintained.  This hands-on, relationship-driven approach became a defining

characteristic of each company’s culture and allowed all three to expand in both size and

geography.  By the early 1990s, NGC had operations in approximately ten states, NDC had

operations in approximately eight states, and BDC had expanded throughout much of Texas.

7. 
Each of NGC, BDC, and NDC applied this same relationship-driven philosophy to

their employees, or “associates” as they are called—a term that reflected the founders’ view that

employees are partners in building the business, not merely hired labor.  The impact of this culture

was (and is) undeniable:  associates remained with the companies for decades.  The ability to retain

and grow this talent over time was a testament to the supportive corporate culture the founding

families cultivated within each of their companies.

8. 
In 1997, the Block and Goldring

families—who had developed a strong friendship over

the years—formally combined their businesses to create

3

=== page 4 ===
Case 26-90737   Document 18   Filed in TXSB on 07/27/26   Page 4 of 78

Republic Beverage Company (“RBC”).  A decade later, amid broader industry consolidation,

RBC and NDC merged nearly all of their businesses to create RNDC.

9. 
Following the merger, RNDC grew steadily for a number of years through a series

of strategic acquisitions and partnerships with established suppliers.  At its height, RNDC achieved

annual revenue of approximately $12 billion and maintained operations in nearly 40 states, serving

as a vital link between approximately 2,000 suppliers and 170,000 customers in the purchase,

transport, and sale of approximately 390,000 cases of alcohol per day.  RNDC remained under the

stewardship of the Block, Goldring, Davis, and Carlos families, with several descendants of the

original founders working for the Company and serving on its board.  This growth was made

possible by the personal relationships developed with suppliers and customers alike and a

workforce built over generations.  RNDC formerly employed more than 10,000 people, many of

whom began their careers at NGC, BDC, or NDC years or decades before the 2007 merger.

10. 
All of this success, however, could not shield RNDC from the immense challenges

facing the entire alcohol industry in the aftermath of the COVID-19 pandemic.  During the first

two years of the pandemic, alcohol consumption spiked, and distributors like RNDC raced to meet

the unprecedented demand.  When bars and restaurants closed, consumers increasingly purchased

alcohol at stores and through delivery services for in-home consumption.  But when the pandemic

began to subside in late 2022, alcohol sales precipitously declined, and distributors were left with

significant excess inventory that has yet to normalize.  Efforts to close the destocking gap were

frustrated by a sustained period of elevated interest rates, inflation, increasing labor costs, and

supply chain delays.  On top of these obstacles, consumer preferences dramatically shifted—

Americans began drinking less, and younger generations began opting for more health-conscious

4

=== page 5 ===
Case 26-90737   Document 18   Filed in TXSB on 07/27/26   Page 5 of 78

alcohol alternatives.  Notably, 2023 marked the first year in nearly three decades that overall

alcohol sales volumes declined.

4

11. 
Making matters worse, as the industry landscape shifted, so too did RNDC’s

relationships with its suppliers.  The same headwinds impacting distributors—declining

consumption, inventory overhangs, and margin compression—were likewise impacting suppliers

who were increasingly focused on their own bottom lines.  From late 2022 through 2025, RNDC

lost several key suppliers that together accounted for more than $3 billion in annual revenue.  These

losses placed substantial pressure on the business and reduced the Company’s ability to generate

positive free cash flow.  At the same time, suppliers that did not terminate began extracting more

onerous contractual terms.  In many instances, maintaining key relationships required the

Company to accept materially less favorable arrangements.  For example, the renewal of one of

the Company’s key contracts resulted in an approximate $50 million reduction in gross profit

simply for re-signing the contract.  Sensing that RNDC had become vulnerable, other distributors

seized on the opportunity to increase market share by offering aggressive, more favorable terms to

the Company’s suppliers, which intensified margin compression across the entire industry.

12. 
RNDC also faced headwinds unique to the California market, which is the largest

market for alcohol sales in the United States.  Before exiting the market in June 2025, RNDC

maintained a significant presence in California, representing nearly 200 wineries and countless

other wine and liquor suppliers.  RNDC ultimately determined to withdraw from the California

market altogether and instead focus on strategically reinvesting in the geographies where it was

4  
See US Beverage Alcohol Market Set for Slow Recovery After ‘Reset Year’, IWSR (June 26, 2024), 
https://www.theiwsr.com/insight/us-beverage-alcohol-market-set-for-slow-recovery-after-reset-year/.  See also 
Damita Menezes, US Beer Consumption Hits Lowest Level in a Generation in 2023, NewsNation (Jan. 2, 2024, 
at 8:46 CST), https://www.newsnationnow.com/health/beer-consumption-lowest-level-generation-2023/.

5

=== page 6 ===
Case 26-90737   Document 18   Filed in TXSB on 07/27/26   Page 6 of 78

best positioned to grow.  While the California exit saved RNDC from even greater operating losses

had it remained in the market, the California exit led to large volume and revenue losses, as well

as operational challenges with respect to inventory and national suppliers, directly contributing to

the straining financial health of RNDC.

13. 
These challenges were exacerbated by the substantial debt burden RNDC had

accumulated throughout the years to fund its nationwide expansion.  To remain competitive in the

growing alcohol industry over the years, the Company relied on debt-financed mergers and

acquisitions to expand its footprint and market share.  These expansions, including the Company’s

entry into the California market, added incremental debt to the balance sheet, with the expectation

that this expanded distribution network and increased volume would generate sufficient cash flow

to service debt over time.  This leverage profile was manageable under favorable operating and

macroeconomic conditions, but became increasingly difficult to sustain in the aftermath of the

COVID-19 pandemic, especially in light of interest rates rising substantially together with

consumer preferences dramatically shifting.  It created a perfect storm.

14. 
In September 2025, as their financial challenges persisted, the Debtors engaged

AlixPartners, LLP (“AlixPartners”), and in October 2025, the Debtors engaged Kirkland &

Ellis LLP (“Kirkland”) and Lazard Frères & Co. LLC (“Lazard,” and collectively with Kirkland

and AlixPartners, the “Advisors”) to consider value-maximizing paths forward for the Company.

Following the unexpected passing of the Company’s then-Chief Executive Officer (“CEO”) in the

middle of October 2025, Marc Sachs, a longtime board member and the son-in-law of

Alan Dreeben, quickly stepped into the CEO role in the face of significant uncertainty.  Mr. Sachs

assumed responsibilities that neither he nor the Company could have fully anticipated at the time,

providing critical leadership through the storm.

6

=== page 7 ===
Case 26-90737   Document 18   Filed in TXSB on 07/27/26   Page 7 of 78

15. 
On November 11, 2025, the board of Republic National Distributing

Company, LLC (the “Board”) appointed Scott D. Vogel and Charles T. Piper as disinterested

managers and delegated to them binding decision-making authority with respect to matters that

constitute, or are reasonably likely to constitute, a conflict of interest between the Company and

any of its related parties (including, among others, current and former directors, managers, officers,

equityholders, employees, advisors, affiliates, or other stakeholders (each, a “Related Party”)).

They were also delegated authority to investigate all historical transactions between the Company

and Related Parties.  On December 21, 2025, a third disinterested manager—John T. Young, Jr.

(together with Mr. Vogel and Mr. Piper, the “Disinterested Managers,” and collectively, the

“Special Committee”)—was appointed to the Board and the Special Committee.  As part of their

mandate, the Special Committee has investigated potential claims and causes of action the Debtors

may possess.

16. 
On June 25, 2026, each of the Debtors appointed Jill Frizzley to their boards as a

fourth Disinterested Manager.  Ms. Frizzley was appointed to a newly-created special committee

and granted sole authority to review and investigate any decisions made and/or transactions entered

into by the Company/Special Committee since its creation (the “Additional Special Committee,”

and together with the Special Committee, the “Special Committees”).  The Company retained

Porter Hedges LLP (“Porter Hedges”) as co-counsel and conflicts counsel.  Porter Hedges also

represents Ms. Frizzley in her capacity as independent manager and sole member of the Additional

Special Committee.  Consistent with Ms. Frizzley’s delegation of authority, Ms. Frizzley is

currently reviewing various transactions from the time the Special Committee was first appointed

to the Petition Date, including the Reyes Sale Transactions.

7

=== page 8 ===
Case 26-90737   Document 18   Filed in TXSB on 07/27/26   Page 8 of 78

17. 
As the Company’s financial challenges continued in the fourth quarter of 2025, the

Company began considering every available strategic alternative.  These included, among other

options:  (a) a potential sale-leaseback transaction of substantially all of the Company’s owned

real estate; (b) a refinancing of certain of the Company’s funded indebtedness; (c) one or more

potential going-concern sales of some or all of the Company’s assets and/or equity interests; and

(d) any combination thereof.  In parallel, the Company began implementing various cost-cutting

initiatives, including deferring maintenance at its warehouse facilities and reductions in workforce,

as well as liquidity enhancing measures, including stretching supplier payment terms.

18. 
The Company commenced robust outreach to solicit proposals for third-party

capital.  Notably, the Company’s first-lien Credit Agreement includes numerous lender consent

rights—including, in many instances, the 100% vote of each of the then-existing 16 first-lien

lenders (collectively, the “Lenders”).  In addition to certain typical “sacred rights,” the Lenders

maintain several atypical consent rights—a direct result of the Credit Agreement having been

amended 11 times by the end of November 2025.

5  These atypical 100% consent rights included

the incurrence of additional indebtedness and other forms of financing.  Notwithstanding

comprehensive and exhaustive outreach, it was not surprising that none of the third-party proposals

offered an actionable solution because no party was willing to provide financing on a junior basis

or in a manner that the Lenders would otherwise support.

19. 
It therefore became clear that a sale of some or all of the Company’s markets was

the most value-maximizing path forward.  In early December 2025, the Company began receiving

inbounds for certain markets, including Maryland, Virginia, and Washington D.C.  The Company

5  
As discussed in greater detail herein, the Credit Agreement has been amended a total of 23 times before the 
Petition Date.

8

=== page 9 ===
Case 26-90737   Document 18   Filed in TXSB on 07/27/26   Page 9 of 78

and the Advisors began engaging with parties regarding potential merger or acquisition

transactions for those markets while also conducting outreach to buyers for other markets.

Between early December 2025 and early January 2026, the Company engaged with 26 such

parties, 14 of which signed non-disclosure agreements.  The Lenders firmly believed the sale

process should occur in chapter 11.  But with only indications of interest in hand, the Company

did not believe a going-concern sale transaction or series of sale transactions would come together

in chapter 11 and instead would likely result in the Company’s liquidation.  A full Company

liquidation would have led to an extremely depressed recovery on the value of the Company’s

approximately $1.3 billion of inventory on hand, as well as its other assets, not to mention the

significant loss of jobs and supplier disarray.

20. 
The Company’s view was largely informed by certain state-specific laws narrowly

restricting how collateral, such as inventory and licenses, may be sold or transferred, and there was

uncertainty regarding a buyer’s appetite to consummate a going-concern sale transaction in a

chapter 11 process.  First, in any given state, as a result of certain regulatory considerations, there

is a limited universe of potential purchasers (or, in some states, a single viable purchaser), most of

whom are unfamiliar with and wary of the chapter 11 process.  Second, many of the Debtors’

suppliers operate primarily on a purchase order basis without a formal agreement—given that no

alcohol distributor of this size has ever filed for chapter 11, there was a real risk that such suppliers

could not be compelled to perform after filing for chapter 11.  Because the suppliers are a key

component of any going-concern sale transaction, the Debtors anticipated that a chapter 11

proceeding would create meaningful uncertainty and strain relationships.  Most critically, absent

the time and liquidity necessary to prepare for a chapter 11 filing to effectuate negotiated

going-concern sale transactions, a disorderly chapter 11 would have further frustrated the

9

=== page 10 ===
Case 26-90737   Document 18   Filed in TXSB on 07/27/26   Page 10 of 78

Company’s supplier base at large and generally eroded supplier confidence and years of goodwill.

This was of particular concern given that viable interest had materialized for one or more

going-concern sale transactions outside of chapter 11.

21. 
In the face of dire liquidity constraints, and after weeks of unsuccessful negotiations

with the Lenders, the Company sent a letter to the Bank Agent (the “Letter”)

6 and each of the

then-existing 16 Lenders on January 5, 2026.  The Letter focused on the need for immediate

liquidity to facilitate an out-of-court sale process and avoid a disorderly liquidation to the detriment

of all stakeholders.  The Lenders ultimately agreed to support the Company with $250 million of

incremental financing to facilitate a sale process, solidify the balance sheet, and fund ordinary

course operations, among other things.  This funding proved critical for all stakeholders; it

preserved thousands of jobs, many of which are held by associates who built their careers at RNDC

(or its predecessor companies) over decades, and approximately 700 suppliers have transitioned to

new distributors.

22. 
More specifically, in January 2026, an established beer distributor—Reyes

Holdings, L.L.C. (“Reyes”)—indicated interest in seven of the Company’s markets.  Reyes

ultimately provided an expanded offer encompassing 11 states that would generate more than

$1 billion in net proceeds.  Reyes was committed to closing on an expedited timeline to mitigate

growing supplier attrition.  In connection with the $250 million financing, the Lenders required

RNDC to comply with certain sale milestones and other requirements, including, among others,

(a) closing the Reyes transactions by May 31, 2026, (b) repaying outstanding funded debt

obligations with the sale proceeds, and (c) continuing to explore potential sales of other markets.

6  
The Letter is attached hereto as Exhibit B.

10

=== page 11 ===
Case 26-90737   Document 18   Filed in TXSB on 07/27/26   Page 11 of 78

23. 
The Reyes transactions for 11 markets (collectively, the “Reyes Sale

Transactions”) closed on May 29, 2026.  The Reyes Sale Transactions contemplated entry into a

transition services agreement (the “Reyes TSA”) to facilitate the transition of operations through

September 30, 2026 with optional extensions through December 31, 2026.  Reyes agreed to pay

the Company $11 million per month through October 2026 and $12 million per month in

November and December 2026 for transition services.  $50 million of the sale proceeds were

placed in a third-party escrow to address indemnification obligations under the sale agreements.

Certain variable components of the purchase price with respect to the Reyes Sale Transactions

were subject to a post-closing true-up, pursuant to which the purchase price paid at closing may

be adjusted up or down dependent on post-closing review of, among other things, inventory levels,

supplier payables, prepaid expenses, equipment value, and trade receivables.  Contemporaneously

herewith, the Debtors filed the Debtors’ Motion for Entry of Interim and Final Orders

(I) Authorizing and Approving the Reyes Settlement Process, (II) Approving the Form of Reyes

Settlement Notice, (III) Authorizing and Approving the Reyes Settlement Upon Satisfaction of the

Settlement Conditions, and (IV) Granting Related Relief, pursuant to which the Debtors seek

approval of (a) certain procedures related to a potential settlement with Reyes resolving the

ongoing dispute with respect to the post-closing true-up and (b) a comprehensive settlement

with Reyes.

24. 
Following the closing of the Reyes Sale Transactions, the Company was once again

out of liquidity.  With additional sales pending, the Company engaged with the Lenders to secure

the liquidity necessary to facilitate additional sales.  The Lenders provided incremental funding

draws of a $74 million, allowing the Debtors to consummate sales for assets in Washington,

Oregon, Nebraska, North Dakota, South Dakota, and Arkansas.  The Debtors also executed

11

=== page 12 ===
Case 26-90737   Document 18   Filed in TXSB on 07/27/26   Page 12 of 78

non-binding letters of intent for assets in Alaska, as well as for their “control state” operations in

17 states nationwide.  The purchaser for the asset sales in Nebraska, North Dakota, and South

Dakota was Quality Brands Distribution, LLC; that sale also included a transition services

agreement (the “Quality Brands TSA,” together with the Reyes TSA, the “TSAs”).  The Quality

Brands TSA requires RNDC and certain other Debtors to provide various services through the

transition period (i.e., July 31, 2026, for the majority of services and September 30, 2026, for

certain information technology related services).

25. 
With liabilities mounting and additional sales substantially negotiated, it became

clear that the only path forward to maximize value was the commencement of these

chapter 11 cases.  The Debtors and the Lenders agreed on the terms of a $75 million new money

senior secured superpriority revolving debtor-in-possession credit facility (the “DIP Facility”) to

fund these chapter 11 cases.  In addition, the Special Committee reached a settlement with certain

Related Parties consistent with the term sheets included in Exhibit C attached hereto (collectively,

the “Equity Holder Settlement”).  The Equity Holder Settlement, combined with the milestones

set forth in the DIP Facility, will allow the Debtors to move through these chapter 11 cases

efficiently and expeditiously to both maximize value for distribution to creditors and minimize the

administrative expenses of these chapter 11 cases.  The Debtors are obligated to (a) file and

prosecute a chapter 11 plan within five business days of the Petition Date and (b) seek confirmation

of a chapter 11 plan and/or one or more sales of all or substantially all Debtor assets within 70 days

of the Petition Date.

26. 
To that end, the Debtors have commenced these chapter 11 cases to (a) facilitate

the consummation of potential private sales of the Debtors’ remaining assets (each,

a “Going-Concern Sale Transaction”); (b) effectuate an orderly, value-maximizing wind down of

12

=== page 13 ===
Case 26-90737   Document 18   Filed in TXSB on 07/27/26   Page 13 of 78

remaining operations; (c) satisfy their obligations under the TSAs; and (d) seek approval, through

confirmation of a chapter 11 plan, of the Equity Holder Settlement.  This expedited timeline will

maximize the value of the Debtors’ estates for the benefit of all stakeholders, including the holders

of over $400 million of general unsecured claims.

7  The Debtors and the Lenders look forward to

engaging with the to-be-formed official committee of unsecured creditors immediately upon

its appointment.

27. 
For more than a year, the Company has worked tirelessly to preserve the business

that the Goldring, Block, Davis, and Carlos families devoted generations to building.  This was by

no means an outcome any of these families desired.  Nonetheless, all parties worked

collaboratively under the most challenging of circumstances to maximize value for all

stakeholders.  These efforts, under the leadership of Mr. Sachs, protected the livelihoods of

thousands of associates—who built this business alongside the founding families, hundreds of

suppliers, and potentially hundreds of wineries that otherwise could have disappeared.

28. 
Accordingly, after carefully evaluating all available alternatives, the Debtors, at the

direction of the Special Committee, believe these chapter 11 cases represent the best available path

forward.  A streamlined, efficient chapter 11 proceeding will allow the Debtors to quickly

complete one or more Going-Concern Sale Transactions, and in turn, bring these cases to an

orderly conclusion.

* 
* 
* 
* 
*

7  
The Debtors maintain five non-qualified deferred compensation plans (each, a “Deferred Compensation Plan,” 
and collectively, the “Deferred Compensation Plans”) for certain current and former associates (a) that were 
designated by the Company as eligible to participate in a Deferred Compensation Plan and (b) who qualify as 
members of a “select group of management or highly compensated employees” under ERISA.  As of the Petition 
Date, the Debtors have more than $60 million in outstanding obligations on account of the Deferred Compensation 
Plans.  The Debtors intend to seek authority to make disbursements under the Deferred Compensation Plans 
pursuant to a separate motion to be filed in these chapter 11 cases.

13

=== page 14 ===
Case 26-90737   Document 18   Filed in TXSB on 07/27/26   Page 14 of 78

29. 
I am the Chief Restructuring Officer of each of the Debtors and a

Managing Director at AlixPartners, the proposed financial advisor to the Debtors.  I have 30 years

of experience in restructuring and bankruptcy-related matters and have served as a financial

advisor to both public and private companies, specializing in advising companies, lenders,

creditors, corporate boards, and equity sponsors across a wide range of industries, both

domestically and internationally.  I have undertaken both advisory and executive roles, including

chief restructuring officer, chief financial officer, and interim chief executive officer.

30. 
I have acted as the Chief Restructuring Officer (or in an equivalent role) in the

following chapter 11 proceedings:  In re Office Properties Income Trust, No. 25-90530 (CML)

(Bankr. S.D. Tex. 2025); In re Steward Health Care System LLC, No. 24-90213 (CML)

(Bankr. S.D. 
Tex. 
2024); 
In 
re 
Aearo 
Technologies, 
LLC, 
No. 
22-02890 (JJG)

(Bankr. S.D. Ind. 2022); 
In 
re 
Footprint 
Power 
Salem 
Harbor 
Development 
LP,

No. 22-10239 (MFW) (Bankr. D. Del. 2022); In re Alpha Latam Management, LLC,

No. 21-11109 (JKS) (Bankr. D. Del. 2021); In re Lonestar Resources US Inc., No. 20-34805 (DRJ)

(Bankr. S.D. Tex. 2020); In re McDermott International, Inc., No. 20-30336 (DRJ)

(Bankr. S.D. Tex. 2020); and In re Aegerion Pharmaceuticals, Inc., No 19-11632 (MG)

(Bankr. S.D.N.Y. 2019).

31. 
I have served as a Managing Director in AlixPartners’ Turnaround & Restructuring

Group since 2007.  Previously, I worked at Ernst & Young LLP in its Assurance practice as an

auditor, and in its Consulting practice focusing on restructuring advisory services.  I hold a

bachelor’s degree in Accounting from DePaul University and a master’s degree in

Management, Finance, and Strategy from the Kellogg School of Management at

Northwestern University.

14

=== page 15 ===
Case 26-90737   Document 18   Filed in TXSB on 07/27/26   Page 15 of 78

32. 
In my role as Chief Restructuring Officer of the Debtors, I am involved with

RNDC’s day-to-day operations and familiar with RNDC’s history, business and financial affairs,

books and records, and the circumstances leading to the commencement of these chapter 11 cases.

Except where specifically noted, the statements in this declaration are based on:  (a) my personal

knowledge; (b) information provided to me by the Company’s management team, associates, and

the Advisors; or (c) my review of relevant documents and information concerning the Company’s

operations, financial affairs, and restructuring initiatives.  I am over the age of 18, and if called

upon to testify, I could and would testify competently to the facts set forth herein.

33. 
On July 26, 2026 (the “Petition Date”), each of the Debtors filed a voluntary

petition for relief under chapter 11 of the United States Bankruptcy Code, 11 U.S.C. §§ 101–1532

with the Court.  I submit this Declaration to assist the Court and interested parties in understanding

the reasons for these chapter 11 cases and in support of the Debtors’ chapter 11 petitions and

related motions (collectively, the “First Day Motions”).

34. 
This Declaration has been organized into four sections:

• Part I provides a general overview of the Debtors’ business operations;

• Part II provides an overview of the Debtors’ organizational and capital structure;

• Part III describes the circumstances leading to these chapter 11 cases; and

• Part IV sets forth the evidentiary basis for the relief requested in the First Day Motions.

I. 
The Company’s Business Operations.

A. 
Nationwide Expansion.

35. 
Beginning in 2007, RNDC steadily expanded its operations throughout much of the

United States, growing together with the industry.  A series of more than a dozen strategic

acquisitions and joint-venture partnerships with other established alcohol distributorships fueled

this growth.  Between 2007 and 2023, RNDC effectuated many transactions, including:

15

=== page 16 ===
Case 26-90737   Document 18   Filed in TXSB on 07/27/26   Page 16 of 78

• 2007: RNDC entered the South Carolina market through a joint-venture partnership with 
the Capital Group of South Carolina.

• 2008: RNDC entered the Nebraska market by acquiring Nebraska Wine & Spirits.

• 2010: RNDC entered the Indiana market through a joint-venture partnership with National 
Wine and Spirits, Inc. (“NWS”).

• 2011: RNDC acquired Sparrow and Associates, the leading spirits broker in Virginia and 
North Carolina.  RNDC also entered the Arizona market through a joint-venture 
partnership with Young’s Market Company, LLC (“YMC”).

• 2014: RNDC entered the Michigan market through a joint-venture partnership with NWS.

• 2017: RNDC solidified its presence in the Oklahoma market through a joint-venture 
partnership with Central Liquor Company.  Central Liquor Company is a third-generation 
family-owned business, which was founded in 1959.

• 2019: RNDC expanded its partnership with YMC and acquired a 50% interest in YMC and 
YMC-Arizona from its then-owners, Young’s Holdings, Inc. and its affiliates 
(collectively “YHI”).  This allowed RNDC to enter the California market and other states 
on the west coast.  RNDC also partnered with Liberation Distribution, Inc. to launch 
eRNDC, which is a business-to-business eCommerce platform that connects suppliers 
and customers.

• 2021: RNDC expanded its operations in the Florida market by acquiring Opici Family 
Distributing, a fourth-generation family-owned wine and spirits wholesaler started in 1913.  
The Company also entered the Illinois market through a joint-venture partnership with 
Heritage Wine Cellars, Ltd.

• 2022: RNDC entered the Alaska market by acquiring White Mountain Beverage, an 
independent Anheuser-Busch wholesaler.  The Company also expanded its operations in 
several key control states through the acquisition of Ultra, a division of Horizon Beverage.  
RNDC also entered the New York market through a joint-venture partnership with Opici 
Family Distributing.

• 2023: RNDC expanded its operations in Virginia, Maryland, Washington D.C., 
Pennsylvania, and North Carolina, and expanded its product offering to include sake, 
soju, Korean wine, baiju, and Asian beer for the first time, through the acquisition of 
Young Won Trading Distribution.  The Company also expanded its operations in 
Arkansas by acquiring Natural State Distributing.

36. 
Through these various strategic acquisitions and joint-venture partnerships, RNDC

became a nationwide alcohol distribution powerhouse operating in 40 states, maintaining 45

16

=== page 17 ===
Case 26-90737   Document 18   Filed in TXSB on 07/27/26   Page 17 of 78

warehouses and distribution centers, employing more than 10,000 associates, and generating

revenue of more than $12 billion at its peak.

B. 
RNDC’s Business Operations.

37. 
RNDC has historically served as a distribution partner to over 2,000 suppliers and

more than 170,000 customers.  RNDC’s success has been built on more than its ability to simply

fill and deliver orders.  The Company instead has focused on differentiating

itself by offering comprehensive support from regulatory compliance to

route-to-market strategy for suppliers and customers at all stages.

a. 
The Three-Tier System of Alcohol Distribution.

38. 
Beverage alcohol distributors like RNDC fill an essential

role in what is known as the “three-tier system.”  This is a regulatory

framework that followed Prohibition.

8  The system divides the alcohol industry into three

distinct tiers:

• suppliers—distilleries, wineries, and breweries that manufacture or import alcohol;

• distributors—the “middleman” of the supply chain who purchases product from 
suppliers and transports and sells product to those who sell or serve alcohol; and

• customers—bars, restaurants, and retail stores that purchase products from distributors 
and sell for consumption.

Each tier must be licensed by a state and/or local regulatory body to operate within

a specific state, and each state has its own regulatory scheme to which distributors must adhere.

8  
When the United States passed the 21st Amendment repealing Prohibition, states were given the power to regulate 
alcohol distribution within their respective borders.  As a result, most states implemented a version of the three-tier 
system, although specific regulations vary from state to state.

17

=== page 18 ===
Case 26-90737   Document 18   Filed in TXSB on 07/27/26   Page 18 of 78

39. 
Within this framework, states are generally organized into three different

categories:

• open states, where private distributors like RNDC can freely purchase alcohol at 
wholesale prices and distribute it at a markup;

• control states, where state government agencies oversee and handle the distribution 
and sale of alcohol; and

• franchise states, where distributors are protected by franchise laws that prevent unfair 
termination of distribution agreements.

9

40. 
Due to the state-by-state regulatory environment, RNDC was historically either the

dominant distributor—or the only distributor—capable of serving suppliers at scale in many states.

b. 
Supplier Partnerships.

41. 
RNDC has historically supported thousands of suppliers by offering a full suite of

capabilities, including transportation, warehousing and storage, supply chain logistics, marketing

and brand management, sales forecasting and analytics, and regulatory compliance.  The Company

primarily operates under distribution rights agreements with suppliers that grant RNDC the right

to distribute certain of that supplier’s products in a specific region.  RNDC typically agrees to

purchase a certain volume of products from the suppliers for a set period of time—generally

anywhere from three to ten years.  It was often the case that these connections turned into

decades-long relationships.  Some suppliers do not have formal agreements with the Company and

instead will designate RNDC as their “distributor of record.”  RNDC then becomes the sole

authorized “middleman” between the supplier and the customer of the applicable brand.

42. 
In many instances, RNDC’s supplier relationships could be traced back to its

founders’ relationships with individual winemakers and distillers.  And as the supplier market

9  
In addition, in some states, different types of beverages are regulated differently.  For instance, in Oregon, the 
state is a “control” state with respect to spirits and an “open” state with respect to wine and beer.

18

=== page 19 ===
Case 26-90737   Document 18   Filed in TXSB on 07/27/26   Page 19 of 78

began to consolidate, RNDC’s connections with individual winemakers and distillers evolved into

decades-long partnerships with new larger platforms and their expanded portfolio of products.

c. 
Warehouse Facilities and Distribution Network.

43. 
RNDC has historically maintained an expansive supply chain fulfillment network

with facilities in most major states.  RNDC’s warehouses operate around the clock and utilize

automated systems to maximize efficiency and locate products, package them together, and load

them onto delivery trucks.  This enables the Company to offer 24-hour turnaround on deliveries.

The Company also strategically plans its delivery routes to maximize efficiency, utilizing artificial

intelligence to optimize route planning and timely deliveries.  At its height, the Company utilized

a fleet of approximately 1,800 vehicles, delivering more than 390,000 cases of alcohol

products daily.

d. 
Customer Sales.

44. 
The Company’s customers have consisted of both “on-premise” customers—

establishments that are licensed to sell alcohol for consumption at the same location where the

product was received (e.g., restaurants, bars, and hotels)—and “off-premise” customers—various

retail locations that are licensed to sell alcohol (e.g., grocery stores, convenience stores, and

liquor stores).  Within each of these categories, RNDC has historically served a diverse customer

base, from mom-and-pop liquor stores to top national retail chains, including Walmart, Costco,

and Kroger.  Off-premise customers historically accounted for a vast majority of RNDC’s total

sales, most of which was the result of partnerships with well-known national retail chains.

e. 
eRNDC.

45. 
In 2019, RNDC launched a collaborative business-to-business eCommerce

platform (“eRNDC”) to connect customers, sales teams, and suppliers online.  The eRNDC

platform allowed customers to browse over 11,500 brands, place orders, communicate with sales

19

=== page 20 ===
Case 26-90737   Document 18   Filed in TXSB on 07/27/26   Page 20 of 78

representatives, track delivery updates, and pay their bills online.  eRNDC complements the

Company’s wholesale business by acting as a marketing vehicle and additional channel

to place orders.  RNDC agreed to support the eRNDC platform until it is migrated to the

eCommerce platform operated by Reyes per the terms of the Reyes Sale Transactions.

II. 
RNDC’s Organizational Structure and Prepetition Capital Structure.

A. 
RNDC’s Organizational Structure.

46. 
RNDC’s organizational structure includes 39 entities, 18 of which are Debtors in

these chapter 11 cases.  The Company’s non-U.S. entities, as well as certain joint-venture

partnerships and their subsidiaries, are not part of these chapter 11 cases.  A simplified overview

of the Company’s current organizational structure, including the 18 Debtor entities and certain

non-Debtor entities, is reflected below:

47. 
Debtor RNDC Texas, LLC, which is a direct subsidiary of Debtor Republic

National Distributing Company, LLC, was formed under the laws of the State of Texas in 2006.

20

=== page 21 ===
Case 26-90737   Document 18   Filed in TXSB on 07/27/26   Page 21 of 78

B. 
RNDC’s Prepetition Capital Structure.

48. 
As of the Petition Date, the Debtors have approximately $225 million in aggregate

principal and accrued interest outstanding under the Credit Facilities.  This reflects a substantial

paydown of over $1.1 billion through the prepetition Going-Concern Sale Transactions, including

over $1 billion from the Reyes Sale Transactions.

Prepetition Capital Structure (as of July 2026)

Secured Funded Debt

Debt Instrument 
Maturity 
Principal and Interest Outstanding

($ millions) 
Delayed Draw Term Loan Facility 
November 1, 2026 
$66.3 
ABL Facility (incl. FILO Revolver) 
November 1, 2026 
$158.6 
2L Facility 
January 31, 2028 
$260.4 
Equipment Loans 
Various 
$7.0

Total Secured Funded Debt Outstanding 
$492.4

Unsecured Funded Debt

Facility 
Maturity 
Principal and Interest Outstanding

($ millions) 
Owner Notes 
On Demand 
$47.7 
Total Unsecured Funded Debt Outstanding 
$47.7

Total Funded Debt Outstanding 
$540.0 million

a. 
Credit Facilities.

49. 
The Debtors are party to that certain Third Amended and Restated Credit

Agreement, dated as of November 1, 2022 (as amended, restated, supplemented, waived, or

otherwise modified from time to time, the “Credit Agreement”).  Wells Fargo Bank, National

Association (the “Agent”) serves as administrative agent.  The Credit Agreement includes:  (a) a

delayed draw term loan facility at SOFR plus 6% per annum (the “Delayed Draw Term Loan

Facility”); (b) a revolving facility at SOFR plus 6% per annum (the “ABL Facility”); and (c) a first

in last out revolving loan at a rate equal to SOFR plus 6% per annum (the “FILO Revolver

Facility,” and together with the Delayed Draw Term Loan Facility and the ABL Facility,

the “Credit Facilities”).

21

=== page 22 ===
Case 26-90737   Document 18   Filed in TXSB on 07/27/26   Page 22 of 78

50. 
The Credit Facilities mature on November 1, 2026, and are secured by a first

priority lien on substantially all of the Debtors’ assets, including commercial litigation claims,

subject to certain limitations and exclusions.  In the fall of 2025, approximately $1.5 billion in

unpaid principal was outstanding under the Credit Facilities.  Approximately $225 million in

unpaid principal and accrued interest is outstanding under the Credit Facilities, of which

approximately $150 million is outstanding on account of the ABL Facility, approximately

$9 million is outstanding on account of the FILO Revolver Facility, and approximately $66 million

is outstanding on account of the Delayed Draw Term Loan Facility.  The Debtors and the Lenders

have entered into 13 amendments to the Credit Agreement since late November 2025.

10

b. 
Second Lien Facility.

51. 
The Debtors are party to the Subordinated Credit Agreement, dated as of

December 19, 2024 (as amended, restated, supplemented, waived, or otherwise modified from

time to time, the “Subordinated Credit Agreement,” and such facility thereunder, the “Second Lien

Facility”), by and among Republic National Distributing Company, LLC (“RNDC LLC”) and

certain of its subsidiaries as borrowers, and NDC, as subordinated creditor.  The Second Lien

Facility is $235 million in aggregate principal, and interest is accruing at 14% per annum, paid in

kind.  The Second Lien Facility is subordinate and junior in right of payment to the

Credit Facilities.

52. 
The obligations under the Subordinated Credit Agreement mature on

January 31, 2028, and are secured by a second lien security interest on certain inventory,

distribution rights, and real estate property in New Mexico.  Approximately $260 million in unpaid

principal and accrued interest is outstanding under the Second Lien Facility.

10  A description of these amendments is attached to this Declaration as Exhibit D.

22

=== page 23 ===
Case 26-90737   Document 18   Filed in TXSB on 07/27/26   Page 23 of 78

c. 
Equipment Loans.

53. 
Certain Debtors are party to various equipment loans (collectively, the “Equipment

Loans”), as borrower or lessee of certain equipment, with various banks and financing

counterparties.  The equipment includes certain forklifts, trucks, racking, and other miscellaneous

warehousing equipment used to transport and organize inventory.  Approximately $7 million in

unpaid principal and accrued interest is outstanding under the Equipment Loans.

d. 
Owner Notes.

11 RNDC LLC formally issued 12 subordinated promissory

54. 
On August 1, 2019,

notes to certain members of the Block family (collectively, the “Owner Notes”).  The Owner Notes

are an aggregate principal amount of $61 million, with interest accruing at the prime rate minus

1% per annum.  The Owner Notes are subordinate and junior in right of payment to the Credit

Facilities and all other indebtedness of the Company.

55. 
The obligations under the Owner Notes are payable on demand, subject to the terms

of the Credit Agreement.  Since at least January 1, 2020, interest on the Owner Notes has not been

paid in cash and has instead been added to the principal.  Approximately $48 million in unpaid

principal and accrued interest is outstanding under the Owner Notes.

e. 
Equity Ownership of Republic National Distributing Company, LLC.

56. 
The outstanding equity interests of Debtor RNDC LLC are indirectly owned by the

Carlos, Davis, and Block families via two intermediate entities:  (a) non-Debtor affiliate NDC

Partners, LLC, which owns 66.67%, and (b) non-Debtor affiliate New BG Distribution Partners,

LLC (“New BG Partners”), which owns 33.33%.  Members of the Carlos and Davis families own

the equity interests of non-Debtor affiliate NDC Partners, LLC (“NDC Partners”), which is an

11  In addition, the Debtors have recorded various liabilities related to owner notes since 2007.

23

=== page 24 ===
Case 26-90737   Document 18   Filed in TXSB on 07/27/26   Page 24 of 78

affiliate of NDC; members of the Block family own the equity interests of non-Debtor affiliate

New BG Partners.

57. 
Since 2007, NDC has operated as a distinct legal entity from RNDC and services

the Georgia and New Mexico markets, although NDC and RNDC have historically cooperated

with respect to various inventory and supplier issues.  Historically, the Debtors have also provided

accounting, treasury, information technology, and general back-office and support services to

NDC.  RNDC and NDC have agreed to go-forward terms for the continued provision of these

services and additional transition services and technology transfer services during the course of

this case as set forth in the term sheet attached to this declaration as Exhibit E.  NDC has agreed

to pay $1.6 million per month in cash for these post-petition support and additional transition

services, which AlixPartners calculated as the fair value for RNDC’s provision of these services

to NDC.

III. 
Events Leading to These Chapter 11 Cases.

58. 
Since 2022, RNDC has faced significant challenges attributable to a combination

of post-COVID-19 operational difficulties and adverse macroeconomic conditions that eroded

margins and significantly tightened liquidity.  These challenges were exacerbated by a substantial

debt burden, resulting from several years of strategic growth and acquisition, as well as rising

interest costs.

A. 
Post-COVID-19 Macroeconomic and Industry Headwinds.

59. 
Before the COVID-19 pandemic, the alcohol industry experienced a prolonged

period of steady growth.  As government shutdowns forced the closure of restaurants and bars in

April 2020, Americans were confined to their homes and increasingly turned to retail stores to

purchase alcohol for in-home consumption.  Retail and online sales channels saw a corresponding

24

=== page 25 ===
Case 26-90737   Document 18   Filed in TXSB on 07/27/26   Page 25 of 78

boom, resulting in an approximate 35% increase in retail alcohol sales during the spring of 2020.

12

Distributors like RNDC raced to meet this incredible surge in demand by stockpiling

unprecedented levels of inventory.  Given that retail customers have historically generated the vast

majority of RNDC’s revenue, and because RNDC was one of the only distributors with an

eCommerce sales channel, RNDC was able to fully capitalize on this historic demand.

60. 
As the effects of the pandemic began to wane in late 2022, so too did the demand

for off-premise alcohol consumption.  RNDC and other distributors, which had aggressively

accumulated significant product during the pandemic, were left holding excess inventory as

demand returned to pre-pandemic levels.  The Company’s efforts to close the destocking gap were

frustrated by other macroeconomic factors, including a sustained period of high interest rates and

persistent inflation on the heels of the pandemic.  Making matters worse, the long-lasting

disruption to supply chains instigated increased labor and other elevated costs, thereby increasing

expenses and further reducing margins.

61. 
But the biggest surprise was the drastic, almost overnight shift in consumer

preferences—not only were Americans drinking less in their homes, many stopped drinking

altogether.  Since 2022, fewer and fewer Americans have reported drinking alcohol; the percentage

of adults in the United States that report themselves as regular consumers of alcohol is the lowest

it has been in nearly 90 years.

13  Younger generations have become more health-conscious, often

opting for alcohol alternatives, such as CBD-infused products or “better-for-you” beverages.

12  See Leon S Moskatel & David JG Slusky, The Impact of COVID-19 on Alcohol Sales and Consumption in the 
United States: A Retrospective, Observational Analysis, National Library of Medicine, (May 23, 2023), 
https://pmc.ncbi.nlm.nih.gov/articles/PMC10202895/.

13  Lydia Saad, U.S. Drinking Rate at New Low as Alcohol Concerns Surge, Gallup (Aug. 13, 2025) 
https://news.gallup.com/poll/693362/drinking-rate-new-low-alcohol-concerns-surge.aspx.

25

=== page 26 ===
Case 26-90737   Document 18   Filed in TXSB on 07/27/26   Page 26 of 78

The rise of GLP-1 drugs like Ozempic and Wegovy, which curb alcohol cravings and

consumption, has further contributed to this decline.  And when consumers do opt to drink alcohol,

many have increasingly started to prefer high-quality, high-end wine and spirits brands.  Although

the trend toward more premium, high-value beverages has allowed distributors like RNDC to

realize higher per-unit sales in some instances, it has also contributed to the decline in total sales

across the industry because fewer total units are being purchased.

62. 
The combination of these macroeconomic and industry headwinds continued to

compound.  Inventory levels have yet to stabilize to pre-pandemic levels.

14  Persistent inflation

and high interest rates posed industry-wide challenges and materially increased RNDC’s cash

interest expense (all floating rates tied to USD SOFR).  This has hugely destabilized and put severe

pressure on RNDC’s margins, cashflows, and liquidity.

B. 
Operational Challenges.

63. 
The sudden drop-off in demand following the pandemic quickly resulted in a

mismatch between RNDC’s obligations under its supplier distribution agreements and the

economic realities of softening demand.  During the COVID-19-driven demand, RNDC realized

significantly improved unit economics and increased margins, negotiating favorable contractual

volume and pricing commitments.  Without the same level of demand, however, these

commitments proved unfavorable, directly impairing RNDC’s margins.  Simply put, the Company

had become obligated to purchase more inventory from suppliers at unfavorable economic terms

than it could sell to its customers in the face of a drastic shift in consumer preferences.  As the

14  See Merchant Wholesalers, Except Manufacturers’ Sales Branches and Offices: Nondurable Goods: Beer, Wine, 
and Distilled Alcoholic Beverages Inventories/Sales Ratio, FRED (Dec. 11, 2025, at 9:03 A.M.), 
https://fred.stlouisfed.org/series/R4248IM163SCEN

26

=== page 27 ===
Case 26-90737   Document 18   Filed in TXSB on 07/27/26   Page 27 of 78

middleman of the three-tier distribution network, RNDC’s inventory stockpile was entirely

inconsistent with demand.

64. 
On top of these pressures, between late 2022 and 2025, RNDC lost several key

suppliers that collectively generated more than $3 billion of RNDC’s annual revenue.  While

RNDC worked diligently to establish new supplier partnerships and expand business with existing

suppliers, securing approximately ten new or expanded supplier relationships since 2023, the

broader macroeconomic factors and industry dynamics became insurmountable.

C. 
RNDC’s Entry Into, and Exit From, the California Market.

a. 
RNDC’s Entry into the California Market and Disputes with YHI.

65. 
As the largest alcohol market in the United States, California had long been a target

for RNDC.  Following entry into a joint venture with YMC in Arizona, RNDC approached YMC

and its indirect owner, YHI—which maintained a significant presence in California and other west

coast states—in late 2016 to explore a transaction in the California market.  YMC was founded in

1888 as a family-owned retail store in downtown Los Angeles.  YMC grew into a leading broker

and distributor of fine wines and spirits.  Ultimately, the parties were unable to agree on terms.

66. 
The original discussions with YHI proved unsuccessful, so RNDC explored other

avenues to expand their nationwide footprint.  In 2017, RNDC engaged in merger discussions with

Breakthru Beverage Group (“Breakthru”)—another major beverage alcohol distributor.  Following

a costly two-year review by the Federal Trade Commission, RNDC and Breakthru terminated

discussions in 2019.

67. 
RNDC re-engaged with YMC in 2019 after the Breakthru deal was terminated.

RNDC expressed a preference to purchase the entirety of YMC.  But YHI wanted to retain an

ownership stake with the hope that RNDC’s ownership and involvement would help revive YMC,

which itself had been struggling.

27

=== page 28 ===
Case 26-90737   Document 18   Filed in TXSB on 07/27/26   Page 28 of 78

68. 
Recognizing the critical role the California market could play in its continued

expansion, RNDC ultimately agreed to acquire 50% of YMC from YHI for $297 million.  After

approximately six months of negotiations, the transaction closed in August 2019.

69. 
Consistent with RNDC’s desire to acquire the other 50% of YMC, RNDC, and YHI

entered into a new operating agreement granting (a) YHI an option to sell the remaining 50% to

RNDC (the “Put Option”) or (b) RNDC an option to acquire the remaining options.

70. 
RNDC and YHI operated as a joint venture for several years.  In early 2022, after

two years of strong performance during the pandemic, YHI exercised the Put Option on

August 5, 2022.  A significant dispute over the calculation of the put price arose between RNDC

and YHI.  RNDC and YHI ultimately agreed—as part of a negotiated resolution— to a final put

price of approximately $422 million, which RNDC paid on November 1, 2022.

71. 
At the same time as these negotiations, Sazerac, a supplier with a desirable portfolio

of brands, including Buffalo Trace, Pappy Van Winkle, Southern Comfort, and Blanton’s,

terminated YMC’s distribution rights in Washington.  Sazerac was required to pay a termination

fee.  This led to another dispute between RNDC and YHI, with YHI claiming that it was owed a

portion of the termination fee as a true-up payment.  After the parties were unable to resolve that

dispute, YHI commenced arbitration.  Ultimately, this dispute was resolved in June 2024, with

RNDC agreeing to pay YHI $7.5 million.

b. 
RNDC’s Exit from the California Market.

72. 
Despite RNDC’s long-standing desire to enter California, operating in the nation’s

largest alcohol market presented its own unique challenges.  With the extreme competition in the

state, labor and occupancy costs almost triple the national average, and heavily discounted

customer orders due to certain state regulations, RNDC faced significant margin pressure and

diminished cash generation year after year.

28

=== page 29 ===
Case 26-90737   Document 18   Filed in TXSB on 07/27/26   Page 29 of 78

73. 
On top of these pressures, in early 2025, several of RNDC’s key suppliers began

moving to RNDC’s competitors.  In particular—Tito’s, Brown-Forman, and Gallo’s High Noon—

switched to Reyes, putting further pressure on RNDC’s California operations.  In June 2025,

RNDC announced that it would withdraw from the California market by September 2, 2025.  This

led to the loss of additional suppliers, including Gallo and Proximo.

74. 
While the California exit was expected to significantly increase profitability

through reduced losses and simplify go-forward operational management over the long-term, the

exit reduced its collateral base and has contributed to a large volume and revenue loss in the

short-term.

D. 
Retention of Advisors.

75. 
In the face of significant liquidity concerns, the Company retained AlixPartners.

The Company subsequently retained Kirkland, Lazard, and Joele Frank, Wilkinson Brimmer

Katcher.  The Company also retained Porter Hedges, as co-counsel and conflicts counsel.  And

after soliciting proposals from three qualified claims and noticing firms, the Debtors retained Omni

Agent Solutions, Inc.

E. 
Enhanced Corporate Governance.

76. 
As part of the Company’s evaluation of strategic transactions to maximize value

for stakeholders, the Advisors conducted a review of the existing corporate governance in

late 2025.  This led to the appointment of two experienced and disinterested directors—Scott D.

Vogel and Charles T. Piper—to the Board of RNDC LLC on November 11, 2025.  In addition, the

Board of RNDC LLC delegated to the Special Committee certain rights, authority, and powers in

connection with any matters in which a conflict of interest exists or is reasonably likely to exist

between the Company, on the one hand, and Related Parties, on the other.  In connection with the

twelfth amendment to the Credit Agreement, John T. Young, Jr. was appointed as an additional

29

=== page 30 ===
Case 26-90737   Document 18   Filed in TXSB on 07/27/26   Page 30 of 78

Disinterested Manager to the Board and a member of the Special Committee on

December 21, 2025.

77. 
And, on June 25, 2026, each of the Debtors appointed Ms. Jill Frizzley to their

boards as a fourth Disinterested Manager and the sole member of the Additional Special

Committee.  Ms. Frizzley has authority to review and investigate any decisions made and/or

transactions entered into by the Company, including the Reyes Sale Transactions, and approved

by the Special Committee and the Board, since its creation.

a. 
Special Committee Investigation.

78. 
With the assistance of Kirkland and AlixPartners, the Special Committee has

conducted an investigation into potential claims and causes of action the Company may hold

against Related Parties, including the Company’s current and former officers, directors, and

equityholders, as well as potential estate causes of action against other parties.  The Special

Committee focused on a number of categories of transactions and issues, including the below.

79. 
Insider Debt Payments.  The Debtors currently owe approximately $260 million

on the Second Lien Facility with NDC, one of the Debtors’ indirect equityholders, and

approximately $48 million on the Owner Notes.  The Special Committee investigated the

circumstances surrounding the incurrence of the Second Lien Facility and the Owner Notes, the

consideration received by the Debtors in exchange for issuing the Second Lien Facility and the

Owner Notes, the interest rates on the Second Lien Facility and the Owner Notes, any changes to

the terms of the Second Lien Facility and the Owner Notes, and the timing and amount of any

payments made on the Second Lien Facility and the Owner Notes.

80. 
Tax Distributions.  The parent-level Debtor, RNDC LLC, is a partnership for U.S.

federal income tax purposes.  As a result, many (but not all) of the income tax liabilities attributable

to income recognized by RNDC LLC are borne by RNDC LLC’s direct and indirect equityholders,

30

=== page 31 ===
Case 26-90737   Document 18   Filed in TXSB on 07/27/26   Page 31 of 78

i.e., as a general matter, those equityholders report (and pay taxes on) income recognized by RNDC

LLC on their own tax returns—in other words, RNDC LLC is a “flow-through” entity.

81. 
Since 2018, RNDC LLC has made more than $700 million in tax distributions to

its direct equityholders, New BG Partners and NDC Partners, in proportion to their ownership of

RNDC LLC.  New BG Partners and NDC Partners then, in turn, made proportionate distributions

to their own equityholders.

15

82. 
To calculate the amount of a tax distribution, RNDC LLC used a two-step process.

First, RNDC LLC estimated its annual taxable income by taking the prior year’s taxable income

and adding 10%.  Second, RNDC LLC applied a 50% assumed tax rate to the estimated taxable

income to determine the total annual tax distribution amount.  Because certain of RNDC LLC’s

direct and indirect equityholders were required to make quarterly estimated tax payments to the

Internal Revenue Service, RNDC LLC paid quarterly estimated tax distributions to its

equityholders based on this calculation.  At the end of each year, RNDC LLC compared its

estimated taxable income to its actual taxable income.  If actual taxable income exceeded the initial

estimate, RNDC LLC made additional “true-up” distributions to cover the shortfall.

83. 
Since 2018, RNDC LLC has made tax distributions in the following annual

amounts:

New BG

Year 
RNDC LLC 
Taxable Income

NDC Partners   
Tax Distributions

Total Tax 
Distributions

Tax 
Distributions

2018 
$150,968,389 
$47,252,356 
$30,462,997 
$77,715,353 
2019 
$194,745,418 
$59,481,236 
$40,518,764 
$100,000,000 
2020 
$312,113,452 
$62,943,741 
$43,376,906 
$106,320,647 
2021 
$343,925,886 
$103,708,951 
$68,651,049 
$172,360,000 
2022 
$197,813,638 
$119,334,690 
$73,175,310 
$192,510,000

15  Because New BG Partners did not maintain its own bank accounts, RNDC would distribute tax distributions 
directly to the equityholders of New BG Partners.

31

=== page 32 ===
Case 26-90737   Document 18   Filed in TXSB on 07/27/26   Page 32 of 78

2023 
Negative 
$43,721,937 
$25,619,363 
$69,341,300 
Total 
 
$436,442,911 
$281,804,389 
$718,247,300

84. 
In 2023, RNDC LLC made tax distributions to NDC Partners and New BG in

January and April.  RNDC LLC did not, however, make any additional tax distributions in 2023

after projections showed that RNDC LLC’s taxable income would be negative for the year.  In

April and September 2024, certain of RNDC LLC’s direct and indirect equityholders paid to the

Company amounts approximately equivalent to the tax distributions that had been made in 2023.

85. 
The Special Committee investigated the process surrounding these tax

distributions, including how they were calculated and paid, and to what extent any tax distributions

were later reconciled against actual tax obligations and/or returned to RNDC LLC.

86. 
Provision of Services to NDC.  As part of the 2007 merger between NDC and RBC,

RNDC and NDC entered into a services agreement dated May 1, 2007 (the “Services Agreement”).

Under the Services Agreement, RNDC provided NDC with back-office support functions,

including finance and accounting, information technology, employee benefits and training, general

management, sales, operations, and human resources.  The initial annual fee for the services

covered by the Services Agreement was $5.5 million.  Although the agreement was not formally

extended, NDC has continued to pay RNDC $5.5 million annually for these services—a price that

has not been adjusted since execution of the Services Agreement.  The Special Committee

investigated the circumstances surrounding the Services Agreement, RNDC’s continued provision

of such services to NDC, and any compensation received by RNDC in exchange for providing

services to NDC, including whether $5.5 million represents fair market value for the services

RNDC provides.

87. 
New Mexico Property.  Also in connection with the 2007 merger, RNDC and NDC

entered into a lease agreement dated May 1, 2007 for property located at 5920 Office Boulevard,

32

=== page 33 ===
Case 26-90737   Document 18   Filed in TXSB on 07/27/26   Page 33 of 78

Albuquerque, New Mexico 87109 (the “New Mexico Property”).  Under the lease for the

New Mexico Property, NDC paid $125,000 per month in rent ($1.5 million annually) to RNDC.

The lease was extended in 2017, 2022, and 2024 with no rent increase.  In September 2025, RNDC

sold the New Mexico Property to NDC for $23 million.  The Special Committee investigated the

circumstances surrounding the transactions involving the New Mexico Property, including

whether the $125,000 monthly lease rate and $23 million sale price were fair market values.

88. 
Payments to Insiders.  Because the Debtors are a family-owned and -operated

business, many members of the Debtors’ equityholder families are former or current Debtor

officers, directors, and employees who received various payments, including salaries, bonuses, and

expense reimbursements.  The Special Committee investigated the amounts and timing of these

payments made to members of the Debtors’ equityholder families, including the nature of the

payments made by the Debtors and the services the Debtors received in exchange.

89. 
Financial Condition.  Because the Debtors’ financial condition and solvency

materially affects the assessment of potential estate causes of action, the Special Committee’s

advisors assessed the Debtors’ financial condition over the course of recent years to identify any

potential periods of time in which the Debtors were insolvent.

90. 
Young’s Holdings Transactions.  The Debtors entered California and other west

coast markets through a series of transactions involving YHI.  These transactions involved the

Debtors paying hundreds of millions of dollars to YHI.  The Special Committee investigated the

nature and circumstances of all payments related to YHI, which totaled more than $700 million

between 2019 and 2024.

91. 
In connection with the investigation, the Special Committee requested broad

categories of documents from the Debtors’ management, as well as from the Debtors’ direct and

33

=== page 34 ===
Case 26-90737   Document 18   Filed in TXSB on 07/27/26   Page 34 of 78

indirect equityholders, who are separately represented by Katten Muchin Rosenman LLP (for New

BG 
Partners-associated 
entities 
and 
individuals) 
and 
Seward 
& 
Kissel 
LLP

(for NDC Partners-associated entities and individuals).  The Special Committee collected over

600,000 documents from the Debtors alone.

b. 
Additional Special Committee Investigation.

92. 
Since the Special Committee was appointed in November 2025, the Debtors have

engaged in certain asset sales and other transactions in an effort to maximize the value of their

estates.  These efforts resulted in several sales, including the Reyes Sale Transactions.  The

proceeds of these sales were used to pay down existing indebtedness.  To ensure a robust

investigation of any and all potential causes of action while avoiding any potential conflicts, the

Debtors appointed Jill Frizzley as the sole member of the Additional Special Committee, which is

empowered to review and investigate potential claims or causes of action arising out of actions

taken by the Debtors since the original Special Committee was appointed.  Ms. Frizzley has

retained Porter Hedges to serve as counsel in connection with her investigation.

F. 
The Company Pursued All Reasonable Alternatives.

93. 
The Debtors truly exhausted all alternatives.  In addition to identifying and

implementing cost rationalization measures, including reducing its headcount and consolidating

its core operations, the Company worked closely with the Advisors to develop a long-term business

plan and explore various strategic and financial alternatives with both existing members of the

Company’s capital structure and potential third-party investors.  More specifically, the Company

and its Advisors (a) progressed the ongoing sale-leaseback negotiations, (b) launched a third-party

financing process to solicit proposals around a potential refinancing of certain of the Company’s

funded debt facilities, and (c) launched a sale process to explore a potential sale of all or any part

of the business.

34

=== page 35 ===
Case 26-90737   Document 18   Filed in TXSB on 07/27/26   Page 35 of 78

a. 
Sale-Leaseback.

94. 
On May 14, 2025, the Board approved the engagement of Eastdil Secured LLC to

explore a potential sale-leaseback transaction of substantially all of the Company’s owned real

estate.  The sale-leaseback transaction, however, did not present a comprehensive solution to the

Company’s capital structure.

b. 
Third-Party Financing.

95. 
Beginning on November 3, 2025, Lazard engaged over 15 prospective third-party

capital providers to evaluate a potential refinancing of certain of the Company’s funded debt

facilities.  Many of the prospective financing parties executed non-disclosure agreements and

received access to a confidential information memorandum and other related diligence materials.

The Company received seven non-binding financing proposals, which contemplated new term

loans and/or refinancing the Debtors’ securitization facility.

96. 
In 
December 
2025, 
the 
Debtors 
engaged 
the 
Lenders 
to 
provide

debtor-in-possession financing for a potential chapter 11 process.  In parallel, Lazard approached

12 prospective third-party capital providers.  The Debtors received a proposal from the Lenders

and four proposals from third parties between late December 2025 and early January 2026.

c. 
Going-Concern Sale Process.

97. 
Beginning in December 2025, Lazard commenced a marketing process for certain

markets, which was expanded over time to include substantially all of the Company’s markets.

Lazard discussed the potential purchase of some or all of the Company’s assets with over 50

potential acquirers via inbound and outbound engagement, including a mix of financial and

strategic counterparties.  Over 25 parties executed non-disclosure agreements and received

diligence materials.  Over 20 parties submitted non-binding indications of interest to acquire

RNDC’s operations in a particular state or across multiple states.

35

=== page 36 ===
Case 26-90737   Document 18   Filed in TXSB on 07/27/26   Page 36 of 78

98. 
After extensive engagement with various interested parties, on January 13, 2026,

the Company announced publicly that Reyes submitted a proposal for the purchase of the

Company’s Arizona, Florida, Hawaii, Illinois, Maryland, South Carolina, Virginia, and

Washington, D.C. geographies.

16  Reyes’ offer eventually expanded to 11 states in total, including

Colorado, Louisiana, Oklahoma, and Texas.  Critically, Reyes was committed to closing quickly

to mitigate supplier attrition.

99. 
The Company convinced the Lenders to provide $250 million to facilitate the

Reyes Sale Transactions.  The Debtors also consummated going-concern sale transactions with

respect to (a) the Company’s wine-searcher.com entity and business on April 30, 2026; (b) the

Company’s equity interests in a joint-venture partnership for the Idaho market on May 8, 2026;

and (c) sales of assets in Washington, Oregon, Nebraska, North Dakota, South Dakota, and

Arkansas.  The Debtors have also executed non-binding letters of intent for assets in the Alabama,

Alaska, Iowa, Maine, Mississippi, Montana, New Hampshire, North Carolina, Ohio, Pennsylvania,

Utah, Vermont, West Virginia, and Wyoming markets, as well as for their “control state”

businesses in Michigan, Idaho, Oregon, and Virginia.

100. 
In connection with the asset sales in Nebraska, North Dakota, and South Dakota,

the Quality Brands TSA requires that the Debtors provide services and receive payment ahead of

the filing of these cases—$1.2 million for the month of July and a fixed monthly fee of

$113,000 per month through September 30, 2026.

16  Reyes did not acquire the Company’s “control state” business in Virginia.  Illinois was later removed from the 
proposal.

36

=== page 37 ===
Case 26-90737   Document 18   Filed in TXSB on 07/27/26   Page 37 of 78

17

d. 
The DIP Facility

101. 
Lazard contacted six third parties (who were part of Lazard’s original outreach) to

determine willingness to fund these chapter 11 cases.  Despite the Debtors’ and Lazard’s best

efforts, no third party provided an actionable debtor-in-possession financing proposal due to,

among other things, the Debtors’ limited unencumbered assets, the lack of interest in funding a

potential wind-down, and uncertainty around the Debtors’ remaining asset sales.

102. 
The Debtors likewise engaged with the Lenders over the last several months to

secured funds necessary to administer these chapter 11 cases.  As a result of the Debtors’

negotiations with the Lenders, the Debtors secured a $250 million DIP Facility, comprised of

(a) $75 million of new money revolving loans, of which $50 million will be made available on an

interim basis, (b) upon entry of the interim order, a “roll-up” of the delayed draw term loans

extended under the fourteenth amendment to the Credit Agreement, totaling approximately

$66.3 million; and, (c) upon entry of the final order, a “roll-up” of approximately $108.7 million

of the revolving loans under the Credit Agreement.

103. 
The DIP Credit Agreement establishes the following milestones:

• Filing a Plan and Disclosure Statement within five business days;

• Execution of binding purchase agreements with respect to a majority of the remaining 
Going-Concern Sale Transactions within 30 days;

• Entry of a final order approving the DIP Facility within 35 days;

17  A description of the terms of the DIP Facility can be found in the Debtors’ Emergency Motion for Entry of Interim 
and Final Orders (I) Authorizing the Debtors to Obtain Postpetition Financing, (II) Granting Liens and Providing 
Claims with Superpriority Administrative Expense Status, (III) Authorizing the Use of Cash Collateral, 
(IV) Modifying the Automatic Stay; (V) Scheduling a Final Hearing, and (VI) Granting Related Relief (the “DIP 
Motion”), filed contemporaneously herewith.  Capitalized terms used in this section but not otherwise defined in 
this Declaration have the meanings ascribed to them in the DIP Motion.

37

=== page 38 ===
Case 26-90737   Document 18   Filed in TXSB on 07/27/26   Page 38 of 78

• Confirmation of the Plan and approval of asset sales within 70 days; and

• The Effective Date within 75 days.

IV. 
Evidentiary Basis for Relief Requested in the First Day Motions.

104. 
Contemporaneously with the filing of this Declaration, the Debtors have filed a

number of First Day Motions seeking relief to minimize the adverse effects of the commencement

of these chapter 11 cases on their businesses and to ensure limited disruptions to operations.

Approval of the relief requested in the First Day Motions is critical to the Debtors’ ability to

continue operating their businesses with minimal disruption and thereby preserve value for the

Debtors’ estates and various stakeholders.

105. 
The First Day Motions request authority to pay certain prepetition claims.

I understand that Federal Rule of Bankruptcy Procedure 6003 provides, in relevant part, that the

Court shall not consider motions to pay prepetition claims during the first 21 days following the

filing of a chapter 11 petition “except to the extent relief is necessary to avoid immediate and

irreparable harm.”  In light of this requirement, the Debtors have narrowly tailored their requests

for immediate authority to pay certain prepetition claims to those circumstances where the failure

to pay such claims would cause immediate and irreparable harm to the Debtors and to their estates.

106. 
I am familiar with the contents and substance of each First Day Motion, and the

statements and facts set forth in each of the First Day Motions are true and correct to the best of

my knowledge.  I believe that the relief sought therein (a) is necessary to permit an effective

transition into chapter 11, (b) constitutes a critical element for the Debtors to successfully

implement a chapter 11 strategy and is a sound exercise of business judgment, and (c) best serves

the Debtors’ estates and creditors’ interests.  I believe that the Debtors’ estates would suffer

immediate and irreparable harm absent the ability to make certain essential payments and

otherwise continue their business operations as sought in the First Day Motions.  The evidentiary

38

=== page 39 ===
Case 26-90737   Document 18   Filed in TXSB on 07/27/26   Page 39 of 78

support for the First Day Motions is set forth on Exhibit F attached hereto.  Accordingly, for the

reasons set forth herein and in the First Day Motions, the Court should grant the relief requested

in each of the First Day Motions.

*  *  *  *  *  *

39

=== page 40 ===
Case 26-90737   Document 18   Filed in TXSB on 07/27/26   Page 40 of 78

Pursuant to 28 U.S.C. § 1746, I declare under penalty of perjury that the foregoing

statements are true and correct to the best of my knowledge, information, and belief.

Dated: July 27, 2026 
/s/  John R. Castellano 
 
Name:  John R. Castellano 
 
Title:    Chief Restructuring Officer

=== page 41 ===
Case 26-90737   Document 18   Filed in TXSB on 07/27/26   Page 41 of 78

Exhibit A

The Debtors

1. Republic National Distributing Company, LLC

2. 8201 Associates, LLC

3. K&L Beverage Company, LLC

4. Republic National Distributing Company Michigan Holdings, LLC

5. Republic National Distributing Company of North Dakota, Inc.

6. Republic National Distributing Company, LLC (Nebraska)

7. RNDC Alaska, LLC

8. RNDC Arkansas, LLC

9. RNDC Indiana Holdings, LLC

10. RNDC New Hampshire, LLC

11. RNDC Receivables, LLC

12. RNDC Shared Services, LLC

13. RNDC Texas, LLC

14. WSJV Holdings, Inc.

15. Young’s Market Company of Arizona, LLC

16. Young’s Market Company of Oregon, LLC

17. Young’s Market Company of Washington, LLC

18. Young’s Market Company, LLC

=== page 42 ===
Case 26-90737   Document 18   Filed in TXSB on 07/27/26   Page 42 of 78

Exhibit B

The Letter

=== page 43 ===
Case 26-90737   Document 18   Filed in TXSB on 07/27/26   Page 43 of 78

601 Lexington Avenue
New York, NY 10022

United States

Josh Sussberg, P.C.
To Call Writer Directly:

+1 212 446 4800

Facsimile:
+1 212 446 4900

+1 212 446 4829
joshua.sussberg@kirkland.com

www.kirkland.com

January 5, 2026

Via Electronic Mail

Justin Rawlins 
Paul Hastings LLP 
1999 Avenue of the Stars, Floor 27
Century City, CA 90067

Re:  RNDC’s Financial and Operational Challenges

Dear Counsel:

We send this letter on behalf of, and as counsel to, Republic National Distributing 
Company, LLC (together with its subsidiaries, the “Company”).  We ask that you share this letter 
immediately with each of the 16 institutions that are part of the lending syndicate represented by 
Paul Hastings (collectively, the “Bank Group”).  Although we have had many conversations with 
the Bank Group and its advisors over the last several weeks, there seems to be a lack of urgency 
and true comprehension of just how tenuous the situation has become.  Exactly what we indicated 
would happen to the business to your predecessor counsel (Greenberg Traurig), Paul Hastings, and 
the Bank Group is happening.  Value is eroding daily.  Therefore, as counsel to the Company—
not counsel to any of the equity holders, all of whom have separate counsel copied on this letter—
tasked with the duty to maximize enterprise value for all stakeholders, including the Bank Group, 
we are compelled to distill the current circumstances to writing.  The Bank Group is making this 
duty more difficult to achieve by the day.  And while we appreciate and fully recognize that the 
Bank Group has no obligation to extend further liquidity to the Company, it is our view that the 
Bank Group is severely misguided as to its recoveries in what would be an unprecedented 
liquidation.  It is critically important for everyone that the record be uncontroverted if we find 
ourselves standing in front of a bankruptcy court in the near future.

It seems the Bank Group’s preferred path is the Company conducting a sale process 
through a chapter 11 filing.  We have yet to receive any proposal from the Bank Group on financing 
necessary for a chapter 11 case and related sale process, including the potentially significant 
administrative costs associated with disposing of unsellable inventory (as further described below) 
and the professional fees associated with a potentially long and litigious chapter 11 process, in 
which all historical transactions (including both the entry into, and exit from, the California 
market) will be heavily scrutinized by both the estate and a creditors’ committee, with those

Beijing 
Boston 
Chicago 
Dallas 
Hong Kong 
Houston 
London 
Los Angeles 
Munich 
Palo Alto 
San Francisco 
Shanghai 
Washington, D.C.

=== page 44 ===
Case 26-90737   Document 18   Filed in TXSB on 07/27/26   Page 44 of 78

investigations to be bankrolled by the Bank Group.  As explained below, in the face of upcoming 
supplier terminations, any financing should include funds to pay suppliers or funds for all the 
professionals around the table (including a yet to be formed creditors’ committee) to litigate the 
propriety of each potential contract termination.  The suggestion that the automatic stay is a magic 
wand fails to take into account the litigation costs attendant to keeping all contract counterparties 
at bay.  Those dollars all come directly out of the Bank Group’s recovery.  But this is all 
hypothetical as there is no financing proposal, and we have no confidence one will be negotiated 
with the Bank Group before the illusory January 19th deadline.  In fact, the earliest a supplier can 
argue its contract has terminated is January 22, 2026, reinforcing that time continues to be of the 
essence.  Any narrative that the Company’s advisors forced the Company into chapter 11 will not 
be tolerated.  Indeed, I will be the first one to stand up in court and indicate that we repeatedly told 
each of the institutions in the Bank Group to not go down this path.

The path that the Bank Group should pursue is the path with Centerbridge, which not only 
provides an avenue to stabilize the Company’s critical supplier relationships (without which a 
value-destructive chapter 11, attendant professional fees, and likely liquidation follows) but also 
provides a path to an out-of-court asset sale process.  From the Company’s perspective, and subject 
to the execution of definitive documentation, the Centerbridge proposal and the liquidity, time, 
and increased certainty it brings to the asset sale process is unquestionably the superior outcome 
for the Bank Group.  Of course, if the Bank Group is willing to provide the same amount of 
funding, or even a portion of what Centerbridge has indicated a willingness to fund, that too 
represents a far superior outcome for the Bank Group and a path that the Company and its advisors 
are prepared to swiftly and rigorously advance.

Importantly, however, the Company is at an inflection point and the window for action is 
narrowing.  Absent decisive action—either via swift engagement from the Bank Group on the 
Centerbridge proposal that would allow the proposal to be consummated in the next few weeks or 
a prompt DIP term sheet that provides for sufficient liquidity and time to pursue an in-court sale 
process—the Company will have no choice but to reckon with an unprecedented and value 
destructive liquidation.

As the Bank Group considers its path forward, we are compelled to highlight three critical 
considerations.  First, the regulatory challenges facing any large-scale liquidation of the 
Company’s operations—these challenges are likely to restrict the ability to freely sell regulated 
collateral while imposing significant destruction costs for any unsellable collateral.  Second, the 
increasingly fragile state of the Company’s supplier relationships—as set forth below, the 
Company has started receiving supplier termination notices at an increased pace (which is not 
surprising, given the small community of suppliers), which jeopardizes the continuity of operations 
and materially impairs the Company’s’ ability to pursue any value-maximizing transactions.  
Third, the status of the Company’s ongoing sale process—there is already real and viable interest 
in certain of the Company’s business segments.  A chapter 11 filing and subsequent court process 
will only result in value degradation as a result of the chaos (and resulting cost) that will inevitably 
occur with all parties, including the many contract counterparties that are critical to the value of 
the enterprise and any going concern sales.

=== page 45 ===
Case 26-90737   Document 18   Filed in TXSB on 07/27/26   Page 45 of 78

Liquidation Challenges

It is undisputed that a full-scale liquidation of the business would not be value-maximizing 
for the Bank Group or any other stakeholders.  The Company operates in a highly regulated 
industry across 39 states, each of which impose state-specific laws that cannot be overridden by a 
bankruptcy court.  These state regulatory regimes continue to apply in any liquidation scenario and 
will narrowly restrict how collateral may be sold or transferred.  Depending on the jurisdiction and 
subject to significant regulatory restrictions and/or requirements, collateral may generally only be 
sold back to the supplier, transferred to a licensed wholesale distributor, or sold on behalf of the 
Company to licensed retailers and cannot be transferred between different states.  Thus, while a 
liquidator could use the bankruptcy process to foreclose on the collateral under most state laws, 
the ability to sell or otherwise dispose of that collateral would remain significantly constrained by 
applicable state law in each jurisdiction the Company operates.

It is further undisputed that a full-scale liquidation of this Company is uniquely value 
destructive for three reasons.

•
First, the Company’s economic value resides in its durable operational assets accumulated 
over many decades—franchise rights, licenses, supplier portfolios, and an integrated 
distribution platform—that cannot be realized in a wind-down.

•
Second, in a liquidation, the “three-tier” alcohol system effectively blocks any high-volume 
exit channel for an alcohol distributor, forcing it to sell inventory on a compressed timeframe 
in a highly regulated state-by-state environment—an outcome that yields poor recoveries 
regardless of theoretical “orderly” assumptions.  Notably, in each state, there is a very limited 
set of potential purchasers (or even just one, in control states), each of whom is disincentivized 
from purchasing inventory from a liquidating distributor.  If the Bank Group has ever asked 
itself why there are not more examples of distributor liquidations, this is why.  Nor can 
suppliers be relied upon as a liquidation backstop for the inventory.  The wine, beer, and spirits 
industry remains materially oversupplied, with slowing depletions across most categories and 
widespread discounting already occurring at the supplier level.  In these circumstances, 
buybacks are discretionary accommodations, not scalable mechanisms for absorbing large 
volumes on compressed timelines.  This is particularly unlikely where suppliers are owed 
outstanding amounts by the Company as further described below.

•
Third, in retail chapter 11 cases involving inventory-centered businesses, unsellable collateral 
can often be abandoned via court order.  No such option would exist here given the collateral 
is alcohol and highly regulated.  See Midlantic Nat’l Bank v. N.J. Dep’t of Env’t Prot., 474 
U.S. 494, 507 (1986) (holding that a debtor “may not abandon property in contravention of a 
state statute or regulation that is reasonably designed to protect the public health or safety from 
identified hazards”).  Pursuant to applicable state law, unsellable inventory will have to be 
transported to a designated, licensed destruction facility, and any costs associated therewith 
will be borne by the Company and, ultimately, the Bank Group.  As a result, the Company, 
and by extension, the Bank Group, will be required, pursuant to a court order, to absorb 
significant costs (without any recovery) to responsibly dispose of the Company’s inventory 
that is rendered unsellable in a forced, expedited liquidation.  These challenges can be 
significantly mitigated in an out-of-court going-concern sale.

=== page 46 ===
Case 26-90737   Document 18   Filed in TXSB on 07/27/26   Page 46 of 78

Supplier Considerations

Immediate Stabilization of Supplier Relations is Key.  The Company is receiving notices 
of default, requests for adequate assurance, and/or notices of termination from suppliers, including 
many of its key suppliers, on a daily basis.  As a distributor, the Company’s ability to operate 
depends entirely on maintaining strong, reliable relationships with its suppliers.  Any interruption 
in supply has immediate and compounding consequences, including reputational harm and loss of 
revenue, which directly impact the value of the business and the Bank Group’s collateral.  The 
Company, with the assistance of its advisors, is actively managing the Company’s cash to provide 
partial payments where possible—which takes significant time and resources to prioritize and 
assess at a time when such resources should be focused on a value-maximizing path forward.  An 
unplanned, disorderly chapter 11 will only further frustrate the Company’s supplier base and erode 
supplier confidence and years of goodwill.

To help the Bank Group appreciate the gravity of this situation, I want to inform you that 
one of the Company’s largest suppliers sent a notice of termination to the Company on 
January 2, 2026, stating its intent to terminate its contracts with the Company across all markets.  
This supplier accounts for 10-15% of the Company’s total revenue in certain states and the 
termination of such agreements would undoubtedly adversely impact the Company’s 
going-concern value and materially impair the Company’s ability to sell certain states as a going 
concern.

The supplier community is concentrated and extremely close-knit.  Once one supplier 
makes noise in the marketplace, the other suppliers will follow suit (to the extent they haven’t 
already).  Once news of this termination is public, the narrative in the marketplace will be one of 
operational and financial instability—a narrative that will likely catalyze suppliers that have 
already sent notices of default to expedite sending notices of termination.  Additionally, as 
obligations continue to become due and owing without payment, it becomes increasingly apparent 
to suppliers that the Company lacks the liquidity to meet its obligations in the ordinary course.  
This results in heightened tension amongst the suppliers, accelerated payment demands, and a 
growing reluctance to continue supporting the business.  The Company has been nurturing its 
relationships with its suppliers for decades—losing credibility with these suppliers will have 
longstanding, irreversible impacts on the business.

While the Company’s outstanding payment obligations continue to grow, and, in turn, 
trigger defaults for non-payment under various contractual provisions, suppliers are not required 
to continue providing new inventory.  To be clear, this means that the longer the Bank Group waits 
to decide on a path forward and to negotiate any in-court or out-of-court financing, there is nothing 
compelling these suppliers to continue flowing inventory into the business.  Any effort to enforce 
these agreements against the suppliers will be illusory, as the Company does not have sufficient 
liquidity to survive the adjudication of such claims.  If the Bank Group continues to restrict the 
Company’s ability to pay critical suppliers, the consequences of that decision rest squarely with 
the Bank Group.

Chapter 11 Affords Limited Tools to Prevent Supplier Disruption.  Each amendment that 
has been executed with the Bank Group over the past few months has further tightened the 
Company’s liquidity position and restricted access to critical funds—funds that could have been

=== page 47 ===
Case 26-90737   Document 18   Filed in TXSB on 07/27/26   Page 47 of 78

directed to key suppliers to prevent operational disruption.  These constraints on liquidity have 
strained the Company’s relationships with its suppliers and impaired value across all markets.  
Simply filing for chapter 11 and running an in-court sale process will not reverse the loss of 
goodwill or restore value that has already been impaired.  Consummating the Centerbridge 
proposal is the only path to stabilization and a real opportunity to maximize value.  Timing is of 
the essence.  Each day that passes without meaningfully engaging on the Centerbridge proposal 
increases the risk that key suppliers will act on the termination notices already sent (which continue 
to accumulate).  Moreover, many suppliers operate without formal contracts and could stop 
supplying to the Company at any time, further heightening the urgency.

The notion that the automatic stay will thwart efforts to terminate these contracts 
fundamentally mischaracterizes the operational reality.  As the Company’s cash has been narrowly 
restricted with each amendment, the Company’s outstanding supplier balances have continued to 
grow.  The balances are substantial, and these suppliers are critical to any going-concern sale that 
would support a recovery to the Bank Group.  The costs associated with negotiating the assumption 
of these significant liabilities will further erode value rather than preserve it.  Relatedly, the costs 
associated with the litany of professionals who will be involved in these litigable issues and 
negotiations on a contract-by-contract basis will only further diminish value available to the estate, 
creating an additional drag on the Bank Group’s and other stakeholders’ recoveries.

As the Company continues to stress to the Bank Group, forcing the Company into a 
disorderly and unplanned chapter 11 will not resolve supplier attrition.  Many of the suppliers 
operate primarily on a purchase order basis; as a result, the automatic stay, which is one of the 
most powerful tools in bankruptcy, cannot compel these suppliers to continue performing or 
providing inventory given that there is no underlying agreement.  Since no wholesaler of a similar 
scale has ever filed for chapter 11, particularly for suppliers without long-term contracts, it is 
uncertain whether the automatic stay will prevent these suppliers from assigning distribution rights 
to their brands to other wholesale distributors.  Once distribution rights are lost, the Company 
cannot purchase, sell, or ship inventory.  To be clear, for suppliers with no contracts, if the 
Company loses a supplier’s distribution rights, the inventory (i.e., the Bank Group’s collateral) is 
effectively worthless because the Company can no longer purchase, sell, or deliver the products.  
Further, suppliers may refuse to ship to the Company on a postpetition basis if the Company does 
not have a clear path forward.

Consummating the Centerbridge proposal is the only way to mitigate supplier attrition—
the publicity around the capital infusion would unquestionably send a positive message to the 
market, highlighting that the Company is now well-capitalized and has the liquidity to pay 
suppliers.

Potential Strategic Alternatives

The Company and its advisors have presented the Bank Group with various potential 
value-maximizing strategic alternatives, each of which require time and liquidity to realize.  In 
addition to the Centerbridge proposal, these alternatives include (a) the potential sale leaseback of 
the Company’s real property, (b) a payoff of the A/R securitization facility, (c) the solicitation of 
third-party financing to refinance some or all of the Company’s funded debt, and (d) the pursuit of 
potential going-concern sales.

=== page 48 ===
Case 26-90737   Document 18   Filed in TXSB on 07/27/26   Page 48 of 78

With respect to the going-concern sale process, the Company has received two indications 
of interest to date for Virgina (together, the “IOIs”).  The approximate headline values of the IOIs 
range from $200 million to $240 million.  This is approximately 4.5 to 5.5x the hypothetical 
liquidation value, which underscores the notion that an out-of-court going concern sale is the better 
path for the Bank Group to maximize its recoveries.  Additionally, the sale process is in its early 
stages, and the receipt of two IOIs in such a short period of time demonstrates genuine market 
interest and the ability to create competitive tension if provided the opportunity to do so.

Importantly, progressing a sale of Virginia, or any other states for that matter, will require 
incremental funding and time in the near-term.  During any sale process, the Company will need 
to continue to pay and true-up suppliers to retain distribution rights and value associated with the 
underlying supplier agreements.  And with respect to franchise states, like Virgina, preserving 
franchise statute protections requires continued compliance with the supplier agreement.  
Non-payment of supplier invoices is grounds for termination in franchise states, so limitations on 
the Company’s ability to pay suppliers not only creates operational risk but also erodes the value 
of these highly protected markets that are critical to any going-concern sale.  This reinforces the 
need to address the Company’s near-term operational issues—if the Bank Group ultimately 
decides to give the Company the runway to pursue these value-maximizing sales, there needs to 
be a business left to sell.  Additionally, any outstanding obligations owed to suppliers that need to 
be cured will be assumed liabilities as part of any going-concern sale.  Thus, as these outstanding 
obligations continue to grow each day, the net value available to the estate in connection with 
potential going-concern sales is correspondingly reduced.

The current state of the business threatens the feasibility of any of the potential 
value-maximizing strategic alternatives.  Without stabilizing the business, particularly with respect 
to its suppliers, there is a meaningful risk that the Company will be unable to execute on otherwise 
viable value-maximizing strategies, further dissipating enterprise value and any recovery to the 
Bank Group.  We remain committed to ensuring that the Bank Group has full visibility into the 
current state of the business.

As counsel to the Company, it is our strong belief that the Bank Group’s best path forward 
is negotiating an agreement with Centerbridge on an out-of-court basis.  This is the path to stabilize 
the supplier relationships that underpin the asset sale process and ensure the regulatory hurdles 
and attendant costs of a chapter 11/liquidation are avoided.  If the Bank Group prefers the 
uncertainty and administrative costs of a chapter 11 process, the Company needed a financing 
proposal yesterday.

The Company reserves all rights.

Sincerely,

/s/  Joshua A. Sussberg

Joshua A. Sussberg, P.C.

cc:  John R. Ashmead – Counsel to National Distributing Company, Inc.
      Steven J. Reisman – Counsel to New BG Distribution Partners, LLC

=== page 49 ===
Case 26-90737   Document 18   Filed in TXSB on 07/27/26   Page 49 of 78

Exhibit C

Equity Holder Settlement Term Sheets

=== page 50 ===
Case 26-90737   Document 18   Filed in TXSB on 07/27/26   Page 50 of 78

Settlement Term Sheet Between  
(1) RNDC Debtors and (2) New BG Distribution Partners, LLC and Related Entities

1. 
In connection with seeking approval of a chapter 11 plan pursuant to title 11 of the 
United States Code, 11 U.S.C. §§ 101–1532 (the “Bankruptcy Code”), the Debtors will incorporate 
into their proposed chapter 11 plan, and seek approval of, a settlement pursuant to rule 9019 of the 
Federal Rules of Bankruptcy Procedure on the terms specified in this term sheet, subject to 
definitive documentation (the “NBG Settlement”).  A confirmed chapter 11 plan incorporating the 
terms of the NBG Settlement shall be defined as a “Conforming Plan.”

2. 
Under a Conforming Plan, in exchange for the NBG Released Parties providing the 
NBG Settlement Consideration to the Debtors, the Debtors shall (a) agree to the Fiduciary Trust 
Construct subject to the Fiduciary Trust Limitations with respect to the NBG Covered Claims; and 
(b) provide the NBG Released Parties with full and final releases from the Debtor Releasing Parties 
with respect to the NBG Non-Covered Claims.

3. 
Though the NBG Settlement will be subject to the approval of the Bankruptcy Court 
of a Conforming Plan, the NBG Settlement will be binding upon the NBG Released Parties upon 
the signing of this term sheet; provided that the NBG Settlement shall not be binding upon the 
NBG Released Parties if a Conforming Plan is not confirmed within 120 days hereof and effective 
within 30 days after such 120 days elapse unless the NBG Released Parties and RNDC mutually 
agree to extend such period.  In the event that the NBG Settlement is not approved and no 
Conforming Plan is confirmed, (a) each of the Debtors and the NBG Released Parties reserve any 
and all of their rights and defenses to any claims that would otherwise be the subject of the NBG 
Settlement, (b) the NBG Released Parties shall have no obligation to provide any portion of the 
NBG Settlement Consideration, and (c) the Debtors shall have no obligation to agree to the 
Fiduciary Trust Construct or provide any releases of NBG Non-Covered Claims to the NBG 
Released Parties.  Pursuant to Federal Rule of Evidence 408 and any other applicable rules of 
evidence, this term sheet and all negotiations relating hereto shall not be admissible into evidence 
in any proceeding of the validity or amount of any potential claims that would otherwise be the 
subject of the NBG Settlement.  The Debtors and the NBG Released Parties agree that the terms 
of the NBG Settlement were reached without any admission or concession as to any matters of fact 
or law.

4. 
The “NBG Settlement Consideration” shall consist of:

(a) 
a cash payment of $10.25 million from the NBG Released Parties to the 
Debtors on the effective date of a Conforming Plan, with the agreement that none of the 
NBG Released Parties will seek to have any portion of the $10.25 million or the 
professional fees associated with the negotiation of the NBG Settlement reimbursed from 
a Debtor D&O Policy;

(b) 
the waiver by the NBG Released Parties of any right to recover (whether 
under a chapter 11 plan or otherwise) from any Debtor, directly or indirectly, on account 
of any amounts in any way related to the 2L Facility, whether styled as a claim, debt, 
interest, participation, or otherwise, subject to confirmation from the RNDC credit facility 
agent and confirmation of tax or other issues to govern form;

=== page 51 ===
Case 26-90737   Document 18   Filed in TXSB on 07/27/26   Page 51 of 78

(c) 
the waiver by Marc Sachs, Grant Sechler, and Josh Zeller of any right to 
recover (whether under a chapter 11 plan or otherwise) from any Debtor, directly or 
indirectly, on account of any amounts in any way related to the Deferred Compensation 
Plan, subject to confirmation of tax, penalty or similar issues to govern form;

(d) 
the NBG Released Parties’ agreement to the Fiduciary Trust Construct 
subject to the Fiduciary Trust Limitations with respect to the NBG Covered Claims; and

(e) 
the waiver by the NBG Released Parties of any right to recover (whether 
under a chapter 11 plan or otherwise) from any Debtor, directly or indirectly, on account 
of any amounts in any way related to any Owner Subordinated Promissory Notes, whether 
styled as a claim, debt, interest, participation, or otherwise.

5. 
The NBG Released Parties agree to use commercially reasonable efforts to 
cooperate with and assist in obtaining support for the NBG Settlement and a Conforming Plan 
from the Debtors’ other stakeholders.

6. 
The NBG Released Parties agree that they shall not directly or indirectly, as 
applicable, propose, file, or support any chapter 11 plan that is not a Conforming Plan, which, for 
the avoidance, means a chapter 11 plan that does not provide for the approval and implementation 
of the NBG Settlement in accordance with the terms set forth herein, or take any other action that 
would, or would reasonably be expected to, prevent, interfere with, delay, or impede the approval 
or implementation of the NBG Settlement or the Conforming Plan.

7. 
The “NBG Covered Claims” shall consist of any and all claims and causes of action 
assertable by the Debtors, whether directly, derivatively, and whether styled as estate causes of 
action, property of the estate, or otherwise, concerning or arising out of any matter prior to the 
effective date of a Conforming Plan, that (a) are assertable against any NBG Released Party that 
is an insured (whether denominated as a “named insured,” “additional insured,” or otherwise) 
under a Debtor D&O Policy; and (b) assert a theory of recovery or loss that is ultimately covered 
by a Debtor D&O Policy.  Each such claim or cause of action shall be an “NBG Covered Claim.”

8. 
The “NBG Non-Covered Claims” shall consist of any claims and causes of action 
assertable by the Debtors, whether directly, derivatively, and whether styled as estate causes of 
action, property of the estate, or otherwise, concerning or arising out of any matter prior to the 
effective date of a Conforming Plan, that are (a) assertable against any NBG Released Party and 
(b) not an NBG Covered Claim.

9. 
The “Fiduciary Trust Construct” shall consist of the Debtors’ conveyance under a 
chapter 11 plan of both (a) the NBG Covered Claims and (b) the Debtor D&O Policies to a 
post-confirmation liquidating trust for the benefit of the Debtors’ general unsecured creditors, to 
be managed by a trustee or other entity with fiduciary obligations (the “Fiduciary Entity”), in all 
cases subject to the Fiduciary Trust Limitations.

10. 
The “Fiduciary Trust Limitations” shall consist of provisions in a chapter 11 plan 
and any documents implementing the Fiduciary Trust Construct that (i) any recovery by the 
Fiduciary Entity (and the beneficiaries thereof) on account of any NBG Covered Claim, including 
in each case by way of settlement or judgment, shall be satisfied solely by and to the extent of the

2

=== page 52 ===
Case 26-90737   Document 18   Filed in TXSB on 07/27/26   Page 52 of 78

proceeds of the Debtor D&O Policies, after payment from such Debtor D&O Policies of any and 
all covered costs and expenses incurred by any of the NBG Released Parties in connection with 
the defense of the NBG Covered Claims; (ii) any party, including any trustee or any beneficiary 
of the Fiduciary Entity (including, for the avoidance of doubt, any litigation trustee or oversight 
committee), seeking to execute, garnish, or otherwise attempt to collect on any settlement of or 
judgment in the NBG Covered Claims shall do so solely upon available insurance coverage; and 
(iii) no party shall (a) record any judgment against any NBG Released Party, or (b) otherwise 
attempt to collect, directly or indirectly, from the individual, personal, marital or joint interests or 
assets of any NBG Released Party (be it held through corporation, limited liability company, trust 
or otherwise).  For avoidance of doubt, this provision (i) does not release any NBG Released Party 
from any liability with respect to any NBG Covered Claim; (ii) does not absolve any NBG 
Released Party of any legal obligation to pay on account of liability incurred in relation to an NBG 
Covered Claim; and (iii) is intended only to identify the specific assets that would be used to satisfy 
any liability on account of an NBG Covered Claim and limit the recovery on such NBG Covered 
Claim to such assets.

11. 
The following defined terms not otherwise defined above shall have the following 
meanings:

(a) 
“Debtors” shall mean (1) Republic National Distributing Company, LLC, 
and (2) its subsidiaries and affiliates who file voluntary petitions for relief pursuant to 
chapter 11 of the Bankruptcy Code;

(b) 
“Debtor Releasing Parties” shall mean (1) the Debtors and (2) customary 
definitions of related parties of the Debtors, which shall be subject to the agreement of the 
Debtors and the NBG Released Parties.

(c) 
“NBG Released Parties” shall mean (1) New BG Distribution Partners, 
LLC, (i) Edward L. Block; (ii) Alan Dreeben; (iii) Barbara Block Dreeben; (iv) Margery 
Block Estate; (v) Margery Block Preferred; (vi) Allison Dreeben Zeller Family 2016 Trust 
I; (vii) Lisa Dreeben Sechler Family 2016 Trust I; (viii) Paige Dreeben Sachs Family 2016 
Trust I; (ix) Phil H. Boeck; (x) Phil Boeck Family LP; (xi) Stephanie Block; (xii) Stephanie 
Block Property Trust A; (xiii) Stephanie Block Property Trust B; (xiv) Stephanie Block 
Property Trust A Preferred; (xv) Stephanie Block Property Trust B Preferred; (xvi) Corey 
Block; (xvii) Corey Block Property Trust A; (xviii) Corey Block Property Trust B; (xix) 
Corey Block Property Trust A Preferred; (xx) Corey Block Property Trust B Preferred; 
(xxi) Allison Dreeben Zeller; (xxii) Josh Zeller; (xxiii) Allison Zeller and Josh Zeller 
Preferred; (xxiv) Lisa Dreeben Sechler; (xxv) Grant Kelly Sechler; (xxvi) Lisa Sechler and 
Grant Kelly Sechler Preferred; (xxvii) Paige Dreeben Sachs; (xxviii) Marc Sachs; (xxix) 
Paige Sachs and Marc Sachs Preferred; (xxx) BG Spirits, LLC and all members of the 
same; (xxxi) Block Distributing Company, Ltd. and all members of the same; (xxxii) Block 
Distributing Company, Ltd. Preferred Return; (xxxiii) MB–Stephanie L. Block DGT Trust; 
(xxxiv) MB–Corey A. Block DGT Trust; (xxxv) Allison Dreeben Zeller Trust I; (xxxvi) 
Lisa Dreeben Sechler Trust I; and (xxxvii) Paige Dreeben Sachs Trust I, together with the 
estates of any deceased individual identified above, and any trust established by, for the 
benefit of, or holding an interest on behalf of any individual or entity identified above, 
including any successor trustee or acting trustee thereof and (2) customary definitions of

3

=== page 53 ===
Case 26-90737   Document 18   Filed in TXSB on 07/27/26   Page 53 of 78

related parties of each of the foregoing, which shall be subject to the agreement of the 
Debtors and the NBG Released Parties.

(d) 
“2L Facility” shall mean any and all claims, obligations, debt, or amounts 
related to that certain Subordinated Credit Agreement dated as of December 19, 2024 
among National Distributing Company, Inc. as subordinated creditor and Republic 
National Distributing Company, LLC as borrower, as may be further amended, restated, 
supplemented, or otherwise modified from time to time.

(e) 
“Deferred Compensation Plan” shall mean that certain Second Amended 
and Restated Republic National Distributing Company, LLC Deferred Compensation Plan 
III, as may be amended, restated, amended and restated, supplemented, or otherwise 
modified from time to time.

(f) 
“Debtor D&O Policies” shall mean any and all Directors & Officers liability 
insurance policies or management liability insurance policies that provide coverage to any 
current or former directors or officers of any Debtors, including any tail policies;

(g) 
“Owner Subordinated Promissory Notes” shall mean any and all claims, 
obligations, debt, or amounts related to all Subordinated Promissory Notes dated August 
1, 2019, with Republic National Distributing Company, LLC as debtor/payor and any NBG 
Released Party as payee, as may be further amended, restated, supplemented, or otherwise 
modified from time to time, and any and all claims, obligations, debt, or amounts related 
to any other promissory notes with Republic National Distributing Company, LLC as 
debtor/payor and any NBG Released Party as payee, however denominated and whenever 
dated.

4

=== page 54 ===
Case 26-90737   Document 18   Filed in TXSB on 07/27/26   Page 54 of 78

Settlement Term Sheet Between  
(1) RNDC Debtors and (2) NDC Partners, LLC, National Distributing Company, Inc., NDC

Leasing Company, LLC and Related Entities

1. 
In connection with seeking approval of a chapter 11 plan pursuant to title 11 of the 
United States Code, 11 U.S.C. §§ 101–1532 (the “Bankruptcy Code”), the Debtors will incorporate 
into their proposed chapter 11 plan, and seek approval of, a settlement pursuant to rule 9019 of the 
Federal Rules of Bankruptcy Procedure on the terms specified in this term sheet, subject to 
definitive documentation (the “NDC Settlement”).  A confirmed chapter 11 plan incorporating the 
terms of the NDC Settlement shall be defined as a “Conforming Plan.”  RNDC and National 
Distributing Company, Inc. are simultaneously entering into a Term Sheet regarding Specified 
Services and Transferred Technology Services (as defined therein).

2. 
Under a Conforming Plan, in exchange for the NDC Released Parties providing the 
NDC Settlement Consideration to the Debtors, the Debtors shall (a) agree to the Fiduciary Trust 
Construct subject to the Fiduciary Trust Limitations with respect to the NDC Covered Claims; and 
(b) provide the NDC Released Parties with full and final releases from the Debtor Releasing Parties 
with respect to the NDC Non-Covered Claims.

3. 
Though the NDC Settlement will be subject to the approval of the Bankruptcy Court 
of a Conforming Plan, the NDC Settlement will be binding upon the NDC Released Parties upon 
the signing of this term sheet; provided that the NDC Settlement shall not be binding upon the 
NDC Released Parties if a Conforming Plan is not confirmed within 120 days hereof and effective 
within 30 days after such 120 days elapse unless NDC and RNDC mutually agree to extend such 
period.  In the event that the NDC Settlement is not approved and no Conforming Plan is 
confirmed, (a) each of the Debtors and the NDC Released Parties reserve any and all of their rights 
and defenses to any claims that would otherwise be the subject of the NDC Settlement, (b) the 
NDC Released Parties shall have no obligation to provide any portion of the NDC Settlement 
Consideration, and (c) the Debtors shall have no obligation to agree to the Fiduciary Trust 
Construct or provide any releases of NDC Non-Covered Claims to the NDC Released Parties.  
Pursuant to Federal Rule of Evidence 408 and any other applicable rules of evidence, this term 
sheet and all negotiations relating hereto shall not be admissible into evidence in any proceeding 
of the validity or amount of any potential claims that would otherwise be the subject of the NDC 
Settlement.  The Debtors and the NDC Released Parties agree that the terms of the NDC Settlement 
were reached without any admission or concession as to any matters of fact or law.

4. 
The “NDC Settlement Consideration” shall consist of:

(a) 
a cash payment of $40 million from the NDC Released Parties to the 
Debtors on the effective date of a Conforming Plan, with the agreement that none of the 
NDC Released Parties will seek to have any portion of the $40 million or the professional 
fees associated with the negotiation of the NDC Settlement reimbursed from a Debtor D&O 
Policy;

(b) 
the waiver by the NDC Released Parties of any right to recover (whether 
under a chapter 11 plan or otherwise) from any Debtor, directly or indirectly, on account 
of any amounts in any way related to the 2L Facility, whether styled as a claim, debt,

=== page 55 ===
Case 26-90737   Document 18   Filed in TXSB on 07/27/26   Page 55 of 78

interest, participation, or otherwise subject to confirmation from the RNDC credit facility 
agent and the New BG participants with respect to their participation in the 2L Facility, 
and confirmation of tax or other issues to govern form;

(c) 
the waiver by Richard J. Davis, Elizabeth A. Davis, Kenneth Rosenberg, 
and H. Alan Rosenberg of any right to recover (whether under a chapter 11 plan or 
otherwise) from any Debtor, directly or indirectly, on account of any amounts in any way 
related to the Deferred Compensation Plan, subject to confirmation of tax, penalty or 
similar issues to govern form; and

(d) 
the NDC Released Parties’ agreement to the Fiduciary Trust Construct 
subject to the Fiduciary Trust Limitations with respect to the NDC Covered Claims.

5. 
The NDC Released Parties agree to use commercially reasonable efforts to 
cooperate with and assist in obtaining support for the NDC Settlement and a Conforming Plan 
from the Debtors’ other stakeholders.

6. 
The NDC Released Parties agree that they shall not directly or indirectly, as 
applicable, propose, file, or support any chapter 11 plan that is not a Conforming Plan, which, for 
the avoidance of doubt, means a chapter 11 plan that does not provide for the approval and 
implementation of the NDC Settlement in accordance with the terms set forth herein, or take any 
other action that would, or would reasonably be expected to, prevent, interfere with, delay, or 
impede the approval or implementation of the NDC Settlement or the Conforming Plan.

7. 
The “NDC Covered Claims” shall consist of any and all claims and causes of action 
assertable by the Debtors, whether directly, derivatively, and whether styled as estate causes of 
action, property of the estate, or otherwise, concerning or arising out of any matter prior to the 
effective date of a Conforming Plan, that (a) are assertable against any NDC Released Party that 
is an insured (whether denominated as a “named insured,” “additional insured,” or otherwise) 
under a Debtor D&O Policy; and (b) assert a theory of recovery or loss that is ultimately covered 
by a Debtor D&O Policy.  Each such claim or cause of action shall be an “NDC Covered Claim.”

8. 
The “NDC Non-Covered Claims” shall consist of any claims and causes of action 
assertable by the Debtors, whether directly, derivatively, and whether styled as estate causes of 
action, property of the estate, or otherwise, concerning or arising out of any matter prior to the 
effective date of a Conforming Plan, that are (a) assertable against any NDC Released Party and 
(b) not an NDC Covered Claim.

9. 
The “Fiduciary Trust Construct” shall consist of the Debtors’ conveyance under a 
chapter 11 plan of both (a) the NDC Covered Claims and (b) the Debtor D&O Policies to a 
post-confirmation liquidating trust for the benefit of the Debtors’ general unsecured creditors, to 
be managed by a trustee or other entity with fiduciary obligations (the “Fiduciary Entity”), in all 
cases subject to the Fiduciary Trust Limitations.

10. 
The “Fiduciary Trust Limitations” shall consist of provisions in a chapter 11 plan 
and any documents implementing the Fiduciary Trust Construct that (i) any recovery by the 
Fiduciary Entity (and the beneficiaries thereof) on account of any NDC Covered Claim, including 
in each case by way of settlement or judgment, shall be satisfied solely by and to the extent of the

2

=== page 56 ===
Case 26-90737   Document 18   Filed in TXSB on 07/27/26   Page 56 of 78

proceeds of the Debtor D&O Policies, after payment from such Debtor D&O Policies of any and 
all covered costs and expenses incurred by any of the NDC Released Parties in connection with 
the defense of the NDC Covered Claims; (ii) any party, including any trustee or any beneficiary 
of the Fiduciary Entity (including, for the avoidance of doubt, any litigation trustee or oversight 
committee), seeking to execute, garnish, or otherwise attempt to collect on any settlement of or 
judgment in the NDC Covered Claims shall do so solely upon available insurance coverage; and 
(iii) no party shall (a) record any judgment against any NDC Released Party, or (b) otherwise 
attempt to collect, directly or indirectly, from the individual, personal, marital or joint interests or 
assets of any NDC Released Party (be it held through corporation, limited liability company, trust 
or otherwise).  For avoidance of doubt, this provision (i) does not release any NDC Released Party 
from any liability with respect to any NDC Covered Claim; (ii) does not absolve any NDC 
Released Party of any legal obligation to pay on account of liability incurred in relation to an NDC 
Covered Claim; and (iii) is intended only to identify the specific assets that would be used to satisfy 
any liability on account of an NDC Covered Claim and limit the recovery on such NDC Covered 
Claim to such assets.

11. 
The following defined terms not otherwise defined above shall have the following 
meanings:

(a) 
“Debtors” shall mean (1) Republic National Distributing Company, LLC, 
and (2) its subsidiaries and affiliates who file voluntary petitions for relief pursuant to 
chapter 11 of the Bankruptcy Code;

(b) 
“Debtor Releasing Parties” shall mean (1) the Debtors and (2) customary 
definitions of related parties of the Debtors, which shall be subject to the agreement of the 
Debtors and the NDC Released Parties.

(c) 
“NDC Released Parties” shall mean (1) NDC Partners, LLC, (2) National 
Distributing Company, Inc., (3) NDC Leasing Company, LLC, (4) Atlanta Wines 
International, Inc., (5) the NDC Owners, and (6) customary definitions of related parties of 
each of the foregoing, which shall be subject to the agreement of the Debtors and the NDC 
Released Parties.

(d) 
“NDC Owners” shall mean Jay M. Davis; Richard J. Davis; Elizabeth A. 
Davis; Dulcy D. Rosenberg; H. Jerry Rosenberg; H. Alan Rosenberg; Kenneth Rosenberg; 
Karen R. Musa; Chris M. Carlos; Helen A Carlos, James A. Carlos; John A. Carlos; Carlos 
Company; John A. Carlos, Trustee of the Helen A. Carlos Family Trust u/a December 19, 
2012; James A. Carlos, Trustee of the 2012 Helen S. Carlos Irrevocable Trust u/a 
December 31, 2012; Helen S. Carlos, Trustee of the 2012 James A. Carlos Irrevocable 
Trust u/a December 31, 2012; Elaine F. Carlos Family Trust; Chris M. Carlos Revocable 
Trust; Andrew C. Carlos Family Investments LLC; John A. Carlos & James A. Carlos, Co- 
Trustees of the John A. Carlos Family Trust U/A March 1, 2013; and each of their 
respective spouses, children, trustees, beneficiaries, and owners.

(e) 
“2L Facility” shall mean any and all claims, obligations, debt, or amounts 
related to that certain Subordinated Credit Agreement dated as of December 19, 2024 
among National Distributing Company, Inc. as subordinated creditor and Republic

3

=== page 57 ===
Case 26-90737   Document 18   Filed in TXSB on 07/27/26   Page 57 of 78

National Distributing Company, LLC as borrower, as may be further amended, restated, 
supplemented, or otherwise modified from time to time.

(f) 
“Deferred Compensation Plan” shall mean that certain Second Amended 
and Restated Republic National Distributing Company, LLC Deferred Compensation Plan 
III, as may be amended, restated, amended and restated, supplemented, or otherwise 
modified from time to time.

(g) 
“Debtor D&O Policies” shall mean any and all Directors & Officers liability 
insurance policies or management liability insurance policies that provide coverage to any 
current or former directors or officers of any Debtors, including any tail policies.

4

=== page 58 ===
Case 26-90737   Document 18   Filed in TXSB on 07/27/26   Page 58 of 78

Exhibit D

Credit Agreement Amendments

=== page 59 ===
Case 26-90737   Document 18   Filed in TXSB on 07/27/26   Page 59 of 78

• On November 21, 2025, the Company and the Lenders entered into the eleventh 
amendment to the Credit Agreement (the “Eleventh Amendment”):  (a) instituted tight 
milestones by which the Company was required to present potential strategic alternatives 
to the Agent; (b) inserted a “block” against the borrowing base; (c) increased the interest 
rate of the Credit Facilities by 100 basis points; (d) waived prior events of default; and 
(e) included several additional reporting and lender engagement obligations, such as 
weekly borrowing base reporting.

• On December 22, 2025, the Company and the Lenders entered into the twelfth amendment 
to the Credit Agreement (the “Twelfth Amendment”), which (a) provided for the reduction 
of the availability “block” set forth in the Eleventh Amendment from $120 million to 
$100 million upon the occurrence of certain trigger events; (b) increased the interest rate 
of the Credit Facilities by an additional 200 basis points; and (c) required the appointment 
of a chief restructuring officer and an additional independent director.

• On January 8, 2026, the Company and the Lenders entered into the thirteenth amendment 
to the Credit Agreement, which, among other things, facilitated the payoff of the 
Company’s then-outstanding accounts receivable securitization facility.

• On January 16, 2026, the Company and the Lenders entered into the fourteenth 
amendment to the Credit Agreement, which (a) provided for new priority delayed draw 
term loan commitments in an aggregate principal amount of $250 million, (b) introduced 
certain milestones related to the Reyes Sale Transactions and other sale transactions, and 
(c) required the Company to market substantially all of its assets.

• On January 30, 2026, the Company and the Lenders entered into a limited waiver and 
fifteenth amendment to the Credit Agreement, which waived any existing defaults or events 
of default related to failure to comply with the variance test related to disbursements and 
introduced additional restrictions on borrowing the delayed draw term loans.

• On March 6, 2026, the Company and the Lenders entered into the limited waiver and 
sixteenth amendment to the Credit Agreement, which (a) waived any defaults or events of 
default related to failure to meet specified milestones and variance tests, (b) increased the 
interest rate applicable to all tranches of loans under the Credit Agreement to SOFR plus 
5.90%, (c) revised certain milestones related to the Reyes Sale Transactions and other sale 
transactions, and (d) required the establishment of the Special Committee with full 
authority and sole decision-making power with respect to the approval and consummation 
of certain asset sales.

• On April 16, 2026, the Company and the Lenders entered into the seventeenth amendment 
to the Credit Agreement, which (a) required the Debtors to pay a $6 million amendment 
fee and certain arranger fees and (b) reduced the availability “block” set forth in the Twelfth 
Amendment to (i) $60 million on April 16, 2026 and (ii) $40 million on April 23, 2026.

• On May 7, 2026, the Company and the Lenders entered into the eighteenth amendment to 
the Credit Agreement, which (a) released certain reserves against the borrowing base and 
(b) permitted the sale of the Idaho joint venture.

=== page 60 ===
Case 26-90737   Document 18   Filed in TXSB on 07/27/26   Page 60 of 78

• On May 20, 2026, the Company and the Lenders entered into the nineteenth amendment 
to the Credit Agreement, which  (a) amended certain milestones related to the contemplated 
sale transactions and (b) gave the Agent discretion to remove cash dominion over some or 
all of the loan parties’ deposit accounts.

• On June 18, 2026, the Company and the Lenders entered into the forbearance and 
twentieth amendment to the Credit Agreement, which (a) allowed the Debtors to access an 
incremental $40 million and (b) provided that the Lenders would forbear from exercising 
remedies with respect to the failure to make certain interest payments and mandatory 
prepayments on the ABL Facility until July 3, 2026.

• On July 3, 2026, the Company and the Lenders entered into the forbearance and 
twenty-first amendment to the Credit Agreement, which (a) allowed the Debtors to access 
an incremental $34 million and (b) provided that the Lenders would forbear from 
exercising remedies with respect to the failure to make certain interest payments and 
mandatory prepayments on the ABL Facility until July 17, 2026.

• On July 17, 2026, the Company and the Lenders entered into the forbearance and 
twenty-second amendment to the Credit Agreement, which (a) allowed the Debtors to 
access an incremental $5.5 million and (b) provided that the Lenders would forbear from 
exercising remedies with respect to the failure to make certain interest payments and 
mandatory prepayments on the ABL Facility until July 26, 2026.

• On July 26, 2026, the Company and the Lenders entered into the forbearance and 
twenty-third amendment to the Credit Agreement, which (a) reduced the aggregate 
revolving credit commitments under the Credit Facilities to $325 million and (b) extended 
the forbearance period to July 26, 2026.  This amendment was technical in nature, done at 
the request of the Lenders prior to the Company’s chapter 11 filing, and did not affect the 
Company’s ability to borrow or otherwise materially alter the Company’s rights under the 
Credit Agreement.

=== page 61 ===
Case 26-90737   Document 18   Filed in TXSB on 07/27/26   Page 61 of 78

Exhibit E

NDC Term Sheet

=== page 62 ===
Case 26-90737   Document 18   Filed in TXSB on 07/27/26   Page 62 of 78

Term Sheet Services Agreement Between  
(1) RNDC and (2) National Distributing Company, Inc.

1. 
In exchange for the payment from National Distributing Company, Inc. (“NDC”) 
to Republic National Distributing Company, LLC (“RNDC”) of the Monthly Services Fee, 
RNDC shall provide NDC with (a) the Specified Services from the Petition Date through the 
Termination Date and (b) the Transferred Technology Services.

2. 
To the extent necessary, RNDC shall seek approval from the Bankruptcy Court of 
the provision of the Specified Services to NDC on the terms set forth in this term sheet.

3. 
The “Monthly Services Fee” shall mean $1.6 million per month paid in cash, due 
in advance on the 1st of every calendar month following the Petition Date (beginning August 1, 
2026) through the Termination Date.  RNDC shall not be entitled to and shall not receive any 
pro-rated Monthly Services Fee for the portion of the month between the Petition Date and 
August 1, 2026, and NDC shall not be entitled to and shall not receive any credit or pro-rating of 
the Monthly Services fee for the portion of any month between the Termination Date and the end 
of the calendar month in which the Termination Date occurs.

4. 
The “Specified Services” shall mean the accounting, treasury, HR services 
(Payroll/Benefits), IT support, and general back-office and support services provided by RNDC 
to NDC in the ordinary course of business prior to the Petition Date and such other transition 
services as required to enable NDC to operate on a standalone basis after the Termination Date.

5. 
For the avoidance of doubt, the Monthly Services Fee and the Specified Services 
are separate from, and shall not include or cover, the payment or resolution of any amounts due 
to or from NDC or RNDC with respect to any post-Petition Date matters related to shared 
suppliers, inventory, insurance, or the rental of real estate, which shall be paid and resolved in 
the ordinary course subject to approval of a motion addressing such matters by the Bankruptcy 
Court.

6. 
The “Transferred Technology Services” shall consist of the following rights and 
obligations:

(a) 
Definitions. “Transferred Technology” means all software, source code, 
object code, compiled applications, middleware, databases (including all schemas, stored 
procedures, triggers, and database jobs), integration layer components, APIs, 
configuration files, deployment scripts, virtual machine images, and associated technical 
documentation comprising or required to operate the Alpha warehouse management 
system and all other operationally-required software and applications used in the conduct 
of the NDC business, financial reporting software, and any associated applications 
(collectively, the "Alpha Platform").

(b) 
Interim Operating Rights. Between the Petition Date and the Termination 
Date, NDC shall have the right to continue operating within and accessing the shared 
technology environment currently used to run the Alpha Platform. NDC shall not be 
required to operate on a fully standalone basis prior to the Termination Date. RNDC shall 
maintain the Alpha Platform in its current operational state and shall not materially alter,

=== page 63 ===
Case 26-90737   Document 18   Filed in TXSB on 07/27/26   Page 63 of 78

degrade, or restrict NDC's access to the Alpha Platform or the shared environment prior 
to the Termination Date without NDC's prior written consent.

(c) 
 Escrow Deposit. Within thirty (30) days of the Petition Date, RNDC shall 
deposit a complete copy of the Transferred Technology into a mutually agreed third-party 
source code escrow repository (the “Escrow”), including all items necessary to compile, 
deploy, and operate the Alpha Platform in a standalone environment. NDC shall be 
named as a beneficiary of the Escrow with release rights triggered upon the Termination 
Date.

(d) 
 Transfer of Ownership. Upon the Termination Date, RNDC shall assign 
and transfer to NDC all right, title, and interest in and to the Transferred Technology, free 
and clear of all liens, claims, and encumbrances, together with all associated vendor 
contracts, maintenance agreements, and third-party licenses necessary to operate the 
Alpha Platform, to the extent assignable. RNDC shall execute all documents and take all 
actions reasonably necessary to effectuate such transfer.

(e) 
 License-Back. Following the transfer of the Transferred Technology to 
NDC, NDC shall grant RNDC a limited, non-exclusive, royalty-free license to use the 
Alpha Platform solely to the extent necessary for RNDC to fulfill its obligations under 
any remaining wind-down activities, which license shall terminate automatically upon 
RNDC's cessation of operations or wind-down completion, whichever is earlier.

(f) 
 Diligence Process. The parties acknowledge that AlixPartners has 
requested the opportunity to conduct diligence in connection with the transfer of the 
Transferred Technology. The parties agree to cooperate in good faith to complete such 
diligence within thirty (30) days of the Petition Date (the “Diligence Period”). The 
Debtors' obligation to transfer the Transferred Technology shall not be conditioned upon 
or delayed beyond the expiration of the Diligence Period. If the diligence process 
identifies any third-party IP, encumbrances, or license restrictions that preclude RNDC 
from affecting the transfer, the parties shall negotiate in good faith to resolve such issues 
within the Diligence Period.

(g) 
 Key Personnel. Between the Petition Date and the Termination Date, 
RNDC shall make available to NDC, upon reasonable request, those employees with 
material knowledge of the architecture, operation, and maintenance of the Alpha 
Platform, for purposes of knowledge transfer. RNDC shall use commercially reasonable 
efforts to retain such personnel through the Termination Date.

(h) 
In the event that RNDC is not permitted to transfer ownership of 
Transferred Technology (as defined above) under third-party agreements or otherwise 
unable to comply with the above terms with respect to Transferred Technology Services 
for reasons that are not within the control of RNDC despite its best efforts, NDC agrees 
to work with RNDC in good faith to agree on alternative terms, in NDC’s sole 
satisfaction, that will enable NDC to operate on a standalone basis.

2

=== page 64 ===
Case 26-90737   Document 18   Filed in TXSB on 07/27/26   Page 64 of 78

7. 
The “Petition Date” shall mean the date on which RNDC files a petition under 
chapter 11 of the Bankruptcy Code.

8. 
The “Termination Date” shall mean (a) with respect to the provision of the 
Specified Services, the earlier of (1) 90 days after the Petition Date, (2) a date mutually agreed 
upon by NDC and RNDC, or (3) the effective date of any confirmed plan of reorganization for 
RNDC; and (b) with respect to the Transferred Technology Services, (1) the date determined in 
the foregoing clause or (2) in the event clause (h) of Transferred Technology Services applies, a 
date mutually agreed upon by NDC and RNDC.

9. 
For the avoidance of doubt, the terms, agreements, and rights and obligations 
provided pursuant to this term sheet are independent from, and shall not be conditioned upon the 
effectiveness of, any separate settlement term sheet between NDC and RNDC, and nothing 
contained in this term sheet affects or modifies the provisions of any such settlement term sheet.  
This term sheet does not address, release, resolve, or otherwise affect any potential claims or 
causes of action relating to the provision of any services by RNDC to NDC prior to the Petition 
Date, and the terms of this term sheet were reached without any admission or concession as to 
any matters of fact or law.

3

=== page 65 ===
Case 26-90737   Document 18   Filed in TXSB on 07/27/26   Page 65 of 78

Exhibit F 
Evidentiary Support for First Day Motions

1

1  
Capitalized terms used but not otherwise defined herein shall have the meanings ascribed to them in the applicable 
First Day Motion.

=== page 66 ===
Case 26-90737   Document 18   Filed in TXSB on 07/27/26   Page 66 of 78

Evidentiary Support for First Day Motions

2

1. 
Joint Administration Motion.  The Debtors’ Emergency Motion for Entry of an

Order (I) Directing Joint Administration of the Debtors’ Chapter 11 Cases and (II) Granting

Related Relief seeks joint administration of the Debtors’ cases for procedural purposes only, given

the integrated nature of the Debtors’ operations.  Joint administration of these chapter 11 cases for

procedural purposes only will provide significant administrative convenience without harming the

substantive rights of any party in interest.  The entry of an order directing joint administration of

these chapter 11 cases will reduce fees and costs by avoiding duplicative filings and objections.

Joint administration also will allow the U.S. Trustee and all parties in interest to monitor these

chapter 11 cases with greater ease and efficiency.

2. 
156(c) Retention.  The Debtors’ Emergency Ex Parte Application for Entry of an

Order Authorizing the Employment and Retention of Omni Agent Solutions, Inc. as Claims,

Noticing, and Solicitation Agent seeks authority to employ Omni Agent Solutions, Inc. (“Omni”)

as claims, noticing, and solicitation agent for the Debtors.  Omni’s employment is in the best

interest of the estates in light of the number of parties in interest and the complexity of the Debtors’

businesses because it will provide the most efficient and effective means for noticing and

administering claims and solicitating and tabulating votes.  Further, Omni has the expertise

required for complex chapter 11 cases.

3. 
Creditor Matrix Motion.  The Debtors’ Emergency Motion for Entry of an Order

(I) Authorizing the Debtors to (A) File a Consolidated Creditor Matrix, (B) Redact or Withhold

Certain Confidential Information of Customers, and (C) Redact Certain Personally Identifiable

2  
To the extent there is any conflict or inconsistency between the relief described herein and the relief requested in 
the applicable First Day Motion, the relief requested in the applicable First Day Motion shall govern.

=== page 67 ===
Case 26-90737   Document 18   Filed in TXSB on 07/27/26   Page 67 of 78

Information of Natural Persons, (II) Approving the Form and Manner of Notifying Creditors of

the Commencement of the Chapter 11 Cases and Other Information, and (III) Granting Related

Relief seeks a court order (a) authorizing the Debtors to (i) file a consolidated creditor matrix,

(ii) redact or withhold certain confidential information of customers, and (iii) redact certain

personally identifiable information of natural persons from the Consolidated Creditor Matrix, the

Consolidated Top 30 Creditors List, the Debtors’ Schedules and Statement, the Equityholders List,

and other documents filed in these chapter 11 cases, and (b) approving the form and manner of

notifying creditors of the commencement of these chapter 11 cases and other information.

Bankruptcy Rule 1007(a)(1) requires a debtor to file “a list containing the name and address of

each entity included or to be included on Schedules D, E/F, G, and H[.]”  Fed. R. Bankr. P.

1007(a)(1).  Because the preparation of separate lists of creditors for each Debtor would be

expensive, time consuming, and administratively burdensome, the Debtors should be authorized

to file one Consolidated Creditor Matrix for all Debtors.  Additionally, the redaction of certain

personally identifiable information of customers and individuals is necessary due to the privacy

and safety concerns that would arise if such information were disclosed in the Debtors’ court

filings and to help the Debtors comply with applicable privacy laws.  Publicly distributing the

Customer List in exchange for no renumeration would provide the Debtors’ competitors with

valuable and competitively sensitive information about the Debtors’ commercial operations,

destroy value, and undermine the Debtors’ ongoing sale efforts.  If the Customer List is disclosed,

the Debtors’ competitors would inevitably launch broad solicitation campaigns, significantly

increasing the risk of Customer attrition and distracting the Debtors from their sale efforts.

Approving the form and manner of the notice of commencement is necessary to avoid confusion

among creditors as well as to prevent the Debtors’ estates from incurring unnecessary costs

=== page 68 ===
Case 26-90737   Document 18   Filed in TXSB on 07/27/26   Page 68 of 78

associated with serving multiple notices to the parties listed on the Debtors’ voluminous

Consolidated Creditor Matrix.

4. 
Schedules/SOFA Motion.  The Debtors’ Emergency Motion for Entry of an Order

(I) Extending Time to File (A) Schedules and Statements and (B) Rule 2015.3 Financial Reports,

(II) Modifying the Requirements of Bankruptcy Local Rule 2015-3, and (III) Granting Related

Relief seeks authority to (a) extend the deadline by which the Debtors must file their Schedules

and Statements and 2015.3 Reports to fifty-nine days from the Petition Date and (b) modify the

requirements of rule 2015-3 of the Bankruptcy Local Rules to allow the Debtors to file the 2015.3

reports every six months, rather than monthly.  The ordinary operation of the Debtors’ businesses

requires the Debtors to maintain voluminous books, records, and complex accounting systems.  To

prepare their Schedules and Statements and 2015.3 Reports, the Debtors will have to compile

information from books, records, and documents relating to thousands of claims, assets, and

contracts from each Debtor entity.  This information is extensive and located in numerous places

throughout the Debtors’ organization.  The Debtors, with the assistance of their professional

advisors, are mobilizing their employees to work diligently and expeditiously on preparing the

Schedules and Statements, but resources are strained.  Given the amount of work entailed in

completing the Schedules and Statements and the competing demands on the Debtors’ employees

and professionals to assist with stabilizing business operations during the initial postpetition

period, and the critical matters that the Debtors’ management and professionals were required to

address prior to the commencement of these Chapter 11 Cases, the Debtors likely will not be able

to properly and accurately complete the Schedules and Statements within the required time period.

Moreover, collecting the necessary information for the 2015.3 Reports requires an enormous

expenditure of time and efforts on the part of the Debtors, their employees, and their professional

=== page 69 ===
Case 26-90737   Document 18   Filed in TXSB on 07/27/26   Page 69 of 78

advisors on a consistent, monthly basis when these resources would be best used to restructure the

Debtors’ businesses.  As such, ample cause exists to extend the time by which the Debtors must

prepare their Schedules and Statements and 2015.3 Reports and modify rule 2015-3 of the

Bankruptcy Code to allow the Debtors to file the 2015.3 Reports every six months.  Finally, the

relief requested will not prejudice any party in interest.

5. 
Taxes Motion.  The Debtors’ Emergency Motion for Entry of an Order

(I) Authorizing the Debtors to (A) Pay Certain Taxes and Fees and (B) Undertake Certain Tax

Planning Activities, and (II) Granting Related Relief seeks authority to:  (a) negotiate, remit, and

pay (or use tax credits to offset) or otherwise satisfy any Taxes and Fees in the ordinary course of

business that are payable as of the Petition Date or become payable during these chapter 11 cases,

including any obligations arising on account of any Audit or Assessment, without regard to

whether such obligations accrued or arose before, on, or after the Petition Date and (b) undertake

Tax Planning Activities, as necessary.  Failure to pay Taxes and Fees could materially disrupt the

Debtors’ business operations, as taxing Authorities may initiate Audits of the Debtors, attempt to

suspend the Debtors’ operations, file liens, seek to lift the automatic stay, and/or pursue other

remedies that will harm the Debtors’ estates.  Further, claims on account of certain of the Taxes

and Fees may be priority claims entitled to payment before general unsecured claims, and certain

of those claims may be entitled to secured status.  Finally, the Debtors’ failure to pay the prepetition

Taxes and Fees as they come due may ultimately increase the Debtors’ tax liability via interest and

penalties and, in some instances, could result in personal liability for certain of the Debtors’

directors and officers, which would likely distract those key individuals from their duties related

to the Debtors’ restructuring efforts.

=== page 70 ===
Case 26-90737   Document 18   Filed in TXSB on 07/27/26   Page 70 of 78

6. 
Insurance Motion.  The Debtors’ Emergency Motion for Entry of an Order

(I) Authorizing the Debtors to (A) Maintain Insurance Coverage, Surety Bond Program, and

Letters of Credit Entered into Prepetition and Satisfy Prepetition Obligations Related Thereto,

(B) Continue to Pay Certain Claims Processing Fees, and (C) Renew, Amend, Supplement, Extend,

Purchase, Cancel, and Enter Into New Insurance Policies, Letters of Credit, and Surety Bonds and

(II) Granting Related Relief seeks authority to (a) maintain insurance coverage entered into

prepetition, maintain the Surety Bond Program on an uninterrupted basis, and maintain the Letters

of Credit on an uninterrupted basis and, in each case satisfy prepetition obligations related thereto

in the ordinary course of business, including through the NDC Intercompany Transactions, as and

if applicable, (b) satisfy payment of prepetition obligations on account of, and continue to pay,

Claims Processing Fees in the ordinary course of business, and (c) renew, amend, supplement,

modify, extend, purchase, cancel, and enter into new insurance policies, Letters of Credit, and

Surety Bonds in the ordinary course of business on a postpetition basis.  The continuation and

renewal of the Debtors’ Insurance Policies (including the Reyes TSA Insurance Policies), Letters

of Credit, and Surety Bond Program are essential to preserving the value of the Debtors’

businesses, properties, and assets.

7. 
Utilities Motion.  The Debtors’ Emergency Motion for Entry of an Order

(I) Approving the Debtors’ Proposed Adequate Assurance of Payment for Future Utility Services,

(II) Prohibiting Utility Providers from Altering, Refusing, or Discontinuing Services,

(III) Approving the Debtors’ Proposed Procedures for Resolving Adequate Assurance Requests,

and (IV) Granting Related Relief seeks a court order (a) determining that the Adequate Assurance

Procedures provide the Utility Providers with adequate assurance of payment within the meaning

of section 366 of the Bankruptcy Code, (b) prohibiting the Utility Providers from altering, refusing,

=== page 71 ===
Case 26-90737   Document 18   Filed in TXSB on 07/27/26   Page 71 of 78

or discontinuing services, and (c) approving procedures for resolving any dispute concerning

adequate assurance in the event that a Utility Provider is not satisfied with the Proposed Adequate

Assurance.  If any Utility Provider refused or discontinued the Utility Services, even for a brief

period, the Debtors’ business operations would be severely disrupted.  Further, the Debtors would

incur significant costs to restart disrupted operations.  Any disruption to the Utility Services would

also materially impair the Debtors’ revenue-generating and distribution capabilities, thereby

jeopardizing the Debtors’ ability to maximize the value of their estates pursuant to the

contemplated sales to the detriment of all stakeholders.  It is therefore essential that the Utility

Services continue uninterrupted during these chapter 11 cases.

8. 
Cash Management Motion.  The Debtors’ Emergency Motion for Entry of Interim

and Final Orders (I) Authorizing the Debtors to (A) Continue to Operate the Cash Management

System, (B) Maintain Existing Bank Accounts, Business Forms, and Books and Records, and

(C) Continue Intercompany Transactions, (II) Granting Administrative Expense Status to Certain

Postpetition Intercompany Transactions, and (III) Granting Related Relief seeks a court order

(a) authorizing the Debtors to (i) continue to operate their Cash Management System, (ii) maintain

their existing Bank Accounts, Business Forms, and Books and Records, and (iii) continue to

perform the Intercompany Transactions and funding consistent with the Debtors’ historical

practices, subject to the terms described therein; (b) granting administrative expense status to the

Intercompany Transactions on a postpetition basis to transactions (i) among the Debtors and

(ii) between the Debtors and certain of the JVs; and (c) granting related relief.  The Debtors are

seeking to continue their Cash Management System because, among other reasons, any disruption

to the system could jeopardize the Debtors’ value-maximizing sale processes.  Because of the

nature and operational scale of the Debtors’ businesses, any disruption to the Cash Management

=== page 72 ===
Case 26-90737   Document 18   Filed in TXSB on 07/27/26   Page 72 of 78

System would have an immediate and material adverse effect on the Debtors’ businesses and

operations to the detriment of their estates and stakeholders.

9. 
Wages Motion.  The Debtors’ Emergency Motion for Entry of an Order

(I) Authorizing the Debtors to (A) Pay Prepetition Wages, Salaries, Other Compensation, and

Reimbursable Expenses and (B) Continue Employee Benefits Programs and (II) Granting Related

Relief seeks authority to pay prepetition wages, salaries, other compensation, and reimbursable

expenses and continue employee benefits programs in the ordinary course.  The Debtors are

seeking authority to pay and honor certain prepetition claims relating to the Compensation and

Benefits, including, among other things, Employee Wages, Commissions, Managed Service

Provider Fees, Independent Contractor Obligations, Staffing Agency Fees, Payroll Deductions,

Payroll Taxes, and Union Dues, Payroll Processing Fees, Non-Insider Employee Bonus Programs,

Non-Employee Director Compensation, Reimbursable Expenses, Health and Welfare Coverage

and Benefits, Workers’ Compensation Program, Retirement Programs, Paid Leave Benefits, Non-

Insider Severance Programs, Warn Act Obligations, Additional Benefit Programs, and certain

other benefits that the Debtors provide in the ordinary course.  The Debtors’ employ approximately

1,450 full-time employees, as well as 20 independent contractors, who perform a wide variety of

job functions that are critical to the Debtors’ continued operations and efficient administration of

these chapter 11 cases.  The workforce possesses unique skills and experience, including

familiarity and close relationships with the Debtors’ expansive network of suppliers and customers

who are the lifeblood of the Debtors’ businesses.  The Debtors believe that absent payment of the

Compensation and Benefits owed to their employees, the Debtors may experience employee

turnover and instability at this critical time in these chapter 11 cases.  Further, the vast majority of

the Debtors’ Workforce relies exclusively or primarily on the Compensation and Benefits to pay

=== page 73 ===
Case 26-90737   Document 18   Filed in TXSB on 07/27/26   Page 73 of 78

their daily living expenses and support themselves and/or their families.  Thus, the Workforce will

face significant financial consequences if the Debtors are not permitted to continue the

Compensation and Benefits in the ordinary course of business.  Consequently, the relief requested

is necessary and appropriate.

10. 
NOL Motion.  The Debtors’ Emergency Motion for Entry of an Order

(I) Approving Notification and Hearing Procedures for Certain Transfers of and Declarations of

Worthlessness with Respect to Common Stock, (II) Directing That Any Such Transfer or

Declaration of Worthlessness in Violation of Such Procedures Be Null and Void Ab Initio, and

(III) Granting Related Relief seeks (a) approval of certain notification and hearing procedures

related to certain transfers of, or declarations of worthlessness with respect to Debtor RNDC’s

existing classes (or series) of Common Stock or any Beneficial Ownership thereof and

(b) directing that any purchase, sale, other transfer of, or declaration of worthlessness with respect

to, Beneficial Ownership of Common Stock in violation of the Procedures shall be null and void

ab initio.

11. 
The Debtors estimate that, as of December 31, 2025, they had approximately

$660.6 million of U.S. federal NOLs and approximately $62.2 million of 163(j) Carryforwards.

The Debtors may generate substantial additional Tax Attributes in the current tax year, including

during the pendency of these chapter 11 cases.  The Tax Attributes are potentially of significant

value to the Debtors and their estates because the Tax Attributes may offset U.S. federal taxable

income or U.S. federal tax liability in future years.  In addition, the Debtors may utilize such Tax

Attributes to offset any taxable income generated by transactions consummated during these

chapter 11 cases.  The implementation of the Procedures is necessary and appropriate to preserve

the value of the Tax Attributes for the benefit of the Debtors’ estates.  The Tax Attributes may

=== page 74 ===
Case 26-90737   Document 18   Filed in TXSB on 07/27/26   Page 74 of 78

provide the potential for material future tax savings (including in post-emergence years) or other

potential tax structuring opportunities in these chapter11 cases.  Conversely, the termination or

limitation of the Tax Attributes could, therefore, be materially detrimental to all parties in interest,

including by potentially limiting the Debtors’ ability to utilize certain structures to consummate

the Plan.

12. 
Critical Vendors Motion.  The Debtors’ Emergency Motion for Entry of Interim

and Final Orders (I) Authorizing the Debtors to (A) Pay Certain Prepetition Claims of Critical

Vendors, 503(B)(9) Claimants, Lien Claimants, and Foreign Vendors and (B) Honor Their

Obligations Under the Supplier Agreements and Enforce the Provisions of the Supplier

Agreements in the Ordinary Course of Business, (II) Confirming Administrative Expense Priority

of Outstanding Orders, and (III) Granting Related Relief seeks entry of an order:  (a) authorizing

the Debtors to (i) pay, in the ordinary course of business, certain prepetition amounts owing on

account of (1) Critical Vendor Claims, (2) 503(b)(9) Claims, (3) Lien Claims, and (4) Foreign

Vendor Claims and (ii) honor their obligations under the Supplier Agreements and enforce the

provisions of the Supplier Agreements in the ordinary course of business; and (b) confirming the

administrative expense priority status of Outstanding Orders and authorizing the payment of such

obligations in the ordinary course of business.  The Debtors’ businesses rely on continued access

to, and relationships with, the Trade Claimants, which include highly specialized vendors,

suppliers, and other strategic partners that provide the Debtors with a wide range of alcoholic

beverages for distribution to the Debtors’ customers, as well as vital industry-specific

transportation and warehousing services and health, safety, and environmental-related goods and

services.  The Trade Claimants are difficult to replace due to the specialized nature of the goods,

branded products, and unique services that they provide, and the institutional knowledge they

=== page 75 ===
Case 26-90737   Document 18   Filed in TXSB on 07/27/26   Page 75 of 78

possess regarding the Debtors’ operations and facilities.  The Debtors have already experienced a

significant exodus of critical supplier relationships in the months leading up to the Petition Date,

and any incremental losses will continue erode estate value.  If the Debtors are unable to pay the

Trade Claims, the Trade Claimants may refuse to provide goods and services essential to the

Debtors’ operations.  Finding replacements for Trade Claimants that refuse to deal with the

Debtors would require significant expenditure in time and resources that the Debtors cannot afford.

Moreover, the Debtors are required to maintain certain third-party systems pursuant to the TSAs

and any interruption in payments to this critical subset of vendors could give rise to a breach of

the Debtors’ obligations, disrupting the scheduled contractual payments and materially straining

liquidity.  This Motion also seeks to enforce inventory repurchase provisions under the Supplier

Agreements, which represents a meaningful source of liquidity for the estates.  Accordingly,

authorizing the Debtors to use their business judgment to pay the Trade Claims, subject to the

limitations in the Interim Order and Final Order, is essential to allow the Debtors to maintain the

going concern value of the Debtors’ enterprise and minimize degradation of operations as the

Debtors work to implement a comprehensive reorganization.

13. 
Customer Programs Motion.  The Debtors’ Emergency Motion for Entry of an

Order (I) Authorizing the Debtors to (A) Maintain and Administer Their Existing Supplier and

Customer Programs and Honor Certain Prepetition Obligations Related Thereto and

(II) Granting Related Relief seeks authority to maintain, continue, administer, modify,

supplement, and/or terminate their Supplier and Customer Programs and honor prepetition

obligations related thereto on a postpetition basis in the ordinary course.  The Supplier and

Customer Programs include (a) Return Policies to maintain positive relationships with customers,

(b)  Deposit Policies, including the Returnable Container Program, to facilitate smooth operations

=== page 76 ===
Case 26-90737   Document 18   Filed in TXSB on 07/27/26   Page 76 of 78

and manage risk, (c) Point-of-Sale Support Services to ensure products are properly displayed,

competitively positioned, and effectively promoted at the retail level, (d) Other Promotions,

including sponsorships, supplier and product events, media and advertising support, mentoring

events, consumer tastings, coupons and discounts, sweepstakes, and charitable donations, and

(e) the eRNDC Platform, a business-to-business, AI-powered eCommerce platform.  These

programs are standard in the Debtors’ industry.  The Debtors believe that their ability to continue

the Supplier and Customer Programs, while honoring any supplier- and customer-related

prepetition business practices thereunder in the ordinary course of business, is necessary to meet

competitive market pressures, ensure supplier and customer satisfaction, comply with contractual

obligations, and maintain strategic relationships.  Any disruption would almost certainly foreclose

the possibility of consummating any value-maximizing going concern sales by severely impairing

the Company’s goodwill and brand amongst suppliers and customers.  Maintaining the goodwill

of their customers and suppliers is critical to the Debtors’ ongoing operations in these chapter 11

cases and is necessary to maximize value for the benefit of all the Debtors’ stakeholders.

14. 
TSA Motion.  The Debtors’ Emergency Motion for Entry of an Order

(I) Authorizing the Debtors to Continue to Provide All TSA Services and Honor All Obligations

Related Thereto and (II) Granting Related Relief seeks entry of an order (a) authorizing the

Debtors to continue to provide all TSA Services and honor all obligations related thereto and

(b) granting related relief.  On May 29, 2026, Reyes Holdings, L.L.C. closed sale transactions for

11 of the Company’s key markets, generating more than $1.0 billion in proceeds.  On July 10,

2026, Quality Brands Distribution, LLC purchased the Company’s three markets in the plains

states region, generating approximately $49.8 million in proceeds.  To support the Reyes Sale

Transactions and the Quality Brands Sales Transactions and transition certain business activities

=== page 77 ===
Case 26-90737   Document 18   Filed in TXSB on 07/27/26   Page 77 of 78

in connection therewith, the Company entered into a Transition Services Agreement with each of

the Buyers pursuant to which the Company agreed to provider certain services to the Buyers to

facilitate the transition of the business from the Company to the Buyer.  In exchange for the

Company providing the applicable TSA Services, the Buyers agreed to pay the Company the TSA

Fees for the services provided by the Company under the TSAs.  Since closing the transactions,

the Debtors have been performing their obligations under the TSAs in the ordinary course pursuant

to the applicable TSA.  Failure by the Company to provide the TSA Services and facilitate an

orderly transition of the applicable business would constitute a breach of the Company’s

obligations under the applicable purchase agreements and TSAs and, therefore, would, among

other things, jeopardize a key source of liquidity for the Debtors during these chapter 11 cases and

cause significant disruption to the Debtors’ businesses and sale processes.  Further, prospective

buyers in the proposed value-maximizing sale transactions are likely to request (or have already

requested) that the Debtors enter into contracts similar to the TSAs in connection with such sale

transaction.  Failure to provide the TSA Services would harm the Debtors’ goodwill with these

prospective buyers. In turn, interested parties may, in the case of parties who have already

submitted bids, reduce their bids or determine to withdraw their bids entirely, and in the case of

future potential bidders, may forego submitting a proposal all together.  The Debtors’ inability to

provide the TSA Services would significantly undermine the Debtors’ sale efforts, destroy value,

and reduce any potential recovery available to the Debtors’ stakeholders. Accordingly, allowing

the Debtors to use their business judgment to continue to provide the TSA Services in the ordinary

course is necessary to maximize value all stakeholders.

15. 
Lease Rejection Motion.  The Debtors’ First Omnibus Motion for Entry of an

Order (I) Authorizing Effective Nunc Pro Tunc to the Petition Date, the (A) Rejection of Certain

=== page 78 ===
Case 26-90737   Document 18   Filed in TXSB on 07/27/26   Page 78 of 78

Unexpired Leases and (B) Abandonment of Certain Personal Property, If Any, Each Effective As

of the Rejection Date and (II) Granting Related Relief seeks entry of an order (a) authorizing,

effective nunc pro tunc to the Petition Date, the Debtors to (i) reject (A) certain unexpired leases

for non-residential real property located at the Premises and (B) certain unexpired equipment

leases, in each case, including any guaranties thereof and any amendments, modifications, or

subleases thereto and (ii) abandon certain equipment, fixtures, furniture, or other personal property

that may be located at the Premises.  In support of the requested relief, the Debtors, with the

assistance of their advisors, undertook an extensive analysis of their lease portfolio—consisting of

approximately 50 real estate properties and equipment leases with nine lessors, governing

approximately 500 assets—to identify burdensome leases that are no longer value-maximizing for

the Debtors’ estates, including leases in states where the Debtors intend to wind down operations.

The Debtors have determined in their business judgment that the carrying costs of the Leases

exceed any benefits that could potentially be achieved and would continue to unnecessarily drain

resources from the Debtors’ estates.  The Debtors also have evaluated such Personal Property and

have determined either that (a) the Personal Property is of inconsequential value or (b) the cost of

removing and storing the Personal Property for future use, marketing, or sale exceeds its value to

the Debtors’ estates.  Accordingly, the Debtors believe that the relief requested is necessary and

appropriate to preserve and maximize the value of their estates and to avoid incurring costs and

expenses that are no longer integral to their business operations or chapter 11 efforts.

