=== page 1 ===
Case 26-90295   Document 4   Filed in TXSB on 02/01/26   Page 1 of 48

IN THE UNITED STATES BANKRUPTCY COURT

FOR THE SOUTHERN DISTRICT OF TEXAS

HOUSTON DIVISION

) 
 
In re: 
) 
Chapter 11 
 
) 
 
NINE ENERGY SERVICE, INC., et al.,1 
) 
Case No. 26-90295 (CML) 
 
) 
 
 
 
 
Debtors. 
) 
(Joint Administration Requested) 
 
)

DECLARATION OF GUY SIRKES, EXECUTIVE  
VICE PRESIDENT AND CHIEF FINANCIAL OFFICER OF NINE ENERGY  
SERVICE, INC., IN SUPPORT OF CHAPTER 11 PETITIONS AND FIRST DAY MOTIONS

I, Guy Sirkes, Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer of Nine Energy

Service, Inc., a publicly traded company incorporated under the laws of Delaware (“Nine Energy

Service,” and together with its debtor affiliates, collectively, the “Debtors,” and with their

non-debtor subsidiaries, “Nine” or the “Company”), hereby declare under penalty of perjury:2

Introduction

1. 
Nine Energy Service is a publicly traded company listed on the New York Stock

Exchange (the “NYSE”) under the symbol “NINE.”  Along with its subsidiaries, Nine is an oilfield

services (“OFS”) business that supplies cutting edge solutions for unconventional oil and gas

resource extraction and development across North America and abroad.  The Company partners

with exploration and production (“E&P”) customers to design and deploy downhole solutions and

technology to prepare horizontal, multistage wells for production.  Through its asset-light business

1 
A complete list of each of the Debtors in these chapter 11 cases may be obtained on the website of the Debtors’ 
proposed claims and noticing agent at https://dm.epiq11.com/NineEnergy.  The location of Nine Energy Service, 
Inc.’s principal place of business and the Debtors’ service address in these chapter 11 cases is 2001 Kirby Drive, 
Suite 200, Houston, TX 77019.

2 
Capitalized terms used but not defined in the Introduction shall have the meaning ascribed to them in 
this Declaration.

=== page 2 ===
Case 26-90295   Document 4   Filed in TXSB on 02/01/26   Page 2 of 48

model, advanced technological offerings, diversified business lines, and highly experienced

management team, Nine provides customers with cost-effective and comprehensive completion

solutions designed to maximize production levels and operating efficiencies.  Nine’s culture is

driven by an intense focus on performance and wellsite execution as well as a commitment to

forward-leaning technologies that aid the development of smarter, customized applications that

drive efficiencies and reduced emissions for clients.

2. 
Headquartered in Houston, Texas, Nine employs approximately 1,100 full-time

employees and engages approximately 30 independent contractors.  Over a decade of organic

growth 
and 
targeted

acquisitions have brought

Nine to where it is today,

with an operational reach

that extends across all

major onshore basins in the

United States and Canada,

as well as abroad, with a

research and development

(“R&D”) 
facility 
in

Norway to help serve the international markets.  Nine’s customer-focused approach has solidified

its place in the industry as a trusted partner.

3. 
Despite the Company’s positive gross profit generation, a confluence of factors

contributed to Nine’s present need to comprehensively restructure its balance sheet.

First, an overleveraged capital structure created high interest expense costs for the Company over

2

=== page 3 ===
Case 26-90295   Document 4   Filed in TXSB on 02/01/26   Page 3 of 48

the past several years, which limited Nine’s ability to achieve levered free cash flow and reinvest

in its businesses.  Second, the oil and gas industry continues to experience challenging

macroeconomic conditions, as major oil indexes suffer persistent pricing declines, leading many

E&P companies to reduce their drilling and completion programs.  Nine’s financial success is

highly predicated on active drilling rigs and fracturing fleets.  The Company’s management team

estimates, out of an abundance of caution, that these conditions will persist through 2026, which

will continue to put pressure on the Company’s gross margins.  Finally, OFS companies rely on

consolidation through merger activity to scale to relevance with both investors and customers,

especially as their E&P customers similarly consolidate.  For Nine, these growth opportunities

remain largely closed off today due to its leverage profile, annualized debt interest expense, and

near-term debt maturities.

4. 
The combination of macroeconomic and industry-specific challenges limits the

Company’s optionality going forward.  As Nine falls behind, competitors able to scale through

organic growth and acquisition threaten to capture more of the total addressable market.

And without the ability to unlock additional liquidity or deleverage, the Company lacks the

resources to meaningfully invest in its people, R&D, and assets to maintain a leading technological

position in the industry.  These headwinds caused consistent declines in the Company’s share price

over the last few years, which recently triggered non-compliance with the listing standards of

the NYSE.

5. 
Understanding that its leverage profile constrained its ability to address issues

within its control, Nine engaged restructuring advisors in late 2025 to explore strategic and

financial alternatives aimed at refinancing or restructuring its debt obligations with minimal

disruption to its business operations.  The Company, with the assistance of its advisors, thoroughly

3

=== page 4 ===
Case 26-90295   Document 4   Filed in TXSB on 02/01/26   Page 4 of 48

evaluated all available options, including out-of-court refinancing opportunities.  But in the face

of continued industry headwinds and a declining stock price, the Company determined that an

in-court restructuring providing for the complete equitization of its Senior Secured Notes would

best allow it to substantially deleverage its capital structure and position it for long-term success.

6. 
In November 2025, the Company and its advisors engaged an ad hoc group of

holders of the Company’s Senior Secured Notes (the “Ad Hoc Group”), who had organized with

Milbank LLP as counsel and Houlihan Lokey Capital, Inc. as financial advisor

(collectively, the “Ad Hoc Group Advisors”).  The Company submitted a non-binding proposal to

the restricted members of the Ad Hoc Group for a comprehensive deleveraging transaction to be

effectuated through a quick, prepackaged chapter 11 plan.  In parallel, the Company engaged with

the Prepetition ABL Lenders on the terms of a financing package to fund both a chapter 11 process

and the reorganized Nine’s go-forward operations.  Following months of hard-fought, arm’s-length

negotiations, the Debtors, the Prepetition ABL Lenders, and members of the Ad Hoc Group

holding more than 70% of the claims arising under the Senior Secured Notes (the “Consenting

Noteholders”) entered into a restructuring support agreement attached hereto as Exhibit B

(the “RSA”).

7. 
Nine commences these prepackaged chapter 11 cases to effectuate the carefully

negotiated and comprehensive balance sheet restructuring embodied by the RSA, which will

ensure its long-term viability.  Pursuant to the RSA, the Company’s existing ABL lenders, White

Oak ABL 3, LLC and White Oak Europe ABL Limited (collectively, the “Prepetition ABL

Lenders”), and the Ad Hoc Group have agreed to support a chapter 11 plan of reorganization

(the “Plan”) and, in the case of the members of the Ad Hoc Group, to vote in favor of the Plan.

Not only will the restructuring transactions contemplated by the RSA (the “Restructuring

4

=== page 5 ===
Case 26-90295   Document 4   Filed in TXSB on 02/01/26   Page 5 of 48

Transactions”) and embodied in the Plan deleverage the Company, but they will also provide

adequate liquidity upon emergence through an upsized asset-based loan facility provided by the

Prepetition ABL Lenders (the “Exit ABL Facility”).  Critically, all general unsecured creditors,

including the Company’s key trade vendors, are unimpaired under the Plan.

8. 
To fund these chapter 11 cases and instill confidence in the Company’s customers,

vendors, and other key stakeholders, the Company negotiated a debtor-in-possession financing

package with the Prepetition ABL Lenders, which will provide the Company access to a

$125 million asset-based revolving loan facility on terms substantially consistent with the

Prepetition ABL Facility.  Through the Restructuring Transactions, Nine will emerge from these

chapter 11 cases healthier and having instilled renewed confidence in key customers, vendors, and

other stakeholders that are critical to the Company’s long-term operational goals.

9. 
Given the high level of consensus for the Restructuring Transactions and the need

to limit the cost and disruption of these chapter 11 cases, the Company intends to proceed through

these cases quickly and efficiently.  The agreement of the Company’s key constituencies to

advance these chapter 11 cases expeditiously is memorialized by various milestones in the RSA

and the DIP Credit Agreement (as defined in the Plan).  To meet those milestones and minimize

the effect of the chapter 11 cases on the Company and its businesses, the Debtors successfully

launched solicitation prior to the commencement the chapter 11 cases.  On February 1, 2026, the

Debtors commenced service of the solicitation materials (the “Solicitation Materials”), including

the Disclosure Statement, the Plan, the various exhibits to those documents, and a ballot to vote to

accept or reject the Plan, pursuant to sections 1125 and 1126(b) of the Bankruptcy Code on holders

of Senior Secured Notes entitled to vote on the Plan.  The Debtors required that such holders

submit their ballots by March 2, 2026 (the “Voting Deadline”).  And though solicitation remains

5

=== page 6 ===
Case 26-90295   Document 4   Filed in TXSB on 02/01/26   Page 6 of 48

ongoing, the Consenting Noteholders who hold more than 70% of the claims in Class 4 of the

Plan—the only voting class—have committed to vote in favor of the Plan through the RSA.

10. 
Now the Debtors are seeking entry of a scheduling order establishing a hearing to

approve the Disclosure Statement and confirm the Plan (each as defined in the RSA) 31 days after

the Petition Date and emergence the following day, or as soon as practicable thereafter.

11. 
The Restructuring Transactions will preserve over 1,000 jobs and maximize the

value of the Company for the benefit of all stakeholders.  With a deleveraged balance sheet and

access to additional liquidity through the Exit ABL Facility, Nine is best positioned to continue to

build on over a decade of providing the highest quality and most advanced completion services in

the industry.

Background

12. 
I am the Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer of Nine.  I joined

Nine in March 2019 as Vice President, Strategic Development.  In March 2020, I assumed the role

of Chief Financial Officer and have served in that role since that time.  Prior to joining Nine, I was

a member of J.P. Morgan’s Investment Banking Group from 2007 to 2019, where I worked

primarily on mergers and acquisitions and capital raisings for companies in the oil and gas industry

and other related industries.  I hold a Bachelor of Arts in Mathematical Economic Analysis from

Rice University.

13. 
As Chief Financial Officer, I am responsible for overseeing Nine’s financial

activities, including, but not limited to, accounting, investor relations, financial planning, tax,

information technology, and related activities.  I am familiar with Nine’s business, financial

condition, policies and procedures, day-to-day operations, and books and records.

14. 
Except as otherwise indicated, all facts set forth in this declaration

(the “Declaration”) are based upon my personal knowledge of the matters set forth herein or from

6

=== page 7 ===
Case 26-90295   Document 4   Filed in TXSB on 02/01/26   Page 7 of 48

knowledge I have gained of such matters from Nine’s employees or retained advisors that report

to me in the ordinary course of my responsibilities.  I am over the age of 18 and am authorized by

each of the Debtors to submit this Declaration on behalf of the Debtors.  If called as a witness,

I could and would testify competently to the facts set forth in this Declaration.

15. 
On February 1, 2026 (the “Petition Date”), the Debtors commenced filing voluntary

petitions for relief under chapter 11 of the United States Bankruptcy Code, 11 U.S.C. §§ 101–1532

(the “Bankruptcy Code”), with the United States Bankruptcy Court for the Southern District of

Texas (the “Court”).  To minimize the adverse effects on their business, the Debtors have filed

motions and pleadings seeking various types of “first day” relief (collectively, the “First Day

Motions”).  I submit this Declaration to assist the Court and parties in interest in understanding

the circumstances leading up to the commencement of these chapter 11 cases and in support of

the Debtors’ chapter 11 petitions and First Day Motions.

16. 
To familiarize the Court with Nine, its business, and the circumstances leading up

to these chapter 11 cases, I have organized this Declaration into four parts:

• 
Part I provides background information on Nine’s corporate history and operations;

• 
Part II offers an overview of Nine’s prepetition corporate and capital structure;

• 
Part III describes the circumstances leading up to the filing of these chapter 11 cases 
and an overview of the anticipated path forward; and

• 
Part IV provides support for the relief requested in the First Day Motions.

I. 
The Company’s History and Operations.

A. 
Corporate History.

17. 
Nine’s corporate history is defined by organic growth, strong customer

development, and, as with many other OFS companies, adapting to changing industry landscapes

7

=== page 8 ===
Case 26-90295   Document 4   Filed in TXSB on 02/01/26   Page 8 of 48

through strategic and well-timed acquisitions.  This business model has resulted in an intentional

and comprehensive slate of well completion services and products.

18. 
Formation and Expansion.  The Company was formed in 2013 through a merger

of three energy service companies owned by SCF Partners, L.P. and its affiliates

(collectively, “SCF Partners, L.P.”):  Northern States Completions (“Northern States”), Integrated

Production Services (Canada) (“IPS”), and CDK Perforating (US) (“CDK”).  Northern States

offered downhole completion tool solutions, whereas IPS and CDK were targeted wireline

businesses.  Soon after the merger, the Company acquired Peak Pressure Control, which further

expanded its portfolio into pressure control services.

19. 
From the start, an entrepreneurial management team with proven industry

experience and innovative technological solutions guided the Company and orchestrated various

strategic transactions.  The Company expanded its offering into cementing operations in 2014 by

acquiring Crest Pumping Technologies, a premier provider of downhole cementing services.

The Company also bolstered its wireline business by acquiring Dak-Tana Wireline.  The Company

then acquired G8 Oil Tool—a completion tools business—in 2015 and consummated a merger

with Beckman Production Services, Inc. (“Beckman”) in 2017.  Although the Company ultimately

divested from certain Beckman-related business segments in 2019, the Company’s merger with

Beckman, another of SCF Partners, L.P.’s portfolio companies, expanded the Company’s

operations into the coiled tubing segment.  Each of these transactions had a hand in shaping Nine

by adding scale, strategically expanding the geographic footprint of the Company, and broadening

the Company’s completion technology and service offerings for customers.

20. 
In January 2018, after years of developing the Company into a diverse OFS

enterprise, Nine Energy Service launched its initial public offering (the “IPO”) with J.P. Morgan

8

=== page 9 ===
Case 26-90295   Document 4   Filed in TXSB on 02/01/26   Page 9 of 48

Securities LLC, Goldman Sachs & Co. LLC, and Wells Fargo Securities, LLC acting as joint

book-running managers and representatives of the underwriters.  The IPO raised approximately

$169.5 million in net proceeds, which allowed Nine Energy Service to commence operations as a

public company, repay then-existing financing facilities, expand its customer relationships, and

further expand its service offerings.  Nine Energy Service began trading on the NYSE under the

symbol “NINE.”

21. 
As it did prior to the IPO, Company leadership continued to hone Nine’s service

offerings, including through the following transactions, which adjusted, optimized, and developed

the Company’s suite of products and services:

• 
October 1, 2018:  acquisition of Frac Technology AS, a Norwegian private 
limited liability company that focuses on the development of downhole technology, 
which added the innovative BreakThru Casing Flotation Device to the Company’s 
technology portfolio;

• 
October 25, 2018:  acquisition of all the equity interests of Magnum Oil Tools 
International, LTD, and certain of its affiliates (collectively, “Magnum” and such 
transaction, the “Magnum Acquisition”), which augmented the Company’s 
completion tools segment by unlocking Magnum’s suite of proprietary downhole 
completions consumables products, including specialized components such as frac 
plugs, disk subs, and other bespoke parts; and

• 
August 30, 2019:  divestiture of the Company’s production solutions segment via 
the sale of its interests in its wholly owned subsidiary, Beckman Holding Production 
Services, LLC, which trimmed operations and provided the Company with 
$17.1 million in cash.

The acquisitions, as set forth in the below timeline, have created an array of high-quality solutions

and technology to prepare horizontal, multistage wells.

9

=== page 10 ===
Case 26-90295   Document 4   Filed in TXSB on 02/01/26   Page 10 of 48

22. 
Nine’s continued development has grown the Company to approximately 1,100

full-time individuals across the United States, Canada, and Norway, operating through four main

business segments:  (1) Completion Tools; (2) Cementing; (3) Coiled Tubing; and (4) Wireline, as

described below.

B. 
The Company’s Business and Operations.

23. 
Onshore wells are complicated operations involving various stages, components,

and technologies.  The Company’s interrelated business segments are designed to meet

10

=== page 11 ===
Case 26-90295   Document 4   Filed in TXSB on 02/01/26   Page 11 of 48

the specialized and differentiated needs of the well establishment, most of which take place in the

completion phase of the well.

24. 
Cementing.  The Company’s Cementing business segment is built around

sophisticated cement mixtures—commonly referred to in the industry as “slurries”—that

contribute to well establishment and completion.  Once a well is drilled into the ground (creating

a “wellbore”), technicians typically insert metal casing along the wellbore pathway.  A cement

slurry is then pumped between the casing and the wellbore of the well to seal the metal casing in

place and control fluid interaction between the wellbore and any collocated reservoirs.

25. 
The appropriate consistency and type of cement slurry is determined by the relevant

geological conditions and well construction parameters, which are critical to a well’s production.

Cement slurries require customized mixtures and are developed for a range of well depths,

temperatures, pressures, and formation characteristics.  As such, the Company develops and

provides various cement slurries—and supporting

materials and technologies—to ensure the highest

quality sealing between the metal casing and wellbore

and minimize environmental impact.  The Company

11

=== page 12 ===
Case 26-90295   Document 4   Filed in TXSB on 02/01/26   Page 12 of 48

operates four laboratory facilities capable of designing and testing cement designs and cement

additives.  The facilities operate twenty-four hours a day and employ qualified technicians who

design substances with appropriate thickening times, compressive strengths, and fluid loss

controls.  Nine’s Cementing teams have deep expertise in North America’s most active

environments and deploy cutting-edge technology to customer operations.

26. 
The Company’s cementing business also involves delivery of cement mixtures to

well sites, which is achieved through customized cementing units.  To ensure that cement slurries

are delivered downhole on schedule, Nine’s cutting-edge cement delivery vehicles are fully

redundant.  This means that every vehicle contains two of each critical mechanism

(pumps, hydraulics) to mitigate downtime due to mechanical failures and eliminate the need for

spending resources on additional cementing standby units.

27. 
The Company’s Cementing segment is its largest line of business by revenue,

generating approximately $213 million (approximately 37% of the Company’s revenue) in the

twelve months ending September 2025.  From January 2018 to September 2025, the Company

completed approximately 29,000 cementing jobs.

28. 
Wireline Services.  Once the infrastructure of a well is established, well operators

must use wire-controlled devices to deliver technology into the wellbore and conduct various

activities, 
namely 
plug-and-perf 
completions.

Though a variety of technologies and approaches

exist, plug-and-perf operations generally involve

using a wireline unit to deploy a perforating “gun”

into oil and gas wells.  The perforating gun delivers explosives into the wellbore that fracture the

surrounding formation and unlock resources.  Wireline systems can also be used for several other

12

=== page 13 ===
Case 26-90295   Document 4   Filed in TXSB on 02/01/26   Page 13 of 48

purposes, including to convey tools into wellbores for well completion, well intervention, or pipe

recovery processes.  Wireline systems are customized to a well’s particular characteristics and can

involve different systems and technologies.  The Wireline segment accounted for approximately

21% of the Company’s revenue in the twelve-month period ending September 2025.

29. 
Coiled Tubing.  After a well is drilled, metal tubing in the form of continuous steel

piping is inserted into a wellbore, allowing operators to deploy tools and fluids into the well.

Coiled tubing is used for, among other things, drilling, removing obstructions and creating a path

for operations through milling, and retrieving objects stuck or

lost in the wellbore.  This tubing is delivered to the well site

on large spools of piping that can be tens of thousands of feet

long and is deployed using specialized equipment.

The Company’s sophisticated coiled tubing units also carry data acquisition and dissemination

technology, which allows the customer to monitor job progress through a web interface.

Nine’s “extended reach” coiled tubing units provide exceptional flexibility even in the most

challenging downhole environments and can reach the end (or the “toe”) of horizontal wells with

total measured depths of 27,000 feet and beyond.  As with more common forms of metal tubing,

coiled tubing comes in a variety of diameters to suit customer needs.  From January 2018 to

December 2024, the Company performed approximately 8,300 jobs and deployed more than

218 million feet of coiled tubing, with a success rate of over 99%.  The Company’s Coiled Tubing

segment generated approximately 18% of the Company’s revenue during the twelve-month period

ending September 2025.

30. 
Completion Tools.  Complementary to its service offerings, the Company has

developed a suite of proprietary tools used throughout the well completion process.  After a well

13

=== page 14 ===
Case 26-90295   Document 4   Filed in TXSB on 02/01/26   Page 14 of 48

is drilled, metal tubing is installed, and cement is poured, a well

operator must take various steps to “complete” the well and start the

flow of resources.  The completion process is complex and varies

from one well to the next, but it often involves separating the well

into discrete segments or stages using “well plugs” (often called “frac

plugs”) so that plug and perforation operations (commonly

abbreviated as “plug-and-perf” operations) can commence.  Plug-

and-perf operations are sophisticated and multi-staged but generally

involve the use of targeted explosive devices to fracture the

geography and unlock oil and gas resources locked within the

sediment.  The Company supplies a variety of completion tools to

assist with these processes, including composite, hybrid, and

dissolvable frac plugs in several different sizes, and offers a selection

of other completion tool products, such as liner hangers and accessories, fracture isolation packers,

frac sleeves, and other specialized products unique to the world of onshore well development.  The

Completion Tools segment serves customers across the United States and Canada, and Nine’s

management estimates that, in 2024, Nine held approximately 15-25% of the domestic plug

market share.  During the last twelve months ending September 2025, the Completion Tools

segment accounted for approximately 24% of the Company’s total revenue.

31. 
Research and Development.  The Company progresses various research and

development undertakings to ensure that it offers the most efficient and cost-effective products in

the oil and gas marketplace.  The Company dedicates resources annually to develop new

technologies and equipment and to evolve and improve existing proprietary tools, including

14

=== page 15 ===
Case 26-90295   Document 4   Filed in TXSB on 02/01/26   Page 15 of 48

through mergers and acquisitions, as needed.  One example is the Company’s 2018 acquisition of

Frac Technology AS, a Norwegian entity that owns the Breakthru Casing Flotation Device,

discussed further herein, among other intellectual property.

32. 
The Company also tasks personnel with sourcing

and commercializing new technologies through strategic

partnerships.  In connection with its research and development

efforts, the Company has developed partnerships that provide it

with exclusive rights to market and sell technology that is

unavailable to any other service providers in certain designated regions, which allows the

Company to sell technology directly to customers and order from the manufacturers on an

as-needed basis (with no minimum volume requirements).  Such partnerships provide the

Company and its customers with access to unique technology from independent innovators and

allow the Company to minimize its exposure to potential technology adoption and execution risks.

The Company’s existing partnerships also mitigate cost exposure ordinarily associated with the

need to develop and research all products internally.

II. 
The Company’s Prepetition Corporate and Capital Structure.

A. 
The Company’s Corporate Structure.

33. 
Nine Energy Service has eleven wholly owned subsidiary entities, nine of which

are Debtors in these chapter 11 cases.  The Company’s corporate structure includes entities

incorporated in three countries—the United States, Canada, and Norway.  An overview of the

Company’s organizational structure is depicted below:

15

=== page 16 ===
Case 26-90295   Document 4   Filed in TXSB on 02/01/26   Page 16 of 48

B. 
The Company’s Capital Structure.

34. 
As of the Petition Date, the Debtors have approximately $388.0 million in total

funded debt obligations.  The relative amounts and priorities of each funded debt obligation are

as follows:

Funded Debt 
Maturity 
Amount Outstanding

(in millions)

Prepetition ABL Facility 
November 2, 2027 
$68.53

Senior Secured Notes 
February 1, 2028 
$319.54

Total Debt Obligations 
 
$388.0

3 
Includes approximately $1.7 million in letters of credit.

4  
Includes approximately $19.5 million in accrued interest.

16

=== page 17 ===
Case 26-90295   Document 4   Filed in TXSB on 02/01/26   Page 17 of 48

i. 
Prepetition ABL Facility.

35. 
On May 1, 2025, Nine Energy Service and certain other Debtors entered into that

certain Loan and Security Agreement (as may be amended, restated, amended and restated,

supplemented, or otherwise modified from time to time, the “Prepetition ABL Credit Agreement”),

by and among White Oak Commercial Finance, LLC, as Agent (as defined therein) and lead

arranger (the “Prepetition ABL Agent”), and the Prepetition ABL Lenders, as the lenders

thereunder.  The Prepetition ABL Credit Agreement allowed the Debtors to access up to

$125 million in asset-based, revolving credit loans (the “Prepetition ABL Facility”), subject to

borrowing base calculations as provided therein.

36. 
The Prepetition ABL Facility and the Senior Secured Notes (as defined herein) are

secured by crossing liens on the Debtors’ assets, as fully described in that certain Intercreditor

Agreement, dated as of January 30, 2023, by and among, inter alios, the Prepetition ABL Agent,

the Senior Secured Notes Trustee (as defined herein), and certain of the Debtors (as may be

amended, restated, amended and restated, supplemented or otherwise modified from time to time,

the “Crossing Liens Intercreditor Agreement”).  The Prepetition ABL Facility is secured by

a first-priority security interest in substantially all assets of Nine Energy Service and its U.S. and

Canadian subsidiaries, subject to the first-priority liens granted in favor of the Senior Secured

Noteholders in Notes Priority Collateral, which includes all Notes Collateral other than

ABL Priority Collateral (each as defined in the Crossing Liens Intercreditor Agreement).  ABL

Priority Collateral includes, among other collateral and exclusions described in the Crossing Liens

Intercreditor Agreement, all Accounts, Inventory, Controlled Accounts, Chattel Paper,

Documents, Instruments, and all General Intangibles (other than equity interests in subsidiaries of

the Debtors and intellectual property of the Debtors, which constitute Notes Priority Collateral)

(the foregoing capitalized terms which are used herein but not defined have the meanings ascribed

17

=== page 18 ===
Case 26-90295   Document 4   Filed in TXSB on 02/01/26   Page 18 of 48

to thereto in the Crossing Liens Intercreditor Agreement or Prepetition ABL Credit Agreement, as

applicable).  The maturity date for the Prepetition ABL Facility is the earlier of (a) May 1, 2028,

and (b) the date that 91 days prior to the maturity of the Senior Secured Notes.  The Prepetition

ABL Facility bears interest at a rate per annum ranging from SOFR + 4.00% to SOFR + 4.50%,

based on the then applicable Fixed Charge Coverage Ratio (as defined in the Prepetition ABL

Credit Agreement).  As of the Petition Date, an aggregate amount of approximately $68.5 million

is outstanding under the Prepetition ABL Facility.  The Prepetition ABL Facility replaced the

Company’s prior ABL facility, the 2018 ABL Credit Facility.5

ii. 
Senior Secured Notes.

37. 
On January 30, 2023, Nine Energy Service and certain other Debtors entered into

that certain indenture (as may be amended, restated, amended and restated, supplemented, or

otherwise modified from time to time, the “Senior Secured Notes Indenture”), by and

among:  (a) Nine Energy Service, as issuer; (b) certain of its subsidiaries pursuant to the

2028 Senior Secured Notes Indenture, as guarantors; and (c) U.S. Bank Trust Company, National

Association, as trustee, collateral agent, paying agent, and registrar (in such capacities,

collectively, the “Senior Secured Notes Trustee”).  The Senior Secured Notes Indenture provided

for the issuance of $300 million aggregate principal amount of 13.000% Senior Secured Notes due

2028 (the “Senior Secured Notes” and the holders of the Senior Secured Notes, the “Senior

Secured Noteholders”).  The Senior Secured Notes are secured by a first-priority security interest

in substantially all assets of Nine Energy Service and its U.S. subsidiaries, subject to

the first-priority liens granted in favor of the Prepetition ABL Agent in ABL Priority Collateral

5 
On October 25, 2018, the Company entered into an asset-based loan provided by a syndicate of lenders (the “2018 
ABL Credit Facility”).  On May 1, 2025, the Company entered into the Prepetition ABL Credit Agreement, fully 
repaid borrowings outstanding under the 2018 ABL facility, and terminated it contemporaneously therewith.

18

=== page 19 ===
Case 26-90295   Document 4   Filed in TXSB on 02/01/26   Page 19 of 48

(as defined in the Crossing Liens Intercreditor Agreement).  As of the Petition Date, the Senior

Secured Notes will mature on February 1, 2028, and accrue interest at a rate per annum equal to

13.000% cash payable on February 1 and August 1 of each year.  As of the Petition Date, an

aggregate amount of approximately $319.5 million is outstanding under the Senior Secured Notes.

C. 
Letters of Credit.

38. 
The Company also maintains three letters of credit totaling approximately

$2.7 million.  One letter of credit secures the Company’s obligations to WEX, Inc., administrator

of the Company’s fuel card program for employee travel between work sites (the “Wex LC”).

The Company renews the Wex LC annually.  The Wex LC is scheduled to automatically renew in

June 2026.  Separately, the Company is subject to two letters of credit in connection with certain

ongoing litigation.6  On April 18, 2020, the Company was named a defendant in a patent

infringement lawsuit involving its Breakthru Casing Flotation Device and, on January 18, 2022,

received an adverse judgment in that matter.  The Debtors posted a $775,000 supersedeas bond

(the “Bond”) in connection with the litigation, which is secured by a letter of credit issued by

JPMorgan Chase Bank, N.A., to Trisura Insurance Company, the insurance company that funded

the bond on behalf of the Debtors.  The posting of the Bond allowed the Company to appeal the

adverse judgment.  Wells Fargo has also issued a separate letter of credit (the “Wells Fargo LC”)

which covers, among other things, supplemental damages, ongoing royalties, and interest ordered

by the trial court judge in connection with the litigation.  The total outstanding amount for the

6 
For a more fulsome description of the Company’s letters of credit, please refer to the Debtors’ Emergency Motion 
for Entry of An Order (I) Authorizing the Debtors to (a) Maintain Insurance Covered Entered into Prepetition 
and Satisfy Prepetition Obligations Related thereto, (b) Renew, Amend, Supplement, Extend, Purchase, and Enter 
into New Insurance Policies, (c) Honor Prepetition Payment Arrangements, (d) Continue to Pay Broker Fees, 
and (e) Maintain the Surety Bond and the Letters of Credit and (II) Granting Related Relief filed 
contemporaneously herewith.

19

=== page 20 ===
Case 26-90295   Document 4   Filed in TXSB on 02/01/26   Page 20 of 48

letters of credit securing the Bond and the Wells Fargo LC is approximately $2.44 million.

The appeal remains pending.

D. 
Nine Energy Service Equity.

39. 
Nine Energy Service is publicly traded, and shares of Nine Energy Service’s

common stock, par value $0.01 per share (“Common Stock”), trade on the NYSE under the symbol

“NINE.”  The Company’s certificate of incorporation authorizes the Company’s board of directors

to issue 120 million shares of Common Stock.  As of the Petition Date, approximately 43,326,339

shares of Common Stock were outstanding.

40. 
On October 21, 2024, Nine Energy Service received notice from the NYSE that it

no longer satisfied the NYSE continued listing standards because its average global market

capitalization was less than $50 million over a consecutive 30 trading-day period and, at the same

time, its last reported stockholders’ equity was less than $50 million.  On April 30, 2025, Nine

Energy Service received another notice from the NYSE that it no longer satisfied the NYSE

continued listing standards because the average closing share price of its Common Stock was less

than $1.00 over a consecutive 30 trading-day period.  If Nine Energy Service does not regain

compliance with the NYSE continued listing standards, the NYSE may initiate proceedings to

delist its common stock.  As of the Petition Date, Nine Energy Service is still not in compliance

with the NYSE continued listing standards but continues to actively work towards compliance.

III. 
Events Leading to These Chapter 11 Cases and the Anticipated Path Forward.

A. 
Prepetition Challenges.

41. 
The Company commenced these chapter 11 cases primarily to address two related

prepetition challenges:  first, the Company’s over-leveraged balance sheet, which has constrained

liquidity and limited operational flexibility; and second, industry headwinds, which have tightened

already slim margins.

20

=== page 21 ===
Case 26-90295   Document 4   Filed in TXSB on 02/01/26   Page 21 of 48

i. 
Ongoing Liquidity Constraints Amidst Industry Headwinds.

42. 
Nine has consistently sought to stay abreast of technological advances to remain

competitive in the OFS industry.  To accomplish that goal, Nine has dedicated resources focused

on research and development; at the same time, it has sought out ideal partnership and mergers

opportunities.  One major transaction occurred in 2018, when Nine acquired a company critical to

its long-term outlook:  Magnum Oil Tools International, LTD.  At the time of the Magnum

Acquisition, Magnum was a market-leading completions technology provider serving the global

oil and gas industry.  Magnum held a slate of valuable, proprietary well technologies, including

key components for establishing and completing onshore wells.  This suite of products made it an

attractive target, presenting an opportunity for the Company to develop its Completion

Tools segment and capture additional market share.

43. 
The Company financed the Magnum Acquisition with additional funded debt and,

given market events since the acquisition, has faced difficulties servicing those debt obligations.

Specifically, the Company issued $400 million in aggregate principal amount of 8.750% senior

unsecured notes due 2023 (the “2023 Notes”) to fund the upfront cash purchase price of

the Magnum Acquisition.  The remaining proceeds of the 2023 Notes, together with cash on hand

and borrowings under the 2018 ABL Credit Facility, were used to fully repay and terminate

the Company’s then-existing credit facilities.  While the Company has since refinanced

the 2023 Notes through the Senior Secured Notes, the indebtedness issues originating from the

Magnum Acquisition were never entirely resolved and continue to weigh on the Company’s

balance sheet today.

44. 
Shortly after the Magnum Acquisition, a myriad of industry headwinds challenged

the Company’s operations and amplified the effect of its over-leveraged balance sheet.

Chief among such headwinds was the COVID-19 pandemic, which triggered a stark decline in

21

=== page 22 ===
Case 26-90295   Document 4   Filed in TXSB on 02/01/26   Page 22 of 48

demand for oil and other energy resources as international travel fell to record lows.  Oil and gas

market activity levels decreased by 50% during the COVID-19 period, causing pricing pressures

that, in turn, decreased the Company’s revenue, quickly strained liquidity, and exacerbated

the effects of the Company’s newly increased funded debt obligations.

45. 
The Company has faced additional industry-specific headwinds.  Energy prices, for

example, have remained stubbornly volatile.  The Company’s profitability, like many oil and gas

businesses, depends in large part on resource development activities and corresponding capital

spending of oil and natural gas companies.  When energy prices shift abruptly, it creates

a challenging market environment for the Company and similarly situated businesses.

Pricing trends in the last several years reflect this:  the first quarter of 2021, for example, oil and

natural gas prices began to rebound from the COVID-19 trough, steadily increasing throughout

2021 and remaining supportive into 2022.  Oil prices reached a 13-year high in March 2022,

primarily as a result of the conflict between Russia and Ukraine igniting fears of shortages.  In late

2022, however, due to the rise in interest rates, economic uncertainty, and fears of recession, oil

prices began to decline once again.  The Company felt the effects of the market volatility but,

through the efforts of its experienced management team and employees, avoided a disruptive

restructuring process.

46. 
The oil and gas industry’s persistent volatility still created financial uncertainty for

the Company and hindered its ability to meaningfully strategize for both short-term and long-term

development.  In light of these challenges, value derived from the Magnum Acquisition could not

outpace the industry-wide challenges the Company experienced.  At the same time, cash interest

payments for the 2023 Notes came due twice each year, forcing the Company to consistently

absorb material interest expenses and expend a considerable amount of its available liquidity.

22

=== page 23 ===
Case 26-90295   Document 4   Filed in TXSB on 02/01/26   Page 23 of 48

The below chart illustrates the Company’s significant interest expense over the last several years.

47. 
Finally, worsening capital markets rendered the Company unable to lessen

the negative effect of its debt through an out-of-court refinancing.  As the maturity date for the

2023 Notes neared, the Company began exploring options to refinance its existing funded debt.

Market conditions, however, limited the Company’s options and lenders demanded more

expensive borrowing terms.  As a result of the impending maturity for the 2023 Notes and

the Company’s diminished liquidity position, the Company was forced to refinance the maturing

unsecured 2023 Notes through a transaction that both added to the Company’s secured debt and

increased the interest rate of the Company’s semiannual payments.

48. 
In January 2023, the Company (i) issued the Senior Secured Notes to fund

the redemption of the 2023 Notes, and (ii) amended the 2018 ABL Credit Facility to, among other

things, extend the maturity date thereof and facilitate the issuance of the Senior Secured Notes.

While the Senior Secured Notes and amended 2018 ABL Credit Facility enhanced the Company’s

liquidity position and provided the Company with additional runway to analyze and develop

long-term solutions, they were expensive debt facilities that continued to burden the Company’s

balance sheet.

49. 
The Company explored various options for reducing its leverage, including by

further refinancing and replacing the 2018 ABL Credit Facility via the Prepetition ABL Facility

23

=== page 24 ===
Case 26-90295   Document 4   Filed in TXSB on 02/01/26   Page 24 of 48

on May 1, 2025; however, the industry and capital markets remain challenging.  In 2024, natural

gas price averages fell again, this time by over 60% compared to 2022 prices.  Oil prices also

continued to fall towards the end of 2024, and the imposition of additional tariffs in April 2025 led

to increased costs for critical raw materials such as steel, aluminum, and other manufactured

components, which created further headwinds for the energy industry.  The combination of

the Company’s recent 2023 and 2025 refinancing transactions, stubbornly high interest rates, and

market activity demanding more strenuous terms have rendered a regular-way deleveraging

transaction untenable.  Meanwhile, oil prices and customer demand are both projected to remain

stagnant in 2026, minimizing opportunity for additional organic liquidity.  The result of these two

distinct yet interrelated conditions means out-of-court deleveraging options are impracticable,

forcing the Company to remain stagnant in an unpredictable market—an unworkable outcome.

ii. 
Limitations on Strategic Alternatives.

50. 
Alongside macroeconomic challenges and an overleveraged balance sheet, several

other industry developments caused additional economic hardship.  The most harmful of these is

industry consolidation.  Operational efficiencies in the oil and gas industry are often generated

through strategic mergers and acquisitions.  Oil and gas businesses, including service providers in

the energy industry, commonly gain market leverage by increasing the scale of operations and,

subsequently, attracting more investors and customers.  These transactions evolve the energy

industry landscape, and demand constant adaptation for companies in the industry to

remain competitive.

51. 
As the Company struggled to keep up with its debt service, the oil and gas industry

experienced significant consolidation and technological advancement, especially with respect to

the Company’s customer base.  This trend towards larger, centralized well development companies

that utilize fewer, more technically complex wells limited the number of potential customers and

24

=== page 25 ===
Case 26-90295   Document 4   Filed in TXSB on 02/01/26   Page 25 of 48

mandates.  For example, the number of rigs operating in the Haynesville basin declined by 30%

between 2023 and 2024 alone.  Many oil and gas companies, often in response to their own

declining profit margins and continued market volatility, have successfully restructured to reduce

their respective leverage profiles towards leaner, nimbler operations better suited to current market

environments.  The Company, by comparison, remains at a competitive disadvantage.

52. 
Additionally, investors and market participants began to view North American oil

and gas production with increased skepticism, often assigning flat or otherwise less optimistic

outlooks to pricing and production.  This further contributed to a reduction in the establishment

and deployment of oil rigs, which precipitated a reduction in the number of wells being developed.

As a result, there were fewer opportunities to offer well completion services.

53. 
These factors have constrained the Company’s ability to out-grow or out-perform

its balance sheet challenges.  Nonetheless, the Company’s business, which requires little capital,

is in a strong position to succeed if it can lighten its debt.  The Company realized that, without an

25

=== page 26 ===
Case 26-90295   Document 4   Filed in TXSB on 02/01/26   Page 26 of 48

in-court transaction, revenue would continue to decline while funded debt obligations

simultaneously drained any generated liquidity.

B. 
Prepetition Initiatives and the Path Forward in Chapter 11.

i. 
Engagement with Stakeholders.

54. 
Against the backdrop of challenging market conditions and the high-interest rate

environment, the Company determined that approaching its existing stakeholders for a

much-needed deleveraging transaction was necessary to best position the Company for future

growth.  As a first step in that process, the Company sought external advice and assistance in

October 2025, engaging Moelis & Company LLC (“Moelis”) as investment banker to explore

strategic alternatives.  The Company also turned to Kirkland & Ellis LLP (“Kirkland”) to help lead

negotiations with the Company’s stakeholders and commence contingency preparations for a

variety of potential transactions.  As the Company continued to evaluate its options, it hired FTI

Consulting, Inc. (“FTI”) as financial advisor.

55. 
After retaining Moelis and Kirkland, the Debtors contacted potential advisors to the

Senior Secured Noteholders and asked them to aggregate a group of significant holders.  A group

of four Senior Secured Noteholders engaged the Ad Hoc Group Advisors in November 2025 and

formed the Ad Hoc Group shortly thereafter.  The Debtors, with the assistance of their advisors,

began discussions with the Ad Hoc Group and other key stakeholders and continued evaluating

paths forward.

56. 
Discussions progressed, and in late December the Company worked with Moelis

and Kirkland to execute non-disclosure agreements with the members of the Ad Hoc Group.

The Ad Hoc Group Advisors were also given access to a virtual data room so the Ad Hoc Group

could diligence the Company’s business and potentially engage in strategic transaction

negotiations, especially given the upcoming $19.5 million interest payment due February 1, 2026.

26

=== page 27 ===
Case 26-90295   Document 4   Filed in TXSB on 02/01/26   Page 27 of 48

57. 
Over the course of December and January, the Company and the Ad Hoc Group

traded multiple term sheets and made progress on transaction specifics.  The Company and its

advisors also held numerous diligence calls and satisfied the Ad Hoc Group Advisors’ diligence

requests expeditiously.  In parallel, the Company continued to communicate with the Prepetition

ABL Lenders, who were aware of the Company’s liquidity situation and the fact that the Company

was in discussions with the Ad Hoc Group.  Negotiations remained productive as the Ad Hoc

Group reviewed detailed diligence and came to understand the Debtors’ operations, liquidity

needs, assets, and contractual relationships.

58. 
Ultimately, the Company, with the assistance of its advisors, determined that its

best and only option was to deleverage its balance sheet through a chapter 11 process in advance

of the impending interest payment on the Senior Secured Notes.  Transaction details solidified,

and the Company and the Prepetition ABL Lenders also engaged in arm’s-length negotiations on

the terms of debtor-in-possession financing to provide a replacement asset-based loan facility that

would roll into an exit asset-based loan facility, each to be provided by the Prepetition ABL

Lenders.  As described in more detail herein, the Debtors, with assistance of Moelis, also engaged

in a third-party DIP financing marketing process.  That process yielded two additional bids, but

after negotiation on terms, it became clear that those bids were either not actionable or inferior to

the DIP financing offered by the Prepetition ABL Lenders.

ii. 
Restructuring Support Agreement.7

59. 
The Company’s negotiations with its key financial stakeholders culminated in

execution of the RSA on February 1, 2026.  The decision to enter into the RSA and commence

7 
Capitalized terms used but not otherwise defined in this section have the meaning ascribed to them in the RSA or 
the Plan.

27

=== page 28 ===
Case 26-90295   Document 4   Filed in TXSB on 02/01/26   Page 28 of 48

these chapter 11 cases was based on months of strategic review and regular discussions amongst

the Company’s board of directors (the “Board”).  The Board determined, after extensive

discussions with Moelis, Kirkland, and FTI, that the RSA and these chapter 11 cases represent the

most value-maximizing path forward for the Company.  To that end, the Board authorized entry

into the RSA and commencement of these chapter 11 cases.

60. 
The Restructuring Transactions outlined in the RSA are supported by the Ad Hoc

Group—i.e., Senior Secured Noteholders holding more than 70% of the Senior Secured Notes and

the Prepetition ABL Lenders, both of which are signatories to the RSA.  The Restructuring

Transactions and the commitments for debtor-in-possession financing, which include $125 million

in committed revolving credit availability (the “DIP Facility”), will support the Company’s

operations during chapter 11 and ensure a smooth and timely exit from chapter 11.

61. 
The RSA contemplates the following:

• 
the Prepetition ABL Lenders will provide a senior secured superpriority 
asset-based DIP Facility with an aggregate principal commitment of 
$125 million on the terms set forth in the DIP Documents.  The DIP Facility 
shall be used for (i) working capital and corporate purposes of the Debtors, 
(ii) bankruptcy-related costs and expenses in respect of the Chapter 11 
Cases, (iii) costs and expenses related to the DIP Facility, and 
(iv) refinancing all obligations under the Prepetition ABL Facility;

• 
on the Effective Date, the DIP Facility shall convert into the Exit ABL 
Facility with an aggregate principal commitment of $135 million and 
secured by a first lien security interest on substantially all assets of the 
Debtors, as reorganized pursuant to the Restructuring Transactions;

• 
each Holder of an Allowed Prepetition ABL Claim shall be paid in full in 
cash to the extent not converted into DIP Claims in accordance with the DIP 
Documents;

• 
each Holder of Senior Secured Notes Claim shall receive, in full and final 
satisfaction, settlement, release, and discharge of, and in exchange for, its 
pro rata share of 100% of the New Equity Interests, which shall be 
distributed ratably on account of the Allowed Senior Secured Notes Claims 
and subject to dilution by the Management Incentive Plan;

28

=== page 29 ===
Case 26-90295   Document 4   Filed in TXSB on 02/01/26   Page 29 of 48

• 
General Unsecured Claims will be unimpaired; and

• 
on the Effective Date, the Nine Energy Equity Interests shall be cancelled, 
released, discharged, extinguished, and of no further force or effect, and 
such holder shall not receive any distribution, property, or other value under 
the Plan on account of such Nine Energy Equity Interests.

62. 
The RSA contains the following milestones:

• 
no later than 11:59 p.m. (prevailing Eastern Time) on February 1, 2026, 
the Debtors shall have commenced solicitation of votes in favor of the Plan;

• 
no later than 11:59 p.m. (prevailing Eastern Time) on February 1, 2026, 
the Debtors shall have commenced the Chapter 11 Cases in the 
Bankruptcy Court;

• 
no later than one (1) day following the Petition Date, the Debtors shall have 
filed with the Bankruptcy Court:  (i) the First Day Pleadings; (ii) the Plan, 
the Disclosure Statement, the motion scheduling the Combined Hearing, 
and the Solicitation Materials; and (iii) the DIP Motion (including the 
proposed Interim DIP Order);

• 
no later than three (3) Business Days following the Petition Date, subject to 
Bankruptcy Court availability, the Bankruptcy Court shall have entered the 
Interim DIP Order;

• 
no later than 11:59 p.m. (prevailing Eastern Time) on March 16, 2026, 
subject to Bankruptcy Court availability, the Bankruptcy Court shall have 
entered the Disclosure Statement Order, the Confirmation Order, and the 
Final DIP Order; and

• 
no later than 11:59 p.m. (prevailing Eastern Time) on March 31, 2026, the 
Plan Effective Date shall have occurred.

63. 
To limit business interruption and maximize the Company’s ability to achieve its

long-term operational and financial goals, it is critical that the Debtors move through these

chapter 11 cases as efficiently as possible.

iii. 
Investigation.

64. 
In December 2025, the Company, at the direction of the Company’s independent

director, Scott Schwinger (the “Independent Director”), engaged Kane Russell Coleman Logan PC

(“Kane Russell”) as independent counsel to assist in, among other things, conducting an

29

=== page 30 ===
Case 26-90295   Document 4   Filed in TXSB on 02/01/26   Page 30 of 48

independent investigation (the “Investigation”) into any and all potential estate claims and causes

of action, including as against related parties of the Company arising from the Company’s

prepetition transactions.

65. 
To assist with the Investigation, it is my understanding that the Independent

Director instructed Kane Russell to conduct a thorough review of the Debtors’ books and records,

transactions, and actions taken prior to the Petition Date.  The Debtors provided the Independent

Director with access to the Debtors’ documents and personnel, and Kane Russell conducted

interviews of the Debtors’ current directors, officers, and employees, including myself and others

on the management team.  It is my understanding that the Investigation concluded prior to the

commencement of these chapter 11 cases.  The Debtors intend to provide additional information

regarding the Investigation and evidentiary support for the Plan’s various release and exculpation

provisions prior to confirmation.

iv. 
The Proposed DIP Facility and Access to Cash Collateral.

66. 
The Company seeks approval of a $125 million senior secured superpriority

asset-based financing facility composed of (i) postpetition access to all of the commitments under

the Prepetition ABL Facility, (ii) a “roll-up” or refinancing of all prepetition ABL obligations upon

entry of the Interim DIP Order, and (iii) a $5 million sublimit for the issuance of standby letters of

credit.  The Debtors will also have access to the cash collateral subject to a prepetition security

interest in favor of the Prepetition ABL Lenders on a consensual basis, which is essential to the

continued operation of the Debtors’ business.  The DIP Facility is the best (and only) financing

alternative available to the Debtors and the only financing the Debtors’ secured lenders will

support.  The DIP Facility also forms an integral component of the RSA.  To confirm that no other

party was willing to provide junior debtor-in-possession financing or debtor-in-possession

financing otherwise on better terms, in the weeks preceding the Petition Date, the Company, with

30

=== page 31 ===
Case 26-90295   Document 4   Filed in TXSB on 02/01/26   Page 31 of 48

the assistance of Moelis, launched a targeted “market test” process to gauge third-party interest in

providing debtor-in-possession financing.  The Company contacted third parties that specialize in

special situation direct lending to solicit interest in extending financing on the timeline and in the

quantum required.  In total, the Company contacted 25 parties and 15 executed confidentiality

agreements.  In response, the Debtors received two additional DIP proposals to refinance the

prepetition ABL obligations, and the Debtors closely engaged those parties to gauge the potential

for securing better terms for chapter 11 financing.  Ultimately, no alternative third-party financing

was offered on better terms than those proposed under the DIP Facility.8

67. 
The DIP Facility is essential to the Debtors’ ability to continue operations and

administer these chapter 11 cases and are an integral component of the transaction.  The nature of

the DIP Facility was driven by the need to keep access to the Debtors’ revolving credit facility,

thereby allowing continued operation of the Debtors’ business in the ordinary course and the

incremental cost of administering these chapter 11 cases.

68. 
The Debtors require immediate access to the additional liquidity provided through

the DIP Facility.  Based on the Debtors’ forecast, the Debtors anticipate that absent the funds

available from the DIP Facility, they will hit a liquidity shortfall in the first week of these

chapter 11 cases and, consequently, would face a value-destructive interruption to their business

and lose support from key customers, stakeholders, and vendors on whom the Debtors’ business

depends.

8  
The process and engagement with the interested DIP parties is described in more detail in the Declaration of 
Bassam J. Latif in Support of the Debtors’ Emergency Motion for Entry of Interim and Final Orders 
(I) Authorizing the Debtors to Obtain Postpetition Financing, (II) Granting Liens and Providing Claims with 
Superpriority Administrative Expense Status, (III) Authorizing the Use of Cash Collateral, (IV) Modifying the 
Automatic Stay, (V) Scheduling a Final Hearing, and (VI) Granting Related Relief, filed contemporaneously 
herewith.

31

=== page 32 ===
Case 26-90295   Document 4   Filed in TXSB on 02/01/26   Page 32 of 48

69. 
The commitments under the DIP Facility and RSA demonstrate that the Debtors

have a path to exit on “day one” of these cases with the support of the DIP Lenders (as defined in

the Plan) and the other RSA parties and provide the Debtors with a clear message to all

stakeholders that the Debtors will be able to continue providing services to their customers in the

ordinary course.  As discussed above, the timeline contemplated by the milestones contained in

the RSA provide all parties with clear visibility into the timeline of these cases.

IV. 
Evidentiary Basis for Relief Requested in the First Day Motions.

70. 
Contemporaneously herewith, the Debtors have requested a variety of relief in their

“first day” motions and applications (collectively, the “First Day Motions”).  The First Day

Motions seek orders granting various forms of relief intended to stabilize the Debtors’ business

operations, facilitate the efficient administration of these chapter 11 cases, and ensure that the

value of the Debtors’ assets is maximized for the benefit of all stakeholders.  Approval of the relief

requested in the First Day Motions is critical to the Debtors’ ability to continue operating their

business with minimal disruption and thereby preserving value for the Debtors’ estates and various

stakeholders.

71. 
The First Day Motions request authority to pay certain prepetition claims.  I have

been advised by counsel that Federal Rule of Bankruptcy Procedure 6003 provides, in relevant

part, that the Court shall not consider motions to pay prepetition claims during the first twenty-one

days following the filing of a chapter 11 petition “except to the extent relief is necessary to avoid

immediate and irreparable harm.”  I understand that the Debtors have narrowly tailored their

requests for immediate authority to pay certain prepetition claims in light of this requirement.  I am

generally familiar with the contents and substance of each First Day Motion, and the statements

and facts set forth in each of the First Day Motions are true and correct to the best of my knowledge.

I believe that the relief sought therein (a) is necessary to permit an effective transition into

32

=== page 33 ===
Case 26-90295   Document 4   Filed in TXSB on 02/01/26   Page 33 of 48

chapter 11, (b) constitutes a critical element for the Debtors to successfully implement a chapter

11 strategy and is a sound exercise of business judgment, and (c) best serves the Debtors’ estates

and creditors’ interests.  I believe that the Debtors’ estates would suffer immediate and irreparable

harm absent the ability to make certain essential payments and otherwise continue their business

operations as sought in the First Day Motions.  The evidentiary support for the First Day Motions

is set forth in Exhibit A attached hereto.

33

=== page 34 ===
Case 26-90295   Document 4   Filed in TXSB on 02/01/26   Page 34 of 48

Pursuant to 28 U.S.C. § 1746, I declare under penalty of perjury that the foregoing

statements are true and correct to the best of my knowledge, information, and belief.

Dated:  February 1, 2026 
/s/ Guy Sirkes 
 
Guy Sirkes 
 
Executive Vice President & Chief Financial Officer 
Nine Energy Service, Inc.

=== page 35 ===
Case 26-90295   Document 4   Filed in TXSB on 02/01/26   Page 35 of 48

Exhibit A

Evidentiary Support for First Day Motions

=== page 36 ===
Case 26-90295   Document 4   Filed in TXSB on 02/01/26   Page 36 of 48

Evidentiary Support for First Day Motions1

1. 
Joint Administration Motion.  The Debtors’ Emergency Motion for Entry of an

Order (I) Directing Joint Administration of the Debtors’ Chapter 11 Cases and (II) Granting

Related Relief seeks joint administration of the Debtors’ cases for procedural purposes only, given

the integrated nature of the Debtors’ operations.  Joint administration of these chapter 11 cases for

procedural purposes only will provide significant administrative convenience without harming the

substantive rights of any party in interest.  The entry of an order directing joint administration of

these chapter 11 cases will reduce fees and costs by avoiding duplicative filings and objections.

Joint administration also will allow the U.S. Trustee and all parties in interest to monitor these

chapter 11 cases with greater ease and efficiency.

2. 
156(c) Retention of Claims Agent.  The Debtors’ Emergency Ex Parte Application

for Entry of an Order Authorizing the Employment and Retention of Epiq Corporate Restructuring,

LLC as Claims, Noticing, and Solicitation Agent seeks authority to employ Epiq Corporate

Restructuring, LLC (“Epiq”) as the claims, noticing, and solicitation agent for these chapter 11

cases.  Epiq’s employment is in the best interest of the estates in light of the number of parties in

interest and the complexity of the Debtors’ business, and it will provide the most efficient and

effective means for noticing stakeholders, administering claims, and solicitating and tabulating

votes on a chapter 11 plan.

3. 
Consolidated Creditor Matrix Motion.  The Debtors’ Emergency Motion for Entry

of an Order (I) Authorizing the Debtors to (A) File a Consolidated Creditor Matrix and a

1  
To the extent there is any conflict or inconsistency between the relief described herein and the relief requested in 
the applicable First Day Motion, the relief requested in the applicable First Day Motion shall govern.  Capitalized 
terms used but not defined in this Exhibit shall have the meanings ascribed to them in the applicable First Day 
Motion.

=== page 37 ===
Case 26-90295   Document 4   Filed in TXSB on 02/01/26   Page 37 of 48

Consolidated List of the 30 Largest Unsecured Creditors, (B) Redact or Withhold Certain

Confidential Information of Customers, and (C) Redact Certain Personally Identifiable

Information of Natural Persons, (II) Waiving the Requirement to File a List of Equity Security

Holders, (III) Approving the Form and Manner of Notifying Creditors of the Commencement of

the Chapter 11 Cases and Other Information, and (IV) Granting Related Relief seeks a Court order

(a) authorizing the Debtors to (i) file a consolidated creditor matrix and a consolidated list of the

Debtors’ thirty (30) largest unsecured creditors, (ii) redact certain confidential information of

customers, and (iii) redact certain personally identifiable information of natural persons;

(b) waiving the requirement to file a list of, and provide notice directly to, certain equity security

holders of Debtor Nine Energy Service, Inc.; and (c) approving the form and manner of notifying

creditors of the commencement of these chapter 11 cases and other information.  Because the

preparation of separate lists of creditors for each Debtor would be expensive, time consuming, and

administratively burdensome, the Debtors should be authorized to file one Consolidated Creditor

Matrix for all Debtors.  Moreover, the requirements to file a list of, and to provide notice directly

to, equity security holders should be waived as to Nine Energy.  With the exception of a small

subset of registered equity security holders, the Common Stock holdings cannot be readily traced

to specific individual holders.  Preparing and submitting such a list with last known addresses for

each equity security holder and sending notices to all such parties would create undue expense and

an administrative burden with limited corresponding benefit to the estates or parties in interest.

4. 
Additionally, one of the Debtors’ most critical assets is their Customer List.  If the

Debtors were required to disclose the Customer List, the Debtors’ business operations may be

harmed by loss of customers to competitors, which could in turn negatively impact the Debtors’

estates.  The redaction of the Customer List is appropriate to maintain existing customer

2

=== page 38 ===
Case 26-90295   Document 4   Filed in TXSB on 02/01/26   Page 38 of 48

relationships and maximize the value of the Debtors’ estates.  Furthermore, the redaction of certain

personally identifiable information of individuals is necessary due to the privacy and safety

concerns that would arise if such information were disclosed in the Debtors’ Court filings and to

help the Debtors comply with applicable privacy laws.  Approving the form and manner of the

notice of commencement is necessary to avoid confusion among creditors as well as to prevent the

Debtors’ estates from incurring unnecessary costs associated with serving multiple notices to the

parties listed on the Debtors’ voluminous Consolidated Creditor Matrix.

5. 
Wages & Benefits Motion.  The Debtors’ Emergency Motion For Entry of an

Order (I) Authorizing the Debtors to (A) Pay Prepetition Wages, Salaries, Other Compensation,

and Reimbursable Expenses and (B) Continue Employee Benefits Programs, and (II) Granting

Related Relief seeks entry of an order authorizing, but not directing, the Debtors to (a) pay

prepetition wages, salaries, other compensation, and reimbursable expenses and (b) continue

employee benefits programs in the ordinary course, including payment of certain prepetition

obligations related thereto.  The Compensation and Benefits that the Debtors are seeking authority

to pay and honor include, among other things, Wage Obligations, the Independent Contractor

Obligations, the Staffing Agency Fees, the Non-Insider Bonus Programs, the Reimbursable

Expenses, the Withholding Obligations, the Employer Payroll Taxes, the Payroll Processing Fees,

the Health and Welfare Coverage and Benefits, the Workers’ Compensation Program, the 401(k)

Program, the Paid Leave Benefits, the Non-Insider Severance Benefits, the Other Benefits, and

certain other compensation or benefits that the Debtors provide in the ordinary course.

The Debtors employ approximately 1,070 full-time Employees across the United States and

Canada.  In addition to the Employees, the Debtors have historically retained and will continue to

retain a small number of individuals as independent contractors who provide consulting services

3

=== page 39 ===
Case 26-90295   Document 4   Filed in TXSB on 02/01/26   Page 39 of 48

and temporary workers whom the Debtors source periodically from staffing agencies.  As of the

Petition Date, the Debtors retain approximately 30 Independent Contractors and Temporary

Workers.  The Employees, Independent Contractors, and Temporary Workers perform a wide

variety of job functions that are critical to the Debtors’ business operations and the administration

of these chapter 11 cases, including design and engineering, health and safety oversight, sales,

project management, supply chain management, shipping and trucking, specialized equipment

operation and maintenance, and other manufacturing functions.

6. 
The Employees’ skills, knowledge, and understanding of the Debtors’ operations

and infrastructure are essential to preserving operational stability and efficiency.  They possess

unique skills and experience with respect to the Debtors’ core business segments that, in many

instances, cannot be easily replaced.  The Debtors believe that, absent timely payment of amounts

owed to their Employees, the Debtors may experience employee turnover and instability at this

critical time in these chapter 11 cases.  The Employees, along with the Independent Contractors

and Temporary Workers, rely on their compensation and benefits to pay their daily living expenses

and support their families.  The Employees will be exposed to significant financial hardship if the

Court does not permit the Debtors to continue paying their wages and salaries and providing health

and other benefits in the ordinary course during these chapter 11 cases.  Furthermore, the Debtors

and their estates will also be harmed if they are unable to provide the Compensation and Benefits

to their Employees consistent with past practice.  Without the continued, uninterrupted services of

the Employees, Independent Contractors, and Temporary Workers, the Debtors’ business

operations would suffer immediate and irreparable harm, and their restructuring efforts would be

materially impaired.  Accordingly, the relief requested is necessary and appropriate.

4

=== page 40 ===
Case 26-90295   Document 4   Filed in TXSB on 02/01/26   Page 40 of 48

7. 
Cash Management Motion.  The Debtors’ Emergency Motion for Entry of Interim

and Final Orders (I) Authorizing the Debtors to (A) Continue to Operate Their Cash Management

System and Maintain Existing Bank Accounts, (B) Continue to Perform Intercompany

Transactions, and (C) Maintain Existing Business Forms and Books and Records, (II) Granting

Administrative Expense Status to Postpetition Intercompany Claims, and (III) Granting Related

Relief seeks interim and final Court orders (a) authorizing, but not directing, the Debtors to

(i) continue to operate their Cash Management System and maintain their existing Bank Accounts,

including by honoring certain prepetition obligations related thereto, (ii) carry out Intercompany

Transactions and funding consistent with the Debtors’ historical practices, and (iii) maintain

existing Business Forms and Books and Records; and (b) granting administrative expense status

to the Intercompany Transactions among the Debtors and between the Debtors and their

non-Debtor affiliates.

8. 
In the ordinary course of business, the Debtors maintain their Cash Management

System to collect, transfer, and disburse funds generated from operating their businesses.

The Cash Management System facilitates Intercompany Transactions among various Debtors and

between the Debtors and their non-Debtor affiliates to ensure that sufficient cash is available for

each such entity.  The Company’s treasury department maintains daily oversight over the Cash

Management System by implementing cash management controls for accepting, processing, and

releasing funds, including in connection with any Intercompany Transactions.

9. 
Given the size, scale, and integrated nature of the Company’s businesses, any

disruption to the Cash Management System would have an immediate and materially adverse

effect on the Debtors’ operations and ability to transition smoothly into these chapter 11 cases, to

the detriment of their estates and stakeholders.  Accordingly, to minimize disruption and maximize

5

=== page 41 ===
Case 26-90295   Document 4   Filed in TXSB on 02/01/26   Page 41 of 48

the value of the Debtors’ estates, the Debtors should be granted authority to continue operating

their existing Cash Management System in the ordinary course of business and to pay any

prepetition amounts related thereto that are owed as of the Petition Date.

10. 
Customer Contracts Motion.  The Debtors’ Emergency Motion for Entry of an

Order (I) Authorizing the Debtors to (A) Honor and Incur Obligations under Customer Contracts,

(B) Obtain New Customer Contracts, and (C) Maintain and Administer their Customer Programs

and Honor Certain Prepetition Obligations Related Thereto, and (II) Granting Related Relief

seeks a Court order (a) authorizing, but not directing, the Debtors to (i) honor, pay, or otherwise

satisfy any and all prepetition and postpetition obligations incurred in relation to the Existing

Customer Contracts, including Contract Adjustments, Operating Costs, Liquidated Damage

Payments, Warranties, and Indemnifications, (ii) incur, honor, pay, or otherwise satisfy any and

all prepetition and postpetition obligations related to attracting, seeking, entering into, and

maintaining New Customer Contracts, including Contract Adjustments, Operating Costs,

Liquidated Damage Payments, Warranties, and Indemnifications, and (iii) maintain and administer

their Customer Programs and honor certain prepetition business practices related thereto on a

postpetition basis in each case, in the ordinary course of business and consistent with past practice.

11. 
The Debtors’ revenue depends on their ability to attract and retain their Customers

on the terms set forth in the Customer Contracts.  Further, harm to the Debtors’ reputation resulting

from an inability to perform under the Existing Customer Contracts would likely inhibit the

Debtors’ ability to attract and retain Customers and obtain new Customer Contracts.  The Debtors’

ability to continue the Customer Programs and honor obligations thereunder is necessary to

preserve material Customer relationships, respond to competitive market pressures, support

revenue generation and continuity, and ultimately maximize value for the Debtors’ estates.

6

=== page 42 ===
Case 26-90295   Document 4   Filed in TXSB on 02/01/26   Page 42 of 48

Continuing the Customer Programs will enable the Debtors to maintain goodwill and enhance

revenue and profitability for the benefit of all of the Debtors’ key stakeholders.  The Debtors

believe that their ability to continue performing under the Existing Customer Contracts and to

maintain the Customer Programs in the ordinary course of business is critical to preserving

material customer relationships, complying with contractual obligations, and remaining

competitive in the marketplace.  Any interruption in performance under the Existing Customer

Contracts, or the discontinuation of the Customer Programs, would likely result in lost revenue,

threaten the Debtors’ ability to maintain ordinary course operations and remain consistent with

past practice, and impair the Debtors’ ability to meet ongoing operational and liquidity

requirements.

12. 
All Trade Motion.  The Debtors’ Emergency Motion for Entry of Interim and Final

Orders (I) Authorizing the Debtors to Pay Prepetition Trade Claims in the Ordinary Course of

Business, (II) Confirming the Administrative Expense Priority of Outstanding Orders,

and (III) Granting Related Relief (the “All Trade Motion”) seeks interim and final Court orders

(a) authorizing, but not directing, the Debtors to pay all Trade Claims in the ordinary course of

business, and (b) confirming the administrative expense priority of Outstanding Orders and

authorizing, but not directing, the Debtors to satisfy such Outstanding Orders in the ordinary

course of business.  As a highly specialized business, the Debtors’ success depends on the

uninterrupted flow of goods and services throughout their global supply chain and distribution

network.  To that end, the Debtors maintain a network of longstanding, productive relationships

with the Trade Creditors, who provide the Debtors with, among other things:  (a) parts and

equipment required to operate the Debtors’ various business segments, including goods and

components such as cement, coil tubing strings, perforating gun systems, chemicals and additives

7

=== page 43 ===
Case 26-90295   Document 4   Filed in TXSB on 02/01/26   Page 43 of 48

for cement mixtures, and well liners, among others, (b) services related to the use, repair and

maintenance, and rental of critical equipment, including coil tubing units, wireline units, cranes,

and other vehicles, (c) machining services, including for the Debtors’ tools division, and

(d) logistics and transportation services, including shipping and freight services.  In addition to the

categories described above, Trade Creditors also supply indispensable items such as safety

equipment, product components, tools and tool parts, and other basic business necessities required

for the operation of the Debtors’ businesses.

13. 
Consistent with the Plan’s proposed treatment of Trade Creditors, the Debtors

intend to pay Trade Claims as they come due in the ordinary course of business.  The relief

requested in the All Trade Motion is tailored to further the Debtors’ restructuring goals and

maximize the value of their estates by preserving operational efficiency and implementing the

spirit of the RSA on the first day of these chapter 11 cases.  Given the prepackaged nature of these

chapter 11 cases, the unimpaired treatment of Trade Creditors under the Plan, and the importance

of uninterrupted business operations, the Debtors believe that this relief is appropriate.

14. 
Maintaining relationships with Trade Creditors and having the ability to pay them

is critical to the Debtors’ reorganization efforts.  The Debtors cannot afford, and likely could not

withstand, the severe disruption to their supply chain that would result from failing to pay Trade

Claims on time.  Any interruption to the Debtors’ business at this critical juncture—however

brief—could induce Trade Creditors to halt shipments, set off amounts owed, sever commercial

relationships, or take other measures that will harm the Debtors’ estates.  Creditors also hold Trade

Claims in Canada, and there is incremental risk when foreign Trade Creditors are involved, as such

creditors may disregard the automatic stay and attempt to exercise remedies in

non-U.S. jurisdictions.

8

=== page 44 ===
Case 26-90295   Document 4   Filed in TXSB on 02/01/26   Page 44 of 48

15. 
Insurance Motion.  The Debtors’ Emergency Motion for Entry of an Order

(I) Authorizing the Debtors to (A) Maintain Insurance Coverage Entered into Prepetition and

Satisfy Prepetition Obligations Related Thereto, (B) Renew, Amend, Supplement, Extend,

Purchase, and Enter into New Insurance Policies, (C) Honor Prepetition Payment Arrangements,

(D) Continue to Pay Broker Fees, and (E) Maintain Any Surety Bonds and Letters of Credit and

(II) Granting Related Relief seeks a Court order authorizing the Debtors to (a) maintain insurance

coverage entered into prepetition and satisfy prepetition obligations related thereto in the ordinary

course of business, (b) renew, amend, supplement, extend, purchase, and enter into insurance

coverage on a postpetition basis in the ordinary course of business, (c) honor and renew the terms

of the premium financing agreement entered into prepetition, satisfy obligations related thereto,

and enter into new premium financing agreements in the ordinary course of business, (d) pay

prepetition obligations on account of and continue to pay Broker Fees on a postpetition basis in

the ordinary course of business, and (e) maintain, renew, modify, supplement, terminate, and

replace any Surety Bonds and Letters of Credit.  The continuation and renewal of the Debtors’

Insurance Policies, Surety Bonds, and Letters of Credit are essential to preserving the value of the

Debtors’ business and assets.

16. 
Taxes Motion.  The Debtors’ Emergency Motion for Entry of an Order

(I) Authorizing the Payment of Certain Taxes and Fees and (II) Granting Related Relief seeks

authority to negotiate, pay, and remit (or use tax credits to offset) or otherwise satisfy Taxes and

Fees arising or accrued in the ordinary course of business that are payable or become payable

during these chapter 11 cases, including any obligations arising on account of an Audit or

Assessment, without regard to whether such obligations accrued or arose before, on, or after the

Petition Date.  Failure to pay the Taxes and Fees (including any Assessments) as and when they

9

=== page 45 ===
Case 26-90295   Document 4   Filed in TXSB on 02/01/26   Page 45 of 48

come due could materially disrupt the Debtors’ business operations by increasing the Debtors’ tax

liability, causing Authorities to initiate Audits or pursue other remedies, and/or subjecting the

Debtors’ directors and officers to claims of personal liability, which would distract from the

Debtors’ restructuring efforts.  Further, claims on account of certain of the Taxes and Fees may be

priority claims entitled to payment before general unsecured claims, and certain of those claims

may be entitled to secured status.

17. 
Additionally, the Taxes Motion seeks authority to engage in Tax Planning

Activities as necessary on a postpetition basis.  The ability to engage in the Tax Planning Activities

is necessary to provide the Debtors with the flexibility to take steps to minimize overall tax costs,

which could include, among other things, state and local taxes associated with implementing any

proposed chapter 11 plan and therefore enhance the value of the estates for their creditors.

18. 
Utilities Motion.  The Debtors’ Emergency Motion for Entry of an Order

(I) Approving the Debtors’ Proposed Adequate Assurance of Payment for Future Utility Services,

(II) Prohibiting Utility Providers from Altering, Refusing, or Discontinuing Services,

(III) Approving the Debtors’ Proposed Procedures for Resolving Adequate Assurance Requests,

and (IV) Granting Related Relief seeks entry of an order (a) determining that the Adequate

Assurance Procedures (as defined herein) provide the Utility Providers with adequate assurance of

payment within the meaning of section 366 of the Bankruptcy Code, (b) prohibiting the Utility

Providers from altering, refusing, or discontinuing services, and (c) approving procedures for

resolving any dispute concerning adequate assurance in the event that a Utility Provider is not

satisfied with the Proposed Adequate Assurance.

19. 
The uninterrupted Utility Services are essential to the Debtors’ ongoing business

operations and, hence, the overall success of these chapter 11 cases.  To successfully operate their

10

=== page 46 ===
Case 26-90295   Document 4   Filed in TXSB on 02/01/26   Page 46 of 48

businesses, the Debtors must maintain the ability to run their cementing, coiled tubing, research

and development, fabrication, and warehouse facilities in a near-constant state.  The Debtors’

operations, facilities, and offices require a near-constant supply of electricity, water, natural gas,

telecommunications, waste management (including sewer, trash and janitorial services), internet,

and other similar services.  Any refusal, alteration, or disruption of Utility Services by a Utility

Provider, even for a brief period, would severely disrupt the Debtors’ business operations, and, as

a result, potentially endanger the health and safety of the Debtors’ employees or materially impair

the Debtors’ ability to successfully advance their reorganization efforts.  Any disruption of Utility

Services would also materially impair the Debtors’ revenue-generating and production capabilities

to the detriment of all stakeholders in these chapter 11 cases.  Accordingly, the relief requested in

the Utilities Motion is in the best interests of the Debtors’ estates, their creditors, and other parties

in interest, and will enable the Debtors to continue to effectively operate their businesses during

these chapter 11 cases.

20. 
NOL Motion.  The Debtors’ Emergency Motion for Entry of an Order

(I) Approving Notification and Hearing Procedures for Certain Transfers of and Declarations of

Worthlessness with Respect to Common Stock, (II) Directing Any Such Transfer or Declaration of

Worthlessness in Violation of Such Procedure Be Null and Void Ab Initio, and (III) Granting

Related Relief seeks a Court order (a) approving certain notification and hearing procedures related

to certain transfers of, or declarations of worthlessness, with respect to Debtor Nine Energy

Service, Inc.’s existing class of common stock or any Beneficial Ownership therein and

(b) directing that any purchase, sale, other transfer of, or declaration of worthlessness with respect

to the Beneficial Ownership of Common Stock in violation of the Procedures shall be null and

void ab initio.

11

=== page 47 ===
Case 26-90295   Document 4   Filed in TXSB on 02/01/26   Page 47 of 48

21. 
The Debtors estimate that, as of December 31, 2024 they had approximately

$381 million of federal NOLs and approximately $104 million of 163(j) Carryforwards.

The Debtors may generate substantial additional Tax Attributes in the current tax year, including

during the pendency of these chapter 11 cases.  The Tax Attributes are potentially of significant

value to the Debtors and their estates because the Tax Attributes may offset federal taxable income

or federal tax liability in future years, including any taxable income generated by transactions

consummated during these chapter 11 cases.  The Procedures are intended to preserve the value of

the Tax Attributes to the benefit of the Debtors’ stakeholders by ensuring that there are no

“ownership changes” that may negatively affect the Debtors’ utilization of the Tax Attributes.

Conversely, a premature limitation of the Debtors’ Tax Attributes could cause substantial

deterioration of value and significantly reduce recoveries to the Debtors’ stakeholders.  Failure to

obtain the relief sought in the motion could therefore greatly increase the risk that the Debtors

would be unable to maximize the value of their estates.

22. 
Disclosure Statement Scheduling Motion.  The Debtors’ Emergency Motion for

Entry of an Order (I) Scheduling a Combined Disclosure Statement Approval and Plan

Confirmation Hearing, (II) Establishing a Plan Voting Deadline, Opt-Out Deadline, and Plan and

Disclosure Statement Objection Deadline and Related Procedures, (III) Approving the Solicitation

Procedures, (IV) Approving the Combined Hearing Notice, (V) Waiving the Requirements for the

U.S. Trustee to Convene a Meeting of Creditors, (VI) Waiving the Requirements for the Debtors

to File (A) Schedules and SOFAs and (B) Rule 2015.3 Financial Reports, and (VII) Granting

Related Relief seeks a Court order (a) scheduling the Combined Hearing; (b) establishing the

Voting Deadline, the Opt-Out Deadline, and the Objection Deadline and approving related

procedures; (c) approving the form and manner of the Combined Hearing Notice, the Publication

12

=== page 48 ===
Case 26-90295   Document 4   Filed in TXSB on 02/01/26   Page 48 of 48

Notice, and the Notice of Non-Voting Status (including the Opt-Out Form); (d) approving the

Solicitation Procedures and the form and manner of the Ballots; (e) waiving the requirement to

mail Solicitation Packages to the Non-Voting Classes; (f) allowing the notice period for the

Disclosure Statement and the Combined Hearing to run simultaneously; (g) conditionally waiving

the requirements that (i) the U.S. Trustee convene the Creditors’ Meeting and (ii) the Debtors file

Schedules, SOFAs, and 2015.3 Reports; and (i) granting related relief.  In connection with the

foregoing, the Debtors are requesting that the Court approve the Confirmation Schedule, including

a proposed hearing to approve the adequacy of the Disclosure Statement and confirm the Plan,

subject to the Court’s availability, to implement their restructuring transactions.  The relief

requested will preserve estate resources and enable the Debtors to implement the Restructuring

Transactions expeditiously and cost-effectively.

13

