=== page 1 ===
Case 25-12055-BLS    Doc 38    Filed 11/18/25    Page 1 of 113

IN THE UNITED STATES BANKRUPTCY COURT

FOR THE DISTRICT OF DELAWARE

In re: 
 
LUGANO DIAMONDS & JEWELRY INC., 
et al.,1

Debtors.

Chapter 11 
 
Case No. 25-12055 (BLS)  
 
(Joint Administration Requested) 
 
Ref. Docket Nos: 6, 12 & 13

OMNIBUS NOTICE OF FILING OF BLACKLINES OF FIRST-DAY ORDERS

PLEASE TAKE NOTICE that, on November 16, 2025, the above-captioned debtors and 
debtors in possession (collectively, the “Debtors”) filed certain first day pleadings (the “First Day 
Pleadings”) with the United States Bankruptcy Court for the District of Delaware.  Subsequent 
thereto, the Debtors revised various proposed forms of order attached to certain of the First Day 
Pleadings.

PLEASE TAKE FURTHER NOTICE that attached hereto as Exhibit 1 is a blackline 
comparing the proposed form of order attached to the Motion of Debtors for Interim and Final 
Orders (A) Approving the Debtors’ Proposed Adequate Assurance Procedures with Respect to the 
Debtors’ Utility Providers, (B) Approving the Debtors’ Proposed Adequate Assurance of Payment 
for Future Utility Services, (C) Prohibiting Utility Providers from Altering, Refusing, or 
Discontinuing Services, and (D) Granting Related Relief [Docket No. 6] as Exhibit A against a 
revised proposed form of order incorporating certain comments from the Office of the United 
States Trustee for the District of Delaware (the U.S. Trustee”).

PLEASE TAKE FURTHER NOTICE that attached hereto as Exhibit 2 is a blackline 
comparing the proposed form of order attached to the Motion of Debtors for Interim and Final 
Orders (A) Authorizing the Debtors to (I) Obtain Postpetition Financing, and (II) Utilize Cash 
Collateral, (B) Granting Liens and Providing Superpriority Administrative Expense Claims, 
(C) Granting Adequate Protection to the Prepetition Lender, (D) Modifying the Automatic Stay, 
(E) Scheduling a Final Hearing, and (F) Granting Related Relief [Docket No. 12] as Exhibit A 
against a revised proposed form of order incorporating certain comments from the U.S. Trustee.

1  
The Debtors in these chapter 11 cases, along with the last four digits of each Debtor’s U.S. federal tax 
identification number, to the extent applicable, are as follows:  Lugano Diamonds & Jewelry Inc. (6784), Lugano 
Holding, Inc. (9690), Lugano Buyer, Inc.  (4565), K.L.D. Jewelry, LLC (0319), and Lugano Prive, LLC (4308).  
The notice address for the Debtors is 620 Newport Center Dr., Ste 100, Newport Beach, California 92660.

=== page 2 ===
Case 25-12055-BLS    Doc 38    Filed 11/18/25    Page 2 of 113

PLEASE TAKE FURTHER NOTICE that attached hereto as Exhibit 3 is a blackline 
comparing the proposed form of interim order attached to the Motion of Debtors For (A) an Interim 
Order (I) Authorizing the Debtors to Perform Under the Agency Agreement, (II) Approving the 
Sale Guidelines, Dispute Resolution Procedures, Waiver of Various Lease Restrictions, and 
Modifications to the Debtors’ Customer Programs, (III) Scheduling, if Necessary and Prior to Any 
Auction, the Agent Protections Hearing to Consider Entry of the Agent Protections Order 
(1) Approving the Agent Protections, (2) Scheduling, If Necessary, the Auction, and (3) Approving 
(X) the Bidding Procedures, and (Y) The Sale Notice; (IV) Authorizing, If Necessary, the Debtors 
To Execute An Alternative Transaction Agreement, (V) Scheduling A Final Hearing, and 
(VI) Granting Related Relief; and (B) A Final Order (I) Authorizing the Debtors to Assume (1) the 
Agency Agreement, or (2) an Alternative Transaction, (II) Authorizing (1) Agent to Sell the Agency 
Assets Free and Clear of All Liens, Claims, Encumbrances, and Interests, or Authorizing 
(2) Another Successful Bidder to Sell The Assets Free and Clear of All Liens, Claims, 
Encumbrances, and Interests, and (III) Granting Related Relief [Docket No. 13] as Exhibit A 
against a revised proposed form of order incorporating certain comments from the U.S. Trustee.

[Remainder of Page Intentionally Left Blank]

2

=== page 3 ===
Case 25-12055-BLS    Doc 38    Filed 11/18/25    Page 3 of 113

Dated: November 18, 2025 
 
Wilmington, Delaware

YOUNG CONAWAY STARGATT & 
TAYLOR, LLP  
 
/s/ Timothy R. Powell  
  
 
 
Edmon L. Morton (Del. No. 3856) 
Sean M. Beach (Del. No. 4070) 
Timothy R. Powell (Del. No. 6894) 
Benjamin C. Carver (Del. No. 7176) 
Rodney Square 
1000 North King Street 
Wilmington, Delaware 19801 
Telephone:  (302) 571-6600 
Facsimile:  (302) 571-1253 
Email: emorton@ycst.com  
 
sbeach@ycst.com 
 
tpowell@ycst.com 
 
bcarver@ycst.com 
 
 
-and- 
 
 
KELLER BENVENUTTI KIM LLP 
 
Tobias S. Keller (pro hac vice pending) 
Traci L. Shafroth (pro hac vice pending) 
Scott Friedman (pro hac vice pending) 
101 Montgomery Street, Suite 1950 
San Francisco, California 94104 
Telephone:  (415) 496-6723 
Facsimile:   (650) 636-9251 
Email:  tkeller@kbkllp.com 
             tshafroth@kbkllp.com 
             sfriedman@kbkllp.com 
 
Proposed Attorneys for Debtors  
and Debtors-in-Possession

3

=== page 4 ===
Case 25-12055-BLS    Doc 38    Filed 11/18/25    Page 4 of 113

EXHIBIT 1

Utilities Motion Interim Order Blackline

=== page 5 ===
Case 25-12055-BLS    Doc 38    Filed 11/18/25    Page 5 of 113

IN THE UNITED STATES BANKRUPTCY COURT

FOR THE DISTRICT OF DELAWARE

Chapter 11

In re:

Case No. 25-12055 (___BLS)

LUGANO DIAMONDS & JEWELRY INC.,
et al.,1

(Jointly Administered)

Debtors.

Re: Docket No. 6

INTERIM ORDER (A) APPROVING THE DEBTORS’ PROPOSED ADEQUATE

ASSURANCE PROCEDURES WITH RESPECT TO THE DEBTORS’ UTILITY

PROVIDERS, (B) APPROVING THE DEBTORS’ PROPOSED ADEQUATE

ASSURANCE OF PAYMENT FOR FUTURE UTILITY SERVICES,

(C) PROHIBITING UTILITY PROVIDERS FROM ALTERING,

REFUSING, OR DISCONTINUING SERVICES,

AND (D) GRANTING RELATED RELIEF

Upon the motion (the “Motion”)2 of the above-captioned debtors and debtors in

possession (collectively, the “Debtors”) for entry of an interim order (this “Interim Order”): (a)

establishing procedures for addressing any requests that a Utility Provider may make for

additional assurance of payment; (b) prohibiting the Utility Providers from altering, refusing or

discontinuing services to, or discriminating against the Debtors; (c) approving an adequate

assurance deposit as adequate assurance of postpetition payment to the Utility Providers; and (d)

granting related relief; and upon the First Day Declaration; and upon the statements of counsel

made in support of the relief requested in the Motion at the hearing before this Court; and it

appearing that this Court has jurisdiction to consider the Motion pursuant to 28 U.S.C. §§ 157

1
The Debtors in these chapter 11 cases, along with the last four digits of each Debtor’s U.S. federal tax
identification number, to the extent applicable, are as follows: Lugano Diamonds & Jewelry Inc. (6784),
Lugano Holding, Inc. (9690), Lugano Buyer, Inc.  (4565), K.L.D. Jewelry, LLC (0319), and Lugano Prive, LLC
(4308). The notice address for the Debtors is 620 Newport Center Dr., Ste 100, Newport Beach, California
92660.

2
Capitalized terms used but not otherwise defined herein shall have the meanings ascribed to them in the Motion.

=== page 6 ===
Case 25-12055-BLS    Doc 38    Filed 11/18/25    Page 6 of 113

and 1334 and the Amended Standing Order of Reference from the United States District Court

for the District of Delaware dated February 29, 2012; and it appearing that venue of the Chapter

11 Cases and the Motion in this district is proper pursuant to 28 U.S.C. §§ 1408 and 1409; and

this Court having found that this is a core proceeding pursuant to 28 U.S.C. § 157(b)(2) and that

it may enter a final order consistent with Article III of the United States Constitution; and it

appearing that proper and adequate notice of the Motion has been given under the circumstances

and in accordance with the Bankruptcy Rules and Local Rules and that no other or further notice

is necessary; and after due deliberation thereon; and this Court having found that the relief herein

is in the best interests of the Debtors’ estates; and good and sufficient cause appearing therefor:

IT IS HEREBY ORDERED THAT:

1.
The Motion is GRANTED on an interim basis as set forth herein.

2.
Any objections to the entry of this Interim Order, to the extent not withdrawn or

settled, are overruled.

3.
The final hearing (the “Final Hearing”) on the Motion shall be held on

_________, 2025, at__:__ _.m., (prevailing Eastern Time). Any objections or responses to entry

of a final order on the Motion shall be filed on or before 4:00 p.m. (prevailing Eastern Time) on

_________, 2025 and shall be served on: (a) the Debtors, 620 Newport Center Dr., Ste 100,

Newport Beach, California 92660, Attn: J. Michael Issa; (b) proposed counsel to the Debtors,

(i) Keller Benvenutti Kim LLP, Attn: Tobias S. Keller, Esq. (tkeller@kbkllp.com) and Traci L.

Shafroth, Esq. (tshafroth@kbkllp.com); and (ii) Young Conaway Stargatt & Taylor, LLP,

Rodney Square, 1000 North King Street, Wilmington, DE 19801, Attn:  Timothy R. Powell, Esq.

(tpowell@ycst.com) and Benjamin C. Carver, Esq. (bcarver@ycst.com); (c) counsel to Compass

Group Diversified Holdings LLC, the Debtors’ prepetition secured lender and postpetition

2

=== page 7 ===
Case 25-12055-BLS    Doc 38    Filed 11/18/25    Page 7 of 113

secured lender, Squire Batton Boggs (US) LLP, 1000 Key Tower 127 Public Square, Cleveland,

OH 44114, Attn:  Peter Morrison, Esq. (peter.morrison@squirepb.com); (d) the United States

Trustee for the District of Delaware, 844 King Street, Suite 2207, Wilmington, DE 19801,

Attn:  Timothy Fox (timothy.fox@usdoj.gov); and (e) any statutory committee appointed in the

Chapter 11 Cases.

4.
Unless and until this Court orders otherwise, all Utility Providers are prohibited

from altering, refusing, or discontinuing services on account of any unpaid prepetition charges,

the commencement of the Chapter 11 Cases, or any perceived inadequacy of the Proposed

Adequate Assurance. Notwithstanding anything to the contrary in the Motion, the relief granted

by this Interim Order is not with respect to Utility Providers that indirectly supply services

through the Debtors’ landlords. Nothing herein shall impair the rights of any utility provider

under section 366(c)(4) of the Bankruptcy Code.

5.
The following Adequate Assurance Procedures are hereby approved on an

interim basis:

(a)
The Debtors will deposit the Adequate Assurance Deposit in the Adequate
Assurance Account as soon as reasonably practicable after entry of this
Interim Order.
(b)
Each Utility Provider shall be entitled to the funds in the Adequate
Assurance Account in the amount set forth for such Utility Provider in the
column labeled “Proposed Adequate Assurance” on the Utility Providers
List, attached as Exhibit A to the Motion.
(c)
If an amount relating to Utility Services provided postpetition by a Utility
Provider is unpaid, and remains unpaid beyond any applicable grace
period, such Utility Provider may request a disbursement from the
Adequate Assurance Account by giving notice to:  (i) the Debtors, Lugano
Diamonds & Jewelry Inc., 620 Newport Center Dr., Ste 100, Newport
Beach, California 92660 (Attn:  J. Michael Issa (missa@glassratner.com));
(ii) proposed counsel to the Debtors, (a) Keller Benvenutti Kim LLP,
101 Montgomery Street, Suite 1950, San Francisco, California 94104
(Attn:  Tobias S. Keller, Esq. (tkeller@kbkllp.com) and Scott J. Friedman,
Esq. (sfriedman@kbkllp.com)); and (b) Young Conaway Stargatt &
Taylor LLP, Rodney Square, 1000 North King Street, Wilmington,

3

=== page 8 ===
Case 25-12055-BLS    Doc 38    Filed 11/18/25    Page 8 of 113

Delaware 19801 (Attn:  Timothy R. Powell, Esq. (tpowell@ycst.com) and
Benjamin C. Carver, Esq. (bcarver@ycst.com)); (iii) the Office of the
United States Trustee for the District of Delaware, 844 King Street,
Suite 2207, Lockbox 35, Wilmington, Delaware 19801, Attn.: Timothy
Fox (timothy.fox@usdoj.gov); (iv) any statutory committee appointed in
the Chapter 11 Cases; and (v) to the extent not listed herein, those parties
entitled to notice pursuant to Bankruptcy Rule 2002 (collectively,
the “Notice Parties”).
(d)
The Debtors will serve a copy of the Motion and this Interim Order
granting the relief requested herein to each Utility Provider identified on
Exhibit A to the Motion as soon as reasonably practicable after entry of
this Interim Order.
(e)
Any Utility Provider desiring additional assurances of payment in the form
of deposits, prepayments, or otherwise must serve a request for additional
assurance (an “Additional Assurance Request”) on the Notice Parties.
(f)
Any Additional Assurance Request must:  (i) be in writing; (ii) identify the
location for which the Utility Services are provided; (iii) certify the
amount that is equal to one-half the monthly cost of the Utility Services
the Utility Provider supplies to the Debtors, calculated as a historical
average payment for the twelve-month period ending October 2025, or
shorter period, if applicable; (iv) provide evidence that the Debtors have a
direct obligation to the Utility Provider; and (v) explain why the Utility
Provider believes the Proposed Adequate Assurance is not sufficient
adequate assurance of future payment.
(g)
Unless a Utility Provider files and serves an Additional Assurance
Request in accordance with the terms of this Interim Order, the Utility
Provider shall be prohibited from altering, refusing, or discontinuing
Utility Services to, or discriminating against, the Debtors on account of
any unpaid prepetition charges, or requiring additional assurance of
payment other than the Proposed Adequate Assurance.
(h)
Upon the Debtors’ receipt of an Additional Assurance Request, the
Debtors will have 21 days from the receipt of such Additional Assurance
Request (the “Resolution Period”) to negotiate with the Utility Provider to
resolve the Utility Provider’s Additional Assurance Request.  The Debtors
and the Utility Provider may, without notice to any party-in-interest or
further order of this Court, extend the Resolution Period by such
additional period as they shall mutually agree.
(i)
Without further order of this Court, the Debtors may resolve any
Additional Assurance Request by mutual agreement with a Utility
Provider, and the Debtors may, in connection with any such agreement,
provide a Utility Provider with additional adequate assurance of payment,
including, but not limited to, cash deposits, prepayments, or other forms of
security if the Debtors believe that such adequate assurance is reasonable.
(j)
If the Debtors and the Utility Provider are unable to reach a consensual
resolution within the Resolution Period, or if a Utility Provider was
omitted from the Utility Providers List and wishes to dispute that it

4

=== page 9 ===
Case 25-12055-BLS    Doc 38    Filed 11/18/25    Page 9 of 113

received adequate assurance of future payment as required by section 366
of the Bankruptcy Code as provided by this Interim Order, the Debtors or
such Utility Provider may request a hearing before this Court at the next
regularly-scheduled omnibus hearing to determine the adequacy of
assurance of payment (a “Determination Hearing”) pursuant to
section 366(c)(3) of the Bankruptcy Code.
(k)
Pending resolution of such dispute at a Determination Hearing, the
relevant Utility Provider shall be prohibited from altering, refusing, or
discontinuing Utility Services to the Debtors on account of: (i) unpaid
charges for prepetition services; (ii) a pending Additional Assurance
Request; or (iii) any objections filed in response to the Proposed Adequate
Assurance.
(l)
The portion of the Adequate Assurance Deposit attributable to each Utility
Provider (including any additional amount deposited upon request of any
applicable Utility Provider), or any portion thereof, shall revert to the
Debtors less any amounts owed on account of unpaid, postpetition Utility
Services, by no later than five business days following the earlier of the
date upon which (i) the Debtors reconcile and pay the Utility Provider’s
final invoice in accordance with applicable non-bankruptcy law following
the Debtors’ termination of Utility Services from such Utility Provider, or
(ii) the effective date of any chapter 11 plan confirmed in the
Chapter 11 Cases.
6.
The Utility Providers are prohibited from requiring additional adequate assurance

of payment other than pursuant to the Adequate Assurance Procedures.

7.
The Adequate Assurance Deposit in the amount of $11,868.54 shall be placed

into a segregated account, ending in 0527, at U.S. Bank National Association for the benefit of

each Utility Provider. Notwithstanding anything to the contrary in any other order of this Court,

including any order approving the use of cash collateral in the Chapter 11 Cases, the interests of

any party, including but not limited to the Debtors’ prepetition lenders, in, or lien on, the

Adequate Assurance Deposit shall be subordinate to the Utility Providers’ interest in any

Adequate Assurance Deposit until such time as the Adequate Assurance Deposit is returned to

the Debtors or as otherwise ordered by this Court.

8.
The Debtors’ service of the Motion upon the Utility Providers List shall not

constitute an admission or concession that any such entity is a “utility” within the meaning of

5

=== page 10 ===
Case 25-12055-BLS    Doc 38    Filed 11/18/25    Page 10 of 113

section 366 of the Bankruptcy Code, and the Debtors reserve all rights and defenses with respect

thereto.

9.
The Debtors are authorized, but not directed, to add or remove parties from the

Utility Providers List; provided, however, that the Debtors shall provide notice of any such

addition or removal to the Notice Parties; provided, further, that if a Utility Provider is removed

from the Utility Providers List, the Debtors shall provide the applicable Utility Provider with

seven business days’ notice thereof and the opportunity to respond to such removal. To the

extent there is any dispute as to the postpetition amounts owed to a Utility Provider, such Utility

Provider shall not be removed from the Utility Providers List, and no funds shall be removed

from the Adequate Assurance Deposit, until such dispute has been resolved. For any Utility

Provider that is subsequently added to the Utility Providers List, the Debtors shall serve such

Utility Provider a copy of this Interim Order, including the Adequate Assurance Procedures.  The

Debtors may increase the Adequate Assurance Deposit by an amount equal to approximately

one-half of the Debtors’ monthly average cost of services from the subsequently added Utility

Provider.  The terms of this Interim Order and the Adequate Assurance Procedures shall apply to

any subsequently identified Utility Provider to the same extent as if the Utility Provider was

listed on the original Utility Providers List attached hereto.

10.
Pursuant to the Adequate Assurance Procedures, upon the Debtors’ termination of

Utility Services, the Debtors are authorized, in their discretion and without further order of this

Court, to reduce the Adequate Assurance Deposit by an amount not exceeding, for each of the

Utility Services being discontinued, the lesser of (a) one-half of the average monthly cost of

Utility Services previously provided, calculated as a historical average payment for the

twelve-month period ending October 2025, or shorter period, if applicable, to align with the

6

=== page 11 ===
Case 25-12055-BLS    Doc 38    Filed 11/18/25    Page 11 of 113

go-forward average monthly cost of Utility Services, and (b) the amount of the Adequate

Assurance Deposit then attributable to the applicable Utility Provider; provided that for any

Utility Provider for which the Adequate Assurance Deposit is reduced, the Debtors shall have

provided such Utility Provider with seven business days’ notice of such reduction.

11.
AnySubject to further order of this Court, any landlord or third party that pays

directly for Utility Services for the benefit of the Debtors pursuant to a nonresidential real

property lease must continue paying for such Utility Services in the ordinary course of business

and may not cease, reduce, delay, or otherwise interfere with the payment or delivery of such

Utility Services, regardless of any nonpayment, deferral, or waiver of rent, or any defaults with

respect to the applicable lease; provided that a landlord may cease payments on account of

Utility Services following the effective date of the rejection of the applicable lease pursuant to

section 365 of the Bankruptcy Code, if any. Notwithstanding anything to the contrary herein,

nothing in this Interim Order affects the rights and obligations of the Debtors and their applicable

landlords under section 365 of the Bankruptcy Code with respect to nonresidential real property

leases.

12.
The Banks on which checks were drawn or electronic payment requests made in

payment of the prepetition obligations approved herein are authorized to receive, process, honor,

and pay all such checks and electronic payment requests when presented for payment, and all

such Banks are authorized to rely on the Debtors’ designation of any particular check or

electronic payment request as approved by this Interim Order.

13.
Notwithstanding the relief granted in this Interim Order and any actions taken

pursuant to such relief (including any payment made in accordance with this Interim Order),

nothing in this Interim Order is intended as or shall be construed or deemed to be: (a) an

7

=== page 12 ===
Case 25-12055-BLS    Doc 38    Filed 11/18/25    Page 12 of 113

implication or admission as to the amount of, basis for, or validity of any particular claim against

the Debtors under the Bankruptcy Code or other applicable non-bankruptcy law; (b) a waiver of

the Debtors’ or any other party in interest’s rights to dispute any particular claim on any grounds;

(c) a promise or requirement to pay any particular claim; (d) an implication, admission, or

finding that any particular claim is an administrative expense claim, other priority claim, or

otherwise of a type specified or defined in this Interim Order or the Motion or any order granting

the relief requested by the Motion; (e) a request or authorization to assume, adopt, or reject any

agreement, contract, or lease pursuant to section 365 of the Bankruptcy Code; (f) an admission as

to the validity, priority, enforceability, or perfection of any lien on, security interest in, or other

encumbrance on property of the Debtors’ estates; (g) a waiver or limitation of the Debtors’ or

any other party in interest’s claims, causes of action, or other rights under the Bankruptcy Code

or any other applicable law; (h) an approval, assumption, adoption, or rejection of any

agreement, contract, lease, program, or policy under section 365 of the Bankruptcy Code; (i) a

concession by the Debtors that any liens (contractual, common law, statutory, or otherwise) that

may be satisfied pursuant to the relief requested in the Motion are valid, and the rights of all

parties in interest are expressly reserved to contest the extent, validity, or perfection or seek

avoidance of all such liens; (j) a waiver of the obligation of any party in interest to file a proof of

claim; or (k) otherwise affecting the Debtors’ rights under section 365 of the Bankruptcy Code to

assume or reject any executory contract or unexpired lease. Any payment made pursuant to this

Interim Order is not intended and should not be construed as an admission as to the validity,

priority, or amount of any particular claim or a waiver of the Debtors’ or any other party in

interest’s rights to subsequently dispute such claim.

8

=== page 13 ===
Case 25-12055-BLS    Doc 38    Filed 11/18/25    Page 13 of 113

14.
The Debtors are authorized, but not directed, to issue postpetition checks, or to

effect postpetition fund transfer requests, in replacement of any checks or fund transfer requests

that are dishonored as a consequence of the Chapter 11 Cases with respect to prepetition

amounts owed in connection with the relief granted herein.

15.
The Debtors have demonstrated that the requested relief is “needed to avoid

immediate and irreparable harm,” as contemplated by Bankruptcy Rule 6003(a), and the contents

of the Motion satisfy the requirements of Bankruptcy Rule 6003(a).

16.
Nothing in this Interim Order authorizes the Debtors to accelerate any payments

not otherwise due prior to the date of the Final Hearing.

17.
Notice of the Motion as provided therein shall be deemed good and sufficient

notice of the Motion, and such notice satisfies the requirements of Bankruptcy Rule 6004(a) and

the Local Rules.

18.
Notwithstanding Bankruptcy Rule 6004(h), the terms and conditions of this

Interim Order are immediately effective and enforceable upon its entry.

19.
The Debtors are authorized, but not directed, to take all actions necessary to

effectuate the relief granted in this Interim Order in accordance with the Motion.

20.
This Court retains jurisdiction with respect to all matters arising from or related to

the implementation, interpretation, and enforcement of this Interim Order.

9

=== page 14 ===
Case 25-12055-BLS    Doc 38    Filed 11/18/25    Page 14 of 113

EXHIBIT 2

DIP Motion Interim Order Blackline

=== page 15 ===
Case 25-12055-BLS    Doc 38    Filed 11/18/25    Page 15 of 113

IN THE UNITED STATES BANKRUPTCY COURT

FOR THE DISTRICT OF DELAWARE

Chapter 11

In re:

Case No. 25-12055 (___BLS)

LUGANO DIAMONDS & JEWELRY INC.,
et al.,1

(Jointly Administered)

Debtors.

Ref. Docket No. 12

INTERIM ORDER (I) AUTHORIZING THE DEBTORS TO (A) OBTAIN
POSTPETITION FINANCING, AND (B) USE CASH COLLATERAL; (II) GRANTING
LIENS AND PROVIDING SUPERPRIORITY ADMINISTRATIVE EXPENSE CLAIMS;

(III) GRANTING ADEQUATE PROTECTION TO THE PREPETITION LENDER;

(IV) MODIFYING THE AUTOMATIC STAY; (V) SCHEDULING A

FINAL HEARING; AND (VI) GRANTING RELATED RELIEF

Upon the motion (the “Motion”)2 of the above-captioned debtors and debtors in

possession (each, a “Debtor” and collectively, the “Debtors”) in the above-captioned chapter 11

cases (the “Bankruptcy Cases”) for entry of this interim order (this “Interim Order”) and a final

order (the “Final Order,” together with the Interim Order, the “DIP Orders”) pursuant to sections

105, 361, 362, 363, 364, 503, 506, 507 and 552 of title 11 of the United States Code, 11 U.S.C.

§§ 101–1532 (the “Bankruptcy Code”), rules 2002, 4001, 6003, 6004, and 9014 of the Federal

Rules of Bankruptcy Procedure (the “Bankruptcy Rules”), and rules 2002-1, 4001-1, 4001-2, and

9013-1 of the Local Rules of the United States Bankruptcy Court for the District of Delaware

(the “Local Bankruptcy Rules”), seeking, among other things:

1
The Debtors in these chapter 11 cases, along with the last four digits of each Debtor’s U.S. federal tax
identification number, to the extent applicable, are as follows: Lugano Diamonds & Jewelry Inc. (6784),
Lugano Holding, Inc. (9690), Lugano Buyer, Inc. (4565), K.L.D. Jewelry, LLC (0319), and Lugano Prive, LLC
(4308). The notice address for the Debtors is 620 Newport Center Dr., Ste 100, Newport Beach, California
92660.

2
Capitalized terms used herein and not otherwise defined herein shall have the meanings ascribed to such terms
in the Motion, the DIP Credit Agreement (as defined below) or the DIP Term Sheet (as defined below), as
applicable.

33769084.1
33769084.2

=== page 16 ===
Case 25-12055-BLS    Doc 38    Filed 11/18/25    Page 16 of 113

(i)
authorization for Lugano Diamonds & Jewelry, Inc., a California corporation
(“Borrower”), Lugano Buyer, Inc., a Delaware corporation (“Co-Borrower”),
Lugano Holding, Inc., a Delaware corporation (“Parent”), Lugano Prive, LLC
(“Prive”), and K.L.D. Jewelry, LLC (“KLD,” collectively and as applicable,
the “DIP Borrowers”), to obtain postpetition financing in connection with a senior
secured, superpriority, priming debtor-in-possession delayed draw term loan
facility (the “DIP Facility”) subject to the terms and conditions set forth in that
certain Superpriority Secured Debtor-in-Possession Credit Agreement dated as of
[●] (as amended, restated, supplemented, or otherwise modified from time to
time, the “DIP Credit Agreement”),3 by and among the DIP Borrowers and
Compass Group Diversified Holdings LLC, a Delaware limited liability company,
or an affiliate thereof (solely in its capacities as a lender under the DIP Credit
Agreement and party to the DIP Documents, the “DIP Lender”), attached hereto
as Exhibit 1, consisting of:
a.
a senior secured DIP Facility up to an aggregate amount of $12,000,000
denominated in USD, which shall be available (1) following entry of this
Interim Order, as weekly draws, not to exceed $1.5 million in the
aggregate, in accordance with the Approved Budget until entry of the Final
Order (excluding the Roll-Up DIP Loan (as defined below), the “Interim
Draw(s)”), and (2) following the entry of the Final Order, as subsequent
draws in an additional aggregate principal amount not to exceed $12
million less the Interim Draw(s) (each such draw after the Interim
Draw(s), a “Subsequent Draw,” and together with the Interim Draw(s),
collectively the “Draws”) and satisfaction of the other applicable
conditions set forth in the DIP Documents; and
b.
a “roll-up” of Prepetition Obligations (as defined below) held by Compass
Group Diversified Holdings LLC (solely in its capacities as lender under
the Prepetition Credit Agreement and party to the Prepetition Loan
Documents, the “Prepetition Lender”), as further described in the DIP
Term Sheet and DIP Credit Agreement, effective immediately upon entry
of this Interim Order, in an aggregate principal amount equal to
$2,200,000 (the “Roll-Up DIP Loan,” and, together with any Draws
referenced in the immediately preceding subparagraph (a), the “DIP
Loans”), in accordance with the terms and conditions set forth in the DIP
Credit Agreement, and all other terms and conditions of the DIP
Documents.
(ii)
authorization for the Debtors to (a) execute and enter into the DIP Documents;
(b) to perform their respective obligations thereunder; and (c) to take all such
other and further acts as may be necessary, appropriate, or desirable in connection
therewith;

3
The DIP Credit Agreement, together with that certain DIP Term Sheet dated as of November 9, 2025, between
the Parties (the “DIP Term Sheet”), this Interim Order, the Final Order, and all agreements, documents and
instruments delivered or executed in connection therewith, and other security documentation, shall collectively
be referred to as the “DIP Documents.” In the event of any conflict between the DIP Term Sheet and the DIP
Credit Agreement, the DIP Credit Agreement shall control.

33769084.1
33769084.2

2

=== page 17 ===
Case 25-12055-BLS    Doc 38    Filed 11/18/25    Page 17 of 113

(iii)
the granting to the DIP Lender allowed superpriority administrative expense
claims in each of the Debtors’ Bankruptcy Cases and any successor cases,
including any chapter 7 cases, with respect to the DIP Facility and all liabilities,
obligations, and indebtedness due or payable under the DIP Documents and this
Interim Order (collectively, the “DIP Obligations”), subject to the priorities set
forth herein;
(iv)
the granting to the DIP Lender of automatically perfected security interests in, and
liens on, with respect to the DIP Loans (including, for the avoidance of doubt, the
Roll-Up DIP Loan), all of the DIP Collateral (as defined below) to secure the DIP
Loans and the DIP Obligations, subject only to the Carve-Out (as defined below);
(v)
authorization for the Debtors, subject to and pursuant to the terms and conditions
set forth in this Interim Order, to continue to (a) use Cash Collateral (as defined
below) and (b) provide adequate protection to the Prepetition Lender on account
of any Diminution in Value (as defined below) of the Prepetition Collateral (as
defined below), including Cash Collateral, as a consequence of the Debtors’ use,
sale, or lease of the Prepetition Collateral, including any Cash Collateral, the
imposition of the automatic stay pursuant to section 362 of the Bankruptcy Code,
the Debtors’ incurrence of debt under the DIP Documents, and the priming of
certain Prepetition Liens (as defined below) by liens and security interests granted
by the DIP Documents, and any other basis consistent with section 361 of the
Bankruptcy Code;
(vi)
authorization for the Debtors to incur and pay, on the terms set forth herein and in
the DIP Documents, on a final and irrevocable basis, the principal, interest,
premiums, fees, expenses, indemnities, and other amounts payable under this
Interim Order and the DIP Documents as such amounts become earned, due, and
payable and the fees and disbursements of the DIP Lender’s attorneys, advisors,
and other consultants, all and solely to the extent provided in, and in accordance
with this Interim Order and the DIP Documents and without further order of the
Court;
(vii)
the waiver of, subject to the terms of this Interim Order and upon entry of the
Final Order, (a) the Debtors’ and their estates’ right to surcharge against the
Prepetition Collateral pursuant to section 506(c) of the Bankruptcy Code, (ii) the
equitable doctrine of “marshaling” or any other similar doctrine with respect to
any of the DIP Collateral or Prepetition Collateral, and (iii) the “equities of the
case” exception under section 552(b) of the Bankruptcy Code, each effective as of
the Petition Date;
(viii)
authorization for the DIP Lender to exercise remedies under the DIP Documents
on the terms described herein and therein upon the occurrence, and during the
continuation of, an Event of Default (as defined below);
(ix)
modification of the automatic stay imposed by section 362 of the Bankruptcy
Code to the extent necessary to implement and effectuate the terms of this Interim
Order;
(x)
waiver of any applicable stay (including under section 362 of the Bankruptcy
Code and Bankruptcy Rule 6004) and providing for immediate effectiveness of
this Interim Order; and

33769084.1
33769084.2

3

=== page 18 ===
Case 25-12055-BLS    Doc 38    Filed 11/18/25    Page 18 of 113

(xi)
the scheduling of a final hearing (the “Final Hearing”) to consider the relief
requested in the Motion on a final basis and entry of the Final Order, and approval
of the form of notice with respect to the Final Hearing.

This Court having considered the Motion, the exhibits attached thereto, the Declaration

of J. Michael Issa in Support of Chapter 11 Petitions and First Day Motions (the “First Day

Declaration”), the DIP Documents, and the evidence submitted, and arguments of counsel made

at, the interim hearing (the “Interim Hearing”); and notice of the Motion and the Interim Hearing

having been given in accordance with Bankruptcy Rules 2002, 4001(b), (c), and (d), and 9014

and all applicable Local Bankruptcy Rules, and it appearing that no other or further notice is

necessary; and the Interim Hearing having been held and concluded; and all objections and

reservations of rights, if any, to the relief requested in the Motion having been withdrawn,

resolved, or overruled on the merits by this Court; and it appearing that approval of the interim

relief requested in the Motion is necessary to avoid immediate and irreparable harm to the

Debtors and their estates pending the Final Hearing, and otherwise is fair and reasonable and in

the best interests of the Debtors, their estates, and all parties in interest, and is essential for the

continued operation of the Debtors’ businesses and the preservation of the value of the Debtors’

assets; and it appearing that the Debtors’ performance with respect to the DIP Term Sheet, the

DIP Credit Agreement, and entry into the other DIP Documents is a sound and prudent exercise

of the Debtors’ business judgment; and after due deliberation and consideration, and good and

sufficient cause appearing therefor:

BASED UPON THE RECORD ESTABLISHED AT THE INTERIM HEARING,

THIS COURT HEREBY MAKES THE FOLLOWING PRELIMINARY FINDINGS OF

FACT AND CONCLUSIONS OF LAW:4

4
The findings and conclusions set forth herein constitute this Court’s findings of fact and conclusions of law
pursuant to Bankruptcy Rule 7052, made applicable to this proceeding pursuant to Bankruptcy Rule 9014. To
the extent that any of the following findings of fact constitute conclusions of law, they are adopted as such.

33769084.1
33769084.2

4

=== page 19 ===
Case 25-12055-BLS    Doc 38    Filed 11/18/25    Page 19 of 113

A.
Petition Date. On November 16, 2025 (the “Petition Date”), each of the Debtors

filed their voluntary petitions for relief under chapter 11 of the Bankruptcy Code with the United

States Bankruptcy Court for the District of Delaware (this “Court”).

B.
Debtors in Possession. The Debtors are operating their businesses and properties

as debtors in possession pursuant to sections 1107 and 1108 of the Bankruptcy Code. No trustee

or examiner has been appointed in these Bankruptcy Cases.

C.
Jurisdiction and Venue.  This Court has jurisdiction over these Bankruptcy Cases,

the Motion, and the parties and property affected hereby pursuant to 28 U.S.C. §§ 157(b) and

1334. This Court’s consideration of the Motion constitutes a core proceeding pursuant to 28

U.S.C. § 157(b)(2). This Court may enter a final order consistent with Article III of the United

States Constitution.  Venue for the Bankruptcy Cases and the proceeding on the Motion is proper

in this district pursuant to 28 U.S.C. §§ 1408 and 1409.

D.
Committee. As of the date hereof, the United States Trustee for the District of

Delaware (the “U.S. Trustee”) has not yet appointed an official committee of unsecured creditors

pursuant to section 1102 of the Bankruptcy Code (any such committee, the “Committee”).

E.
Notice.  Upon the record presented to this Court at the Interim Hearing, and under

the exigent circumstances set forth therein, notice of the Motion and the relief requested thereby

and granted in this Interim Order has been provided in accordance with Bankruptcy Rules

4001(b), 4001(c)(1), and 4001(d), and Local Bankruptcy Rule 9013-1, which notice was

appropriate under the circumstances and sufficient for the Motion. No other or further notice of

the Motion or entry of this Interim Order is necessary or required.

33769084.1
33769084.2

5

=== page 20 ===
Case 25-12055-BLS    Doc 38    Filed 11/18/25    Page 20 of 113

F.
Prepetition Secured Debt. Subject to the limitations thereon contained in

paragraphs 26 and 27 of this Interim Order, the Debtors represent, admit, stipulate, acknowledge

and agree as follows:

i.
Prepetition Loan Documents.

a.
Prior to the Petition Date, the Prepetition Lender, Borrower and

Co-Borrower were parties to that certain Credit Agreement, dated as of September

3, 2021, as amended by certain amendments, the most recent of which is the

Twenty-Third Amendment to Credit Agreement dated as of October 2, 2025 (and

as may be further amended, supplemented, restated or otherwise modified from

time to time and including all exhibits, attachments and appendices thereto, the

“Prepetition Credit Agreement,” and the related facility, the “Prepetition

Facility”).

b.
Prior to the Petition Date, the Prepetition Lender, Borrower,

Co-Borrower, and Parent were parties to that certain Guarantee and Collateral

Agreement, dated as of September 3, 2021 (the “Guarantee Agreement”),

pursuant to which, among other things, (a) Parent guaranteed the obligations of

Borrower and Co-Borrower under the Prepetition Credit Agreement; and

(b) Borrower, Co-Borrower, and Parent granted the Prepetition Lender a security

interest in substantially all of the property of Borrower, Co-Borrower, and Parent.

Prive and KLD (collectively with Borrower, Co-Borrower, Parent, and Prive, the

“Prepetition Obligors”) were added by joinder to the Guarantee Agreement

(together, the “Joinders”) to jointly and severally guarantee to the Prepetition

Lender the prompt and complete payment and performance by Borrower and

33769084.1
33769084.2

6

=== page 21 ===
Case 25-12055-BLS    Doc 38    Filed 11/18/25    Page 21 of 113

Co-Borrower when due of Borrower’s and Co-Borrower’s liabilities,

indebtedness, and obligations (whether monetary or otherwise) owed to the

Prepetition Lender.

c.
Prior to the Petition Date, the Prepetition Obligors and Prepetition

Lender executed that certain Forbearance Agreement dated as of August 29, 2025,

as amended by certain amendments, the most recent of which is the Third

Amendment to Forbearance Agreement dated as of October 10, 2025 (collectively

with the Prepetition Credit Agreement, Guarantee Agreement, Joinders, and any

related documents, agreements, or instruments, the “Prepetition Loan

Documents”), whereby the Prepetition Lender agreed to temporarily forbear from

exercising remedies against the Prepetition Obligors on account of their various

defaults under the Prepetition Credit Agreement and the Prepetition Obligors

executed a confession of judgment confessing that the Prepetition Obligors owed

the Prepetition Lender $701,317,337.03 pursuant to the Prepetition Credit

Agreement and related promissory note and loan documents.

d.
As of the Petition Date, the Prepetition Obligors were jointly and

severally indebted and liable, without defense, counterclaim, or offset of any kind

to the Prepetition Lender with respect to the Prepetition Loan Documents in the

aggregate principal amount of not less than $718,222,591.91, plus accrued and

unpaid interest thereon and all other fees (including attorneys’ fees), costs,

expenses, indemnification obligations, reimbursement obligations, charges,

premiums, additional interest, and any other obligations thereunder (the

“Prepetition Obligations”). The Prepetition Obligations constitute legal, valid,

33769084.1
33769084.2

7

=== page 22 ===
Case 25-12055-BLS    Doc 38    Filed 11/18/25    Page 22 of 113

binding, and non-avoidable obligations against each of the Prepetition Obligors

and are not subject to any avoidance, recharacterization, effect, counterclaim,

defense, offset, recoupment, subordination, other claim, cause of action, or other

challenge of any kind under the Bankruptcy Code, under applicable

non-bankruptcy law, or otherwise. No payments or transfers made to or for the

benefit of (or obligations incurred to or for the benefit of) the Prepetition Lender

by or on behalf of any of the Debtors prior to the Petition Date under or in

connection with the Prepetition Loan Documents are subject to avoidance,

recharacterization, effect, counterclaim, defense, offset, subordination, other

claim, cause of action, or other challenge of any kind or nature under the

Bankruptcy Code, under applicable non-bankruptcy law or otherwise.

e.
The Prepetition Obligations are secured by valid, binding,

perfected, and enforceable liens on and security interests in (the “Prepetition

Liens”) the enumerated property and assets of the Prepetition Obligors under the

Prepetition Loan Documents (all such property and assets in their capacity as

security for the Prepetition Obligations, the “Prepetition Collateral”). As of the

Petition Date: (A) the Prepetition Liens were valid, binding, enforceable,

non-avoidable, and properly perfected and were granted to, or for the benefit of,

the Prepetition Lender for fair consideration and reasonably equivalent value; (B)

the Prepetition Liens were senior in priority over any and all other liens on the

Prepetition Collateral other than any lien over the assets of the Debtors senior by

operation of law or otherwise expressly permitted to be senior by the Prepetition

Loan Documents; (C) no offsets, recoupments, challenges, objections, defenses,

33769084.1
33769084.2

8

=== page 23 ===
Case 25-12055-BLS    Doc 38    Filed 11/18/25    Page 23 of 113

claims, or counterclaims of any kind or nature to any of the Prepetition Liens or

Prepetition Obligations exist, and no portion of the Prepetition Liens or

Prepetition Obligations is subject to any challenge or defense, including

avoidance, disallowance, disgorgement, recharacterization, or subordination

(equitable or otherwise) pursuant to the Bankruptcy Code or applicable

non-bankruptcy law; (D) the Debtors and their estates have no claims, objections,

challenges, causes of action, or choses in action (including claims and causes of

action under sections 502(d), 544, 545, 547, 548, and 550 of the Bankruptcy

Code, or any other avoidance actions under the Bankruptcy Code), whether

pursuant to federal law or applicable state law or applicable state law equivalents,

or actions for recovery or disgorgement, against the Prepetition Lender or any of

their respective affiliates, agents, attorneys, advisors, professionals, officers,

directors, and employees arising out of, based upon, or with respect to the

Prepetition Loan Documents and the Prepetition Obligations; and (E) the Debtors

waive, discharge, and release any right to challenge or seek to recharacterize or

subordinate any of the Prepetition Obligations, the priority of the applicable

Debtors’ obligations thereunder, and the validity, perfection, extent, and priority

of the Prepetition Liens securing the Prepetition Obligations.

ii.
Cash Collateral. The Debtors’ cash, including cash and other amounts on

deposit or maintained in any account or accounts by the Debtors, existing as of the

Petition Date, and any amounts generated by the collection of accounts receivable or

other disposition of the Prepetition Collateral, existing as of the Petition Date, and the

proceeds of any of the foregoing, wherever located, is the Prepetition Lender’s cash

33769084.1
33769084.2

9

=== page 24 ===
Case 25-12055-BLS    Doc 38    Filed 11/18/25    Page 24 of 113

collateral within the meaning of section 363(a) of the Bankruptcy Code (the “Cash

Collateral”).

iii.
No Control. As of the Petition Date, the Prepetition Lender did not and

does not control the Debtors or their properties or operations or have authority to

determine the manner in which any Debtor’s operations are conducted; provided,

however, that Compass Group Diversified Holdings LLC does not dispute that it owns a

direct or indirect controlling interest in each of the Debtors.

G.
Findings Regarding the DIP Facility and Use of Cash Collateral.

i.
Good and sufficient cause has been shown for the entry of this Interim

Order and for authorizing the Debtors to obtain financing pursuant to the DIP Term Sheet

and DIP Credit Agreement, to use the Cash Collateral, and to authorize the provision of

adequate protection as a proper exercise of the Debtors’ business judgment and to avoid

immediate and irreparable loss or damage to the Debtors and the estates.

ii.
As set forth in the Motion and the First Day Declaration, the Debtors have

an ongoing and immediate need to continue to use Cash Collateral and to obtain credit

pursuant to the DIP Facility: (A) for working capital and general corporate purposes, and

(B) to fund (1) the administration of the Bankruptcy Cases, (2) the sales of the Debtors’

assets, including the consummation of the Sales Plan (as defined below) and the chapter

11 plan process, (3) the Carve-Out and the Fee Escrow Accounts (as defined below), and

(4) the payments due to Agent (as defined below) under the Agency Agreement (as

defined below), all in strict accordance with the Approved Budget (as defined below) or

as otherwise approved by the DIP Lender in writing in its sole discretion. The Debtors

will not have sufficient sources of working capital to operate their businesses in the

33769084.1
33769084.2

10

=== page 25 ===
Case 25-12055-BLS    Doc 38    Filed 11/18/25    Page 25 of 113

ordinary course of business during these Bankruptcy Cases without the use of Cash

Collateral and the extension of the DIP Facility. Absent granting the relief set forth in

this Interim Order, the Debtors’ estates and their businesses will be irreparably harmed.

iii.
As set forth in the Motion and the First Day Declaration, the Debtors are

unable to obtain postpetition financing or other financial accommodations on more

favorable terms under the circumstances from sources other than the DIP Lender pursuant

to the terms and provisions of the DIP Term Sheet, the DIP Credit Agreement, and the

other DIP Documents, and are unable to obtain satisfactory unsecured credit allowable

under section 503(b)(1) of the Bankruptcy Code. The Debtors are also unable to obtain

secured credit with liens equal or junior to existing liens allowable under sections

364(c)(2) or 364(c)(3) of the Bankruptcy Code and, therefore, must grant, for the benefit

of the DIP Lender, liens that are priming or pari passu to the Prepetition Liens under

section 364(d)(1) of the Bankruptcy Code and a DIP Superpriority Claim (as defined

below) on the terms and conditions set forth in this Interim Order and the DIP

Documents. The Roll-Up DIP Loan, as provided for under the DIP Facility and pursuant

to this Interim Order and the Final Order, is appropriate because the DIP Lender is not

willing to provide the DIP Facility or extend postpetition credit to the Debtors thereunder

without the inclusion of the Roll-Up DIP Loan within the DIP Facility.

iv.
Based upon the Motion, the First Day Declaration and the record

presented to the Court at the Interim Hearing, the terms of the DIP Term Sheet, the DIP

Credit Agreement, and the other DIP Documents, and the terms of the adequate

protection granted to the Prepetition Lender as provided in this Interim Order, are fair and

reasonable under the circumstances, reflect the Debtors’ exercise of prudent business

33769084.1
33769084.2

11

=== page 26 ===
Case 25-12055-BLS    Doc 38    Filed 11/18/25    Page 26 of 113

judgment consistent with the Debtors’ fiduciary duties, and provide the Debtors

reasonably equivalent value and fair consideration.

v.
The Prepetition Lender has not objected to entry of this Interim Order, the

Debtors’ entry into the DIP Facility, including the granting of priming liens and claims in

connection therewith and the continued use of Cash Collateral, and has consented to such

relief only on the terms and conditions set forth in this Interim Order.

vi.
The DIP Facility and the use of Prepetition Collateral (including Cash

Collateral) to, among other things, fund the administration of the Bankruptcy Cases and

for working capital and general corporate purposes, and the incurrence and payment of

any Adequate Protection Obligations pursuant to this Interim Order, the DIP Term Sheet,

the DIP Credit Agreement, and the other DIP Documents, have been negotiated in good

faith and at arm’s-length among the Debtors and the DIP Lender, and all of the Debtors’

obligations and indebtedness arising under, in respect of, or in connection with the DIP

Facility, the DIP Term Sheet, the DIP Credit Agreement, and the other DIP Documents,

including, without limitation, all loans made to, and guarantees issued by, the Debtors

pursuant to the DIP Term Sheet, the DIP Credit Agreement, and the other DIP

Documents, and any DIP Obligations, shall be deemed to have been extended by the DIP

Lender in good faith, as that term is used in section 364(e) of the Bankruptcy Code, and

in express reliance upon the protections offered by section 364(e) of the Bankruptcy

Code, and the DIP Lender (and its successors and assigns) shall be entitled to the full

protection of section 364(e) of the Bankruptcy Code in the event that this Interim Order

or any provision hereof is reversed or modified on appeal.

33769084.1
33769084.2

12

=== page 27 ===
Case 25-12055-BLS    Doc 38    Filed 11/18/25    Page 27 of 113

H.
Sections 506(c) and 552(b). Subject to entry of the Final Order, and to the extent

provided therein, the Debtors and the DIP Lender have agreed, as a condition to the DIP Lender

extending postpetition financing to the Debtors under the DIP Facility, a material inducement to

the DIP Lender to agree to provide the DIP Loans and enter into the DIP Facility, and in

exchange for (a) the DIP Lender’s willingness to provide the DIP Facility to the extent set forth

herein, (b) the DIP Lender’s agreement to subordinate its DIP Liens and superpriority claims

granted hereunder to the Carve-Out, and (c) the consensual use of Cash Collateral consistent

with the Approved Budget and the terms of this Interim Order, the DIP Lender and Prepetition

Lender have negotiated for, and the Debtors intend to seek, (1) a waiver of any equities of the

case exceptions or claims under section 552(b) and a waiver of unjust enrichment and similar

equitable relief as set forth below, and (b) a waiver of the provisions of section 506(c) of the

Bankruptcy Code subject to the terms hereof.

I.
Immediate Entry. Good and sufficient cause exists for immediate entry of this

Interim Order pursuant to Bankruptcy Rules 4001(b)(2) and (c)(2). Consummation of the DIP

Facility and the use of Cash Collateral in accordance with this Interim Order, the DIP Term

Sheet, the DIP Credit Agreement, and the other DIP Documents is in the best interests of the

Debtors’ estates and consistent with the Debtors’ exercise of their fiduciary duties. There is an

immediate need for the relief provided herein and, accordingly, it is necessary to waive the

14-day stay of certain orders otherwise provided in the Bankruptcy Rules.

Based upon the foregoing findings and conclusions, the Motion and the record before this

Court with respect to the Motion, and after due consideration, and good and sufficient cause

appearing therefor,

33769084.1
33769084.2

13

=== page 28 ===
Case 25-12055-BLS    Doc 38    Filed 11/18/25    Page 28 of 113

IT IS HEREBY ORDERED THAT:

1.
Motion Granted. The Motion is granted on an interim basis to the extent set forth

herein. The Debtors are authorized to borrow from the DIP Facility on an interim basis, subject

to the terms of this Interim Order. The use of Cash Collateral on an interim basis is authorized,

subject to the terms of this Interim Order.

2.
Objections Overruled. Any and all objections to this Interim Order, to the extent

not withdrawn, waived, settled, or otherwise resolved, and all reservations of rights included

therein, are hereby overruled on the merits. This Interim Order shall become effective

immediately upon its entry.

3.
Authorization of the DIP Facility and the DIP Documents.

(a)
The Debtors are hereby expressly authorized and directed to execute, enter

into and perform all obligations under the DIP Term Sheet, the DIP Credit Agreement, and the

other DIP Documents.

(b)
The DIP Lender’s obligations to make any Draws under the DIP Loans,

whether pursuant to the Interim Draw(s) or Subsequent Draws, shall be expressly subject to the

DIP Lender’s receipt of a certificate signed by the Debtors’ CEO, CFO or CRO confirming that

the following conditions precedent are satisfied: (i) there shall exist no Default or Event of

Default under and defined in the DIP Credit Agreement; (ii) the representations and warranties of

the Debtors therein shall be true and correct in all material respects (except with respect to

representations and warranties that include materiality qualifiers, which representations and

warranties will be true and correct in all respects) immediately prior to, and after giving effect to,

such funding; (iii) the making of such Draw shall not violate any requirement of law and shall

not be enjoined, temporarily, preliminarily, or permanently; (iv) the Debtors shall be in

33769084.1
33769084.2

14

=== page 29 ===
Case 25-12055-BLS    Doc 38    Filed 11/18/25    Page 29 of 113

compliance with the Approved Budget (subject to Permitted Variances (as defined below)) in all

respects; (v) this Interim Order (unless superseded by the Final Order) shall be in full force and

effect and shall not have been vacated, reversed, modified, amended, or stayed in any respect

without the prior written consent of the DIP Lender and the Debtors unless superseded by the

Final Order; (vi) the Debtors’ cash balance, after giving pro forma effect to the request, does not

exceed the amount of cash required to adhere to the Approved Budget for the following two

weeks; and (vii) the amount of such Draw will be reflected in any then Approved Budget.

(c)
Upon the first business day following entry of this Interim Order, the

Debtors are immediately authorized, subject to the terms and conditions of this Interim Order,

the DIP Term Sheet, the DIP Credit Agreement, and the other DIP Documents, to borrow the

Interim Draw(s) under the DIP Loans and to incur and pay the principal, interest, premium, fees,

expenses and other amounts provided for in the DIP Term Sheet, DIP Credit Agreement, the

other DIP Documents, and this Interim Order, pursuant to the terms and provisions thereof,

subject to any limitations on availability or borrowing under the DIP Term Sheet, the DIP Credit

Agreement, the other DIP Documents, and this Interim Order, which borrowings shall be used

for all purposes as permitted under the DIP Term Sheet, the DIP Credit Agreement, the other

DIP Documents, and this Interim Order (including pursuant to the Approved Budget).

(d)
In furtherance of the foregoing, and without further approval of this Court,

the Debtors are authorized to perform all acts, to make, execute, and deliver all instruments,

certificates, agreements, and documents (including, without limitation, the execution or

recordation of pledge and security agreements, financing statements, and other similar

documents) and to pay all fees, expenses, and other amounts authorized by the DIP Term Sheet,

the DIP Credit Agreement, the other DIP Documents, and this Interim Order, appropriate or

33769084.1
33769084.2

15

=== page 30 ===
Case 25-12055-BLS    Doc 38    Filed 11/18/25    Page 30 of 113

desirable for the Debtors’ performance of their obligations under or related to the DIP Facility,

including, without limitation:

(i)
the execution and delivery of, and performance under, each of the

DIP Term Sheet, the DIP Credit Agreement, and the other DIP Documents and any collateral

documents contemplated thereby;

(ii)
the granting of all liens and claims with respect to, and the making

of any payments in respect of, the Adequate Protection Obligations to the extent provided for in

this Interim Order; and

(iii)
the performance of all other acts necessary, appropriate, or

desirable under, or in connection with, the DIP Term Sheet and the other DIP Documents.

4.
DIP Obligations. Upon execution and delivery of the DIP Documents, the DIP

Documents shall constitute legal, valid, binding, and non-avoidable obligations of the Debtors,

enforceable in accordance with the terms of this Interim Order, the DIP Term Sheet, the DIP

Credit Agreement, and the other DIP Documents, against the Debtors and their estates and any

successors thereto, including any trustee appointed in the Bankruptcy Cases, or in any case under

chapter 7 of the Bankruptcy Code upon the conversion of any of the Bankruptcy Cases, or in any

other proceedings superseding or related to any of the foregoing. The DIP Obligations shall be

due and payable, without notice or demand, and the use of Cash Collateral shall cease on the

Maturity Date (as defined below) or the occurrence of any event or condition set forth in

paragraph 18 of this Interim Order; provided, however, that the Debtors may utilize Cash

Collateral in amounts not to exceed the Approved Budget pending a hearing, if any, on the

Debtors’ challenge to the occurrence of any event or condition set forth in paragraph 18 of this

Interim Order. Except as permitted by this Interim Order, no authorized obligation, payment,

33769084.1
33769084.2

16

=== page 31 ===
Case 25-12055-BLS    Doc 38    Filed 11/18/25    Page 31 of 113

transfer, or grant of security hereunder or under the DIP Term Sheet, the DIP Credit Agreement,

or the other DIP Documents to the DIP Lender shall be stayed, restrained, voidable, avoidable, or

recoverable, under the Bankruptcy Code or under applicable law (including, without limitation,

under sections 502(d), 544, and 547 to 550 of the Bankruptcy Code, or under any applicable state

Uniform Voidable Transactions Act, Uniform Fraudulent Transfer Act, Uniform Fraudulent

Conveyance Act, or similar statute or common law), or subject to any defense, avoidance,

reduction, setoff, recoupment, offset, recharacterization, subordination (whether equitable,

contractual, or otherwise), disallowance, impairment, claim, counterclaim, cross-claim, or

challenge, whether under the Bankruptcy Code or any other applicable law or regulation by any

person or entity for any reason.

5.
DIP Liens. Subject and subordinate only to the Carve-Out and to the exceptions

set forth in the DIP Documents, and exclusive of the Retained Actions (defined below) and

proceeds thereof, effective and automatically perfected upon entry of this Interim Order, the DIP

Obligations shall be secured by valid, binding, continuing, enforceable, fully-perfected,

non-avoidable, automatically and properly perfected liens on, and security interests in (such liens

and security interests granted with respect to the DIP Facility and the DIP Loans thereunder,

collectively, the “DIP Lien”) (a) all assets (whether tangible, intangible, real, personal, or mixed)

of the Debtors (and their bankruptcy estates) of any nature whatsoever and wherever located,

whether first arising prior to or following the Petition Date (including the Prepetition Collateral),

now owned or hereafter acquired, including all accounts, chattel paper, claims and causes of

action, deposit accounts, documents, equipment, general intangibles, goods (including fixtures),

instruments, inventory, investment property, money, cash, cash equivalents, and all deposit

accounts, securities accounts, commodities accounts, and lockboxes, together with all money,

33769084.1
33769084.2

17

=== page 32 ===
Case 25-12055-BLS    Doc 38    Filed 11/18/25    Page 32 of 113

cash, securities, and other investment property on deposit from time to time therein, letters of

credit, letter-of-credit rights, and other supporting obligations, real property, books and records,

and to the extent not otherwise included, all substitutions, replacements, accessions, products,

and other proceeds and products (whether tangible or intangible and including, without

limitation, insurance proceeds (including all proceeds from any directors’/officers’ liability

insurance policies payable directly to such officers and directors), licenses, royalties, income,

payments, claims, damages, and proceeds of suit) of any and all of the foregoing, and all

collateral security and guarantees given by any person with respect to any of the foregoing, the

right, title, or interest in any capital stock, investment property, partnership, membership, or

other equity or similar interests in any entity (whether or not such entity is a Debtor), including

all capital stock, securities accounts, investment property, partnership, and membership, other

equity or similar interests (and including all rights, beneficial interests, causes of action, and

choses of action related thereto) of the Debtors, whether existing as of the Petition Date or after

acquired, including, upon entry of the Final Order (x) the proceeds or property recovered,

whether by judgment, settlement, or otherwise, unencumbered or otherwise, of any claims and

causes of action under sections 502(d), 544, 545, 547, 548, 549, 550, 551, or 553(b) of the

Bankruptcy Code (“Avoidance Actions”), (y) the proceeds of property recovered, whether by

judgment, settlement, or otherwise from all claims and causes of action under section 549 of the

Bankruptcy Code to recover any postpetition transfer of DIP Collateral, and (z) all amounts

recovered by the Debtors’ estates under section 506(c) of the Bankruptcy Code ((x) through (z),

the “Recovery Actions,” and the proceeds of property recovered, whether by judgment,

settlement, or otherwise from Recovery Actions (“Recovery Action Proceeds”)); and (b) all

Prepetition Collateral (all such property, excluding the Encumbered Collateral (as defined

33769084.1
33769084.2

18

=== page 33 ===
Case 25-12055-BLS    Doc 38    Filed 11/18/25    Page 33 of 113

below), the Retained Actions, and proceeds from the Retained Actions, collectively, the “DIP

Collateral”). Notwithstanding anything in this Interim Order to the contrary, the DIP Collateral

shall exclude, and the Debtors shall retain for the benefit of their estates, any claims or cause of

action (whether at law, in equity, or otherwise) against (i) Compass Group Diversified Holdings

LLC, solely in its capacities as shareholder, officer, director, manager under the Management

Agreement, or controlling person of the Debtors; and (ii) any corporate affiliate(s) of Compass

Group Diversified Holdings LLC to the extent such affiliate(s) were or acted as shareholders,

officers, directors, managers under the Management Agreement, or controlling persons of the

Debtors (collectively “Retained Actions”). For the avoidance of doubt, the DIP Collateral shall

also exclude any Additional Agent Goods Proceeds (as defined in the Agency Agreement) held

in the Designated Deposit Accounts, if any, prior to the daily transfer of such funds into accounts

of the Agent as provided in the Agency Agreement. Notwithstanding anything to the contrary

herein, the DIP Collateral shall also exclude (1) any nonresidential real property leases of the

Debtors (but shall include any proceeds from the sale or other disposition of such leases) and no

liens granted pursuant to this Interim Order shall attach to the Debtors’ leasehold interests, (2)

any security deposits (in possession of the landlord) or the Debtors’ interests, if any, in any

pre-paid rent, unless liens on such security deposits or pre-paid rent are expressly permitted

pursuant to the underlying lease documents; or (3) any insurance proceeds that are paid for

damage to a landlord’s property in accordance with the terms of the underlying leases. Subject

only to the Carve-Out, and exclusive of the Retained Actions and proceeds thereof, the DIP

Liens will otherwise have the following priorities:

(a)
First Priority Liens on Unencumbered Collateral. Pursuant to section

364(c)(2) of the Bankruptcy Code, a valid, binding, continuing, enforceable, fully-perfected,

33769084.1
33769084.2

19

=== page 34 ===
Case 25-12055-BLS    Doc 38    Filed 11/18/25    Page 34 of 113

first-priority senior security interest in and lien upon all of the DIP Collateral, including, without

limitation, all prepetition and postpetition property of the Debtors, whether existing on the

Petition Date or thereafter acquired, that, on or as of the Petition Date, is not subject to

Prepetition Liens or any other valid, perfected, and unavoidable lien that was in existence

immediately prior to the Petition Date (or perfected after the Petition Date to the extent permitted

by section 546(b) of the Bankruptcy Code) including, upon entry of this Interim Order and the

Final Order, the Recovery Action Proceeds (collectively, the “364(c)(2) Collateral”).

(b)
Junior Liens on Encumbered Property. Pursuant to section 364(c)(3) of

the Bankruptcy Code, a valid, binding, continuing, enforceable, fully-perfected, junior security

interest in and lien on and security interest in all of the Debtors’ property, wherever located, that

is subject to a valid, perfected, and unavoidable lien in favor of third parties that were in

existence immediately prior to the Petition Date (collectively, the “Encumbered Collateral”).

(c)
Priming Liens on Prepetition Collateral and Encumbered Collateral.

Pursuant to section 364(d)(1) of the Bankruptcy Code, a valid, binding, continuing, enforceable,

fully perfected, first-priority priming security interest and lien (the “Priming Liens”) on all

Prepetition Collateral that is not 364(c)(2) Collateral or Encumbered Collateral. The Priming

Liens shall prime and be senior in all respects to the liens and security interests in such property

of the Prepetition Lenders with respect to the Prepetition Loan Documents.

(d)
No Senior Liens. Except to the extent permitted hereunder, the DIP Liens

shall not be made subject or subordinate to or made pari passu with (i) any lien or security

interest that is avoided and preserved for the benefit of the Debtors or their estates under section

551 of the Bankruptcy Code, (ii) any liens or security interests granted in favor of any federal,

state, municipal, or other governmental unit (including any regulatory body), commission, board,

33769084.1
33769084.2

20

=== page 35 ===
Case 25-12055-BLS    Doc 38    Filed 11/18/25    Page 35 of 113

or court for any liability of the DIP Lender, (iii) any intercompany or affiliate claim, lien, or

security interest of the DIP Lender or its affiliates, or (iv) any other lien, security interest, or

claim arising under section 363 or 364 of the Bankruptcy Code granted on or after the entry of

this Interim Order.

(e)
Agency Agreement. Pursuant to that certain Agency Agreement, dated as

of November 16, 2025 (the “Agency Agreement”) executed by and between Borrower and

Enhanced Retail Funding, LLC (“Agent”), Borrower shall establish depository accounts

designated solely for the deposit of Proceeds, Additional Agent Goods Proceeds, other amounts

contemplated by the Agency Agreement (as each term is defined in the Agency Agreement) and

the disbursement of amounts payable to or by Agent (such accounts, the “Designated Deposit

Accounts”). Agent shall have authority to sweep amounts on deposit in the Designated Deposit

Accounts on a daily basis. Upon transfer of amounts in the Designated Deposit Accounts to

accounts maintained by Agent in accordance with the Agency Agreement, title to such funds

shall automatically transfer to the Sale Agent, subject solely to Agent’s obligations to make

required payments to the Borrower or the DIP Lender under the Agency Agreement.

Notwithstanding anything to the contrary in this order or the Agency Agreement, Agent shall not

be entitled to or granted any lien on or security interest in any of the Debtors’ assets, including

the DIP Collateral, Prepetition Collateral, or the Retained Actions.

6.
DIP Superpriority Claims. Subject only to the Carve-Out, pursuant to section

364(c)(1) of the Bankruptcy Code, all of the DIP Obligations shall constitute allowed

superpriority administrative expense claims against the Debtors on a joint and several basis

(without the need to file any proof of claim) with priority over any and all claims against the

Debtors, now existing or hereafter arising, of any kind whatsoever, including, without limitation,

33769084.1
33769084.2

21

=== page 36 ===
Case 25-12055-BLS    Doc 38    Filed 11/18/25    Page 36 of 113

all administrative expenses of the kind specified in sections 503(b) and 507(b) of the Bankruptcy

Code and any and all administrative expenses or other claims (“Administrative Expense

Claims”) arising under or ordered pursuant to sections 105, 326, 327, 328, 330, 331, 365, 503(b),

506(c) (subject to entry of the Final Order to the extent set forth therein), 507(a), 507(b), 726,

1113, or 1114 of the Bankruptcy Code (including the Adequate Protection Obligations (as

defined below)), whether or not such expenses or claims may become secured by a judgment lien

or other non-consensual lien, levy, or attachment, which allowed claims (the “DIP Superpriority

Claims”) shall, for purposes of section 1129(a)(9)(A) of the Bankruptcy Code, be considered

administrative expenses allowed under section 503(b) of the Bankruptcy Code, and which DIP

Superpriority Claims shall be payable from, and have recourse to, all of the DIP Collateral and

all proceeds thereof in accordance with the DIP Term Sheet, the DIP Credit Agreement, the other

DIP Documents, and this Interim Order, subject only to payment in full of the Carve-Out. The

DIP Superpriority Claims shall be entitled to the full protection of section 364(e) of the

Bankruptcy Code if this Interim Order or any provision hereof is reversed or modified on appeal.

Notwithstanding the foregoing, the DIP Superpriority Claims shall not be payable from the

proceeds of any of the Retained Actions.

33769084.1
33769084.2

22

=== page 37 ===
Case 25-12055-BLS    Doc 38    Filed 11/18/25    Page 37 of 113

7.
Approved Budget Compliance and Reporting.

(a)
Attached to this Interim Order as Exhibit 2 is a minimum 13-week cash

flow forecast beginning the week in which the Petition Date occurs, in form and substance

acceptable to the DIP Lender, setting forth, among other things, the Debtors’ cash, revenue, cash

flow, and net operating cash flow, trade payables, ordinary course expenses, total expenses,

capital expenditures (if applicable), vendor disbursements, working capital, Consulting Fees (as

defined in the Agency Agreement) and expenses due to Agent under the Agency Agreement, and

fees and expenses of the DIP Facility and the Bankruptcy Cases (including categories for each

professional for the Debtors, including Agent, Special Committee, and Committee) during such

minimum 13-week period that the Debtors are authorized to use proceeds of the DIP Loan (each

budget, an “Approved Budget”). The Approved Budget shall be revised on a four-week cycle

(i.e., every four weeks a new minimum 13-week cash flow forecast will be delivered to the DIP

Lender), unless otherwise required under the DIP Credit Agreement, and shall be subject to the

advance written approval of the DIP Lender.

(b)
Any amendments, supplements, or modifications to the Approved Budget

or Budget Variance Report (as defined below) shall be subject to the prior written approval of the

DIP Lender (email being sufficient), in its sole discretion, prior to the implementation thereof.

(c)
The Debtors shall at all times comply with the Approved Budget, subject

to the Permitted Variances.  Commencing on the fourth Friday following the entry of this Interim

Order (or the successive business day if such Friday is not a business day) and continuing every

week thereafter (by 12:00 p.m. (prevailing Eastern Time) on each such applicable Friday (or the

successive business day if such Friday is not a business day)), the Debtors shall deliver by email

to the DIP Lender a variance report (each, a “Budget Variance Report”) for the immediately

33769084.1
33769084.2

23

=== page 38 ===
Case 25-12055-BLS    Doc 38    Filed 11/18/25    Page 38 of 113

preceding four-week period then ended (the “Variance Period”) setting forth the difference

between, on a line-by-line and aggregate basis, (i) actual operating disbursements, non-operating

activities, and first day motion relief and budgeted operating disbursements, non-operating

activities, and first day motion relief, (ii) actual operating receipts and budgeted operating

receipts, and (iii) actual professional fees and budgeted professional fees and describing in

adequate detail all material variances for such Variance Period. The actual variances for each

Variance Period (excluding, for purposes of determining Approved Budget compliance and

calculation of the Permitted Variance (as defined below), fees for Debtors’ Professionals, Special

Committee’s Professionals, and Committee Professionals (if any) (each as defined below),

Lender’s Professional Fees (as defined below), Consulting Fees (as defined in the Agency

Agreement) and expenses of Agent, and interest and fees under the DIP Credit Agreement) shall

not reflect (a) total receipts of less than 75% of projected receipts for the Variance Period or (b)

more than 110% of projected total payments for the Variance Period (the “Permitted Variance”);

provided that a breach of the Permitted Variance shall not constitute an Event of Default, so long

as the Debtors’ ending cash is within $200,000 of the ending cash indicated at the end of the

Variance Period.

(d)
Except as otherwise agreed to by the DIP Lender, the Debtors’ use of the

proceeds of the DIP Loans and Cash Collateral shall only be permitted pursuant to the terms of,

and in accordance with, the Approved Budget, subject to the Permitted Variances. The DIP

Lender and Prepetition Lender shall have no obligation with respect to the Debtors’ use of the

proceeds of the DIP Loans and Cash Collateral, and shall not be obligated to ensure or monitor

the Debtors’ compliance with the Approved Budget or to pay (directly or indirectly from the DIP

Loans or Cash Collateral) any expenses incurred or authorized to be incurred pursuant to the

33769084.1
33769084.2

24

=== page 39 ===
Case 25-12055-BLS    Doc 38    Filed 11/18/25    Page 39 of 113

Approved Budget. The consent of the DIP Lender and Prepetition Lender to the use of DIP

Loans or Cash Collateral pursuant to this Interim Order and the DIP Documents shall not be

construed as consent to the use of any DIP Loans or Cash Collateral after the occurrence of an

Event of Default (other than funding the Carve-Out as set forth herein or otherwise provided in

this Interim Order), regardless of whether the aggregate funds shown on the Approved Budget

have been expended. The Debtors shall provide the DIP Lender with all reporting and other

information required to be provided to the DIP Lender under the DIP Term Sheet, the DIP Credit

Agreement, and the other DIP Documents. In addition to, and without limiting, whatever rights

to access the DIP Lender or the Prepetition Lender have under the DIP Term Sheet, the DIP

Credit Agreement, the other DIP Documents, or the Prepetition Facility, upon reasonable notice,

at reasonable times during normal business hours, the Debtors (or any successor thereto,

including, but not limited to, a chapter 11 or chapter 7 trustee) shall permit representatives,

advisors, agents, and employees of the DIP Lender or the Prepetition Lender to: (i) have access

to and inspect the Debtors’ books and records; and (ii) discuss the Debtors’ affairs, financings,

and conditions with the Debtors’ attorneys, financial advisors and employees (the “Access

Rights”) and the Debtors (or any successor thereto, including, but not limited to, a chapter 11 or

chapter 7 trustee) shall cooperate with such Access Rights; provided, however, that neither the

DIP Lender nor the Prepetition Lender shall have any rights to access materials created or

maintained by, or any work product of, the Special Committee.

33769084.1
33769084.2

25

=== page 40 ===
Case 25-12055-BLS    Doc 38    Filed 11/18/25    Page 40 of 113

8.
Carve-Out.

33769084.1
33769084.2

26

=== page 41 ===
Case 25-12055-BLS    Doc 38    Filed 11/18/25    Page 41 of 113

(a)
Carve-Out.  As used in this Interim Order, the “Carve-Out” means the sum

of (i) all fees required to be paid to the Clerk of the Court and to the Office of the United States

Trustee under section 1930(a) of title 28 of the United States Code plus interest at the statutory

rate (without regard to the notice set forth in (iii) below); (ii) all reasonable fees and expenses up

to $10,000 incurred by a trustee under section 726(b) of the Bankruptcy Code (without regard to

the notice set forth in (iii) below); (iii) to the extent allowed by the Court, all unpaid fees and

expenses incurred at any time by persons or firms retained or to be retained, pursuant to sections

327, 328, or 363 of the Bankruptcy Code, by (x) the Debtors (the “Debtors’ Professionals”) or

(y) the Special Committee (as defined below) (the “Special Committee’s Professionals”) and

such fees and expenses of the Debtors’ Professionals and Special Committee Professionals, the

“Allowed Debtor Professional Fees,” which amounts are limited to those contained in the

Approved Budgets and incurred at any time before or on the first business day following delivery

by the DIP Lender of a Carve-Out Trigger Notice (as defined below) whether allowed by the

Court prior to or after delivery of a Carve-Out Trigger Notice; (iv) to the extent allowed by the

Court, all unpaid fees and expenses incurred at any time by persons or firms retained or to be

retained, pursuant to sections 327, 328, or 1103 of the Bankruptcy Code, by the Committee (the

“Committee Professionals”) and such fees and expenses of the Committee Professionals, the

“Allowed Committee Professional Fees” (together with the Allowed Debtor Professional Fees,

the “Allowed Professional Fees”), which amounts are limited to those contained in the Approved

Budgets and incurred at any time before or on the first business day following delivery by the

DIP Lender of a Carve-Out Trigger Notice (as defined below) whether allowed by the Court

prior to or after delivery of a Carve-Out Trigger Notice; (v) Allowed Debtor Professional Fees

incurred after the first business day following delivery by the DIP Lender of the Carve-Out

33769084.1
33769084.2

27

=== page 42 ===
Case 25-12055-BLS    Doc 38    Filed 11/18/25    Page 42 of 113

Trigger Notice, to the extent allowed at any time, whether by interim order, procedural order, or

otherwise in an aggregate amount of $100,000; (vi) Allowed Committee Professional Fees

incurred after the first business day following delivery by DIP Lender of the Carve-Out Trigger

Notice, to the extent allowed at any time, whether by interim order, procedural order, or

otherwise in an aggregate amount of $25,000 (the amounts set forth in clauses ((v) and (vi) being

the “Post Carve-Out Trigger Notice Cap”); and (vii) to the extent the Agency Agreement is

approved by the Court pursuant an interim order, all unpaid fees and expenses, due at any time

to Agent under the Agency Agreement, including the Agency Protections (as defined in the

Agency Agreement), whether incurred prior to or after delivery of a Carve-Out Trigger Notice

(the “Agent Fees”). For purposes of the foregoing, “Carve Out Trigger Notice” shall mean a

written notice delivered by email (or other electronic means) by the DIP Lender to the Debtors

(with the Debtors to promptly provide a copy of such notice to counsel to the Committee (if any)

and the U.S. Trustee) (collectively, the “Notice Parties”), which notice may be delivered

following the occurrence of an Event of Default, stating that the Post-Carve-Out Trigger Notice

Cap has been invoked.

(b)
No Direct Obligation to Pay Allowed Professional Fees. Neither the DIP

Lender nor the Prepetition Lender shall be responsible for the payment or reimbursement of any

fees or disbursements of any Debtors’ Professionals, Special Committee’s Professionals,

Committee Professionals, or Agent (collectively, and including any other professional for a

statutory or court-appointed group or individual, including a trustee or examiner, in the

Bankruptcy Cases, collectively, the “Professionals”) incurred in connection with the Bankruptcy

Cases or any successor cases under any chapter of the Bankruptcy Code. Nothing in this Interim

Order or otherwise shall be construed to obligate the DIP Lender, in any way, to pay

33769084.1
33769084.2

28

=== page 43 ===
Case 25-12055-BLS    Doc 38    Filed 11/18/25    Page 43 of 113

compensation to, or to reimburse expenses of, any Professional or to guarantee that the Debtors

have sufficient funds to pay such compensation or reimbursement.

(c)
Fee Escrow Accounts. Subject to paragraph 3(b) of this Interim Order, on

the first Friday following entry of this Interim Order, and thereafter every Friday prior to the

Maturity Date , the DIP Lender shall deposit into three (3) separate escrow accounts the

following: (i) the aggregate amount of the fees and disbursements allocated to the Debtors’

Professionals and the Special Committee’s Professionals for the week immediately following the

deposit date beginning on Monday, as set forth in the Approved Budget (the “Debtors’ Fee

Escrow Account”); (ii) the aggregate amount of the fees and disbursements allocated to the

Committee’s Professionals for the week immediately following the deposit date beginning on

Monday as set forth in the Approved Budget (the “Committee Fee Escrow Account”); and (iii)

the aggregate amount of any Consulting Fees (as defined in the Agency Agreement) and

expenses due to Agent under the Agency Agreement for the week immediately following the

deposit date beginning on Monday as set forth in the Approved Budget (the “Agent Fee Escrow

Account” and together with the Debtors’ Fee Escrow Account and the Committee Fee Escrow

Account, the “Fee Escrow Accounts”).  None of the Fee Escrow Accounts shall be subject to any

liens or claims of the DIP Lender or the Prepetition Lender, including any liens or claims under

the DIP Order, the Prepetition Loan Documents, the DIP Documents, or the DIP Facility, up to

and including the Allowed Debtor Professional Fees, the Allowed Committee Professional Fees,

and amount of the Agent Fees contained in the Approved Budgets , respectively; provided,

however, the DIP Liens, DIP Superpriority Claims, and all other claims of the DIP Lender under

this Interim Order shall attach to amounts in the applicable Fee Escrow Accounts that, as

applicable, (i) exceed the amounts set forth in the Approved Budget, (ii) after orders with respect

33769084.1
33769084.2

29

=== page 44 ===
Case 25-12055-BLS    Doc 38    Filed 11/18/25    Page 44 of 113

to final fee applications become final and non-appealable, are otherwise not used or ordered to

be used to pay the Allowed Debtor Professional Fees or the Allowed Committee Professional

Fees (as applicable), or (iii) with respect to amounts in the Agent Fee Escrow Account, after the

conclusion of the Final Reconciliation (as defined in the Agency Agreement) are not used or

necessary to pay amounts outstanding to Agent under the Agency Agreement. The Debtors

Professionals’ fees and expenses shall be paid from the Debtors’ Fee Escrow Account and the

Committee Professionals’ fees and expenses shall be paid from the Committee Fee Escrow

Account as provided for by an order of the Court. The Agent Fees shall be paid from the Agent

Fee Escrow Account to the extent permitted under the Agency Agreement and any Court order

approving such agreement. Upon the Maturity Date and subject to the Carve-Out, the Debtors

shall pay the DIP Lender, without further order from the Court, any excess amounts remaining in

(x) the Debtors’ Fee Escrow Account and/or the Committee Fee Escrow Account that (i) exceed

the amounts set forth in the Approved Budget or (ii) after orders with respect to final fee

applications become final and non-appealable, are otherwise not used or ordered to be used to

pay the Allowed Debtor Professional Fees or the Allowed Committee Professional Fees, and (y)

the Agent Fee Escrow Account that after the conclusion of the Final Reconciliation (as defined

in the Agency Agreement) are not used or necessary to pay amounts outstanding to Agent under

the Agency Agreement.

9.
Limitation on Charging Expenses against Collateral. Upon entry of the Final

Order to the extent provided therein, in light of the agreement of the DIP Lender and Prepetition

Lender to (a) provide the DIP Loans, (b) allow the Debtors to use Cash Collateral as provided for

herein, and (c) allow for the Carve-Out and the funding of the Fee Escrow Accounts, no costs or

expenses of administration of these Bankruptcy Cases or future proceeding that may result

33769084.1
33769084.2

30

=== page 45 ===
Case 25-12055-BLS    Doc 38    Filed 11/18/25    Page 45 of 113

therefrom, including liquidation in bankruptcy or other proceedings under the Bankruptcy Code,

shall be charged against or recovered from the Prepetition Collateral or the DIP Collateral

pursuant to section 506(c) of the Bankruptcy Code or any similar principle of law, without the

prior written consent of the DIP Lender, and no consent shall be implied from any other action,

inaction, or acquiescence by the DIP Lender, and nothing contained in this Interim Order shall be

deemed to be a consent by the DIP Lender to any charge, lien, assessment, or claims against the

DIP Collateral under section 506(c) of the Bankruptcy Code or otherwise.

10.
No Marshaling/Application of Proceeds. Upon entry of the Final Order, the DIP

Lender and Prepetition Lender shall be entitled to apply the payments or proceeds of the DIP

Collateral and the Prepetition Collateral in accordance with the provisions of the Final Order and

in no event shall the DIP Lender and Prepetition Lender be subject to the equitable doctrine of

“marshaling” or any other similar doctrine with respect to any of the DIP Collateral or

Prepetition Collateral, as applicable, provided that Recovery Action Proceeds may only be

applied in satisfaction of the DIP Obligations or the Prepetition Obligations after the DIP Lender

and the Prepetition Lender have exhausted all other sources of recovery for repayment of such

claims.

11.
Equities of the Case. Upon entry of the Final Order and to the extent provided

therein, in light of, among other things, the agreement of the DIP Lender and Prepetition Lender

to provide the DIP Loans and allow the Debtors to use Cash Collateral on the terms set forth

herein, (a) the DIP Lender and Prepetition Lender shall be entitled to the rights and benefits of

section 552(b) of the Bankruptcy Code, if any, and (b) in no event shall the “equities of the case”

exception in section 552(b) of the Bankruptcy Code apply to any person asserting a prepetition

33769084.1
33769084.2

31

=== page 46 ===
Case 25-12055-BLS    Doc 38    Filed 11/18/25    Page 46 of 113

lien on property of the estates under section 541 of the Bankruptcy Code with respect to

proceeds, products, offspring, or profits of such property.

12.
Payments Free and Clear. Subject and subordinate to the Carve-Out and subject

to paragraph 27 of this Interim Order and the provisions of this Interim Order relating to

Retained Actions, any and all authorized payments or authorized proceeds remitted to the DIP

Lender and the Prepetition Lender pursuant to the provisions of this Interim Order, the DIP Term

Sheet, the DIP Credit Agreement, and any other DIP Document or any subsequent order of this

Court shall be irrevocable, received free and clear of any claim, charge, assessment, or other

liability, including, without limitation, and upon entry of the Final Order to the extent provided

therein, any claim or charge arising out of or based on, directly or indirectly, sections 506(c) or

552(b) of the Bankruptcy Code, whether asserted or assessed by, through, or on behalf of the

Debtors.

13.
Use of Cash Collateral. The Debtors are hereby authorized to use all Cash

Collateral solely in accordance with this Interim Order, the DIP Term Sheet, the DIP Credit

Agreement, and the other DIP Documents, to the extent set forth in the Approved Budget,

including, without limitation, to make payments on account of the Adequate Protection

Obligations and other obligations provided for in this Interim Order, the DIP Term Sheet, the

DIP Credit Agreement, and the other DIP Documents. Except as authorized pursuant to (a) the

Approved Budget, (b) the terms and conditions of this Interim Order, (c) an order of the Court, or

(d) as otherwise agreed to by the DIP Lender, prior to payment in full in cash of the DIP

Obligations and termination of the DIP Facility, the Debtors shall be prohibited from at any time

using the Cash Collateral.

33769084.1
33769084.2

32

=== page 47 ===
Case 25-12055-BLS    Doc 38    Filed 11/18/25    Page 47 of 113

14.
Adequate Protection for the Prepetition Lender. Subject and subordinate only to

the Carve-Out, the DIP Liens on the DIP Collateral, DIP Superpriority Claims, and the terms of

this Interim Order, and excluding the Retained Actions and proceeds thereof, pursuant to

sections 361, 363(e), and 364 of the Bankruptcy Code, as adequate protection of the Prepetition

Lender’s interests in the Prepetition Collateral (including Cash Collateral), for any postpetition

diminution in value of such interests (such diminution, exclusive of any diminution arising as a

result of the Roll-Up DIP Loan, a “Diminution in Value”) resulting from the incurrence of

additional debt and the imposition of the Priming Liens on the Prepetition Collateral, the

Carve-Out, the imposition of the automatic stay, the sale, lease, or use of the Prepetition

Collateral (including Cash Collateral), or any other reason for which adequate protection may be

granted under the Bankruptcy Code, the Prepetition Lender is hereby granted the following

(collectively, the “Adequate Protection Obligations”), and the adequate protection will otherwise

include:

(a)
Adequate Protection Liens. As security for and solely to the extent of any

Diminution in Value, (i) continued valid, binding, enforceable, and perfected additional and

replacement mortgages, pledges, liens, and security interests in all DIP Collateral and the

proceeds, rents, products, and profits therefrom, whether acquired or arising before or after the

Petition Date, to the same extent, priority, and validity that existed as of the Petition Date (the

“Rollover Liens”), and (ii) subject to entry of the Final Order, valid, perfected, and enforceable

continuing supplemental lien on, and security interest in, all of the assets of the Debtors

(excluding the Retained Actions and any proceeds therefrom) of any kind or nature whatsoever

within the meaning of section 541 of the Bankruptcy Code, whether acquired or arising before or

after the Petition Date, and the proceeds, rents, products, and profits therefrom, inclusive of the

33769084.1
33769084.2

33

=== page 48 ===
Case 25-12055-BLS    Doc 38    Filed 11/18/25    Page 48 of 113

Avoidance Actions and any proceeds therefrom (the “Supplemental Liens,” together with the

Rollover Liens, the “Adequate Protection Liens”), without the necessity of the execution by the

Debtors (or recordation or other filing) of security agreements, control agreements, pledge

agreements, financing statements, intellectual property filings, mortgages, deeds of trust, notices

of lien, or other similar instruments or documents. The Adequate Protection Liens shall be (i)

subject and subordinate to the Carve-Out and the DIP Liens on the DIP Collateral, and (ii) senior

to any and all other liens and security interests in the DIP Collateral.

(b)
Prepetition Superpriority Claims. As additional adequate protection for

any Diminution in Value, and to the extent provided by sections 503(b) and 507(b) of the

Bankruptcy Code, an allowed superpriority administrative expense claim in the Bankruptcy

Cases of each of the Debtors and payable from the proceeds of all assets of the Debtors’ estates

except any proceeds of the Retained Actions (the “Prepetition Superpriority Claims”). The

Prepetition Superpriority Claims shall have priority over any and all other unpaid administrative

expenses now existing or hereafter arising, of any kind whatsoever, of the kind specified in

sections 503(b) and 507(b) of the Bankruptcy Code, and over any and all administrative expenses

or other claims arising under sections 105, 326, 328, 330, 331, 503(b), 506(c), 507(a), 507(b),

546, 726, 1113 or 1114 of the Bankruptcy Code, and shall at all times be senior to the rights of

the Debtors, any successor trustee, or any creditor in the Bankruptcy Cases or any subsequent

proceedings under the Bankruptcy Code, whether or not such expenses or claims may become

secured by a judgment lien or other nonconsensual lien, levy, or attachment; provided, however,

the Prepetition Superpriority Claims shall be subject to the DIP Liens on the DIP Collateral, DIP

Superpriority Claims, and the Carve-Out.

33769084.1
33769084.2

34

=== page 49 ===
Case 25-12055-BLS    Doc 38    Filed 11/18/25    Page 49 of 113

(c)
Fees and Expenses. As additional adequate protection, on the Maturity

Date (or a date otherwise mutually agreeable to the Debtors and the DIP Lender), and in no event

prior to the date provided for below with regard to the Fee Objection Period (or any objection to

such fees and expenses), the Debtors are authorized and directed to pay, without further Court

order, the reasonable and documented fees and expenses (the “Adequate Protection Fees”),

whether incurred before or after the Petition Date, of the Prepetition Lender, to the extent set

forth in the DIP Term Sheet, the other DIP Documents, and this Interim Order. The Adequate

Protection Fees shall include, without limitation, the reasonable documented fees, costs, and

expenses of (i) Squire Patton Boggs (US) LLP, as counsel to the DIP Lender and Prepetition

Lender, (ii) Polsinelli PC, as Delaware counsel to the DIP Lender and Prepetition Lender, and

(iii) Ankura Consulting Group, LLC, as financial advisors to the DIP Lender and Prepetition

Lender (collectively, the “Lender’s Professionals”); provided, however, that any time prior the

Maturity Date that such professionals seek the payment of fees and expenses from the Debtors,

each professional shall provide a summary invoice (which shall not be required to contain time

entries and which may be redacted or modified to the extent necessary to delete any information

subject to the attorney-client privilege, any information constituting attorney work product, or

any other confidential information, and the provision of such invoices shall not constitute any

waiver of the attorney client privilege or of any benefits of the attorney work product doctrine) to

counsel to the Debtors, the U.S. Trustee, and counsel to any Committee (collectively, the “Fee

Notice Parties”). If no objection to payment of the requested Adequate Protection Fees is made,

in writing, by any of the Fee Notice Parties within ten (10) business days after delivery of such

invoices (the “Fee Objection Period”), then such invoice shall be promptly paid by the Debtors

on the Maturity Date (or a date otherwise mutually agreeable to the Debtors and the DIP Lender),

33769084.1
33769084.2

35

=== page 50 ===
Case 25-12055-BLS    Doc 38    Filed 11/18/25    Page 50 of 113

without further order of, or application to, this Court or notice to any other party, and, in any

case, within five (5) business days following the expiration of the Fee Objection Period. For the

avoidance of doubt, the provisions of such invoices shall not constitute a waiver of

attorney-client privilege or any benefits of the attorney work product doctrine. If, within the Fee

Objection Period, a Fee Notice Party sends to the affected professional a written objection to

such invoice, then only the disputed portion of such Adequate Protection Fees shall not be paid

as set forth above until the objection is resolved by the applicable parties in good faith or, if no

resolution can be achieved after good faith discussions, by order of this Court, and any

undisputed portion shall be paid as soon as reasonably practicable and, in any case, within five

(5) business days following the expiration of the Fee Objection Period and shall not be subject to

any further review, challenge, or disgorgement. Subject to the terms hereof, the Debtors are

authorized, without further notice or hearing, to pay all reasonable and documented fees, costs,

and out-of-pocket expenses of the Prepetition Lender. Subject to paragraph 27 of this Interim

Order, any and all fees, costs, and expenses paid prior to the Petition Date by any of the Debtors

to the DIP Lender (solely in its capacity as DIP Lender and in no other capacity) are hereby

approved in full and shall not be subject to recharacterization, avoidance, subordination,

disgorgement, or any similar form of recovery by the Debtors or any other person.

(d)
Intercompany Liens.
All intercompany liens of the Debtors and their

affiliates, if any, are hereby subordinated to the DIP Liens and the Adequate Protection Liens.

33769084.1
33769084.2

36

=== page 51 ===
Case 25-12055-BLS    Doc 38    Filed 11/18/25    Page 51 of 113

15.
Perfection of DIP Liens and Adequate Protection Liens.

33769084.1
33769084.2

37

=== page 52 ===
Case 25-12055-BLS    Doc 38    Filed 11/18/25    Page 52 of 113

(a)
The DIP Lender and Prepetition Lender is hereby authorized, but not

required, without any action by any other person, to file or record (and to execute in the name of

the Debtors, as their true and lawful attorneys, with full power of substitution, to the maximum

extent permitted by law) security agreements, pledge agreements, financing statements,

intellectual property filings, deeds of trust, mortgages, depository account control agreements,

notices of lien, or similar instruments in any jurisdiction, or take possession of or control over

cash or securities, equity certificates or promissory notes, or take any other action in order to

validate and perfect the DIP Liens and the Adequate Protection Liens. Whether or not the DIP

Lender and/or Prepetition Lender shall, in its discretion, choose to file such security agreements,

pledge agreements, financing statements, intellectual property filings, deeds of trust, mortgages,

depository account control agreements, notices of lien, or similar instruments or documents, or

take possession of or control over cash or securities, equity certificates or promissory notes, or

otherwise confirm perfection of the liens and security interests granted to them hereunder, such

DIP Liens and Adequate Protection Liens shall be deemed valid, automatically perfected,

allowed, enforceable, non-avoidable and effective by operation of law, and not subject to

challenge, dispute, or subordination (subject to the priorities set forth in this Interim Order), at

the time and on the date of the entry of this Interim Order, in any jurisdiction (domestic and

foreign), without the need of any further action of any kind. This Interim Order shall be

sufficient and conclusive evidence of the creation, validity, automatic perfection, and priority of

all liens granted herein, including the DIP Liens and the Adequate Protection Liens, without the

necessity of filing or recording any security agreements, pledge agreements, financing statement,

intellectual property filing, deed of trust, mortgage, depository account control agreement, notice

of lien, or other instrument or document which my otherwise be required under the law of any

33769084.1
33769084.2

38

=== page 53 ===
Case 25-12055-BLS    Doc 38    Filed 11/18/25    Page 53 of 113

jurisdiction or the taking of any other action to create, attach, validate or perfect the DIP Liens

and the Adequate Protection Liens or to entitle the DIP Liens and the Adequate Protection Liens

to the priorities granted herein. Upon the request of DIP Lender and/or Prepetition Lender, as

applicable, the Debtors, without any further consent of any party, is authorized to, and shall, take,

execute, deliver, and file such instruments to enable the DIP Lender and/or Prepetition Lender,

as applicable, to further validate, perfect, preserve, and enforce the DIP Liens and Adequate

Protection Liens, respectively, at the Debtors’ sole cost and expense.  All such documents will be

deemed to have been recorded and filed as of the Petition Date.

(b)
A copy of this Interim Order may, in the discretion of the DIP Lender or

Prepetition Lender, as applicable, be filed with or recorded in filing or recording offices in

addition to, or in lieu of, such security agreements, pledge agreements, financing statements,

intellectual property filings, mortgages, depository account control agreement, deeds of trust,

notices of lien, or similar instruments, and all filing offices in all jurisdictions (domestic and

foreign) are hereby authorized to accept such certified copy of this Interim Order for filing and/or

recording, as applicable. The automatic stay of section 362(a) of the Bankruptcy Code shall be

modified to the extent necessary to permit the DIP Lender and/or Prepetition Lender to take all

actions, as applicable, in this subparagraph (b) and the immediately preceding subparagraph (a).

(c) Subject to entry of the Final Order, and to the extent provided therein, any

provision of any lease or other license, contract, or other agreement that requires (i) the consent

or approval of one or more landlords or other parties or (ii) the payment of any fees or

obligations in order for any Debtor to pledge, grant, sell, assign, or otherwise transfer any the

Debtors’ interests in any lease, license, or other agreement, or the proceeds thereof, or other

collateral related thereto, in connection with the granting of the DIP Liens and the Adequate

33769084.1
33769084.2

39

=== page 54 ===
Case 25-12055-BLS    Doc 38    Filed 11/18/25    Page 54 of 113

Protection Liens, is hereby deemed to be inconsistent with the applicable provisions of the

Bankruptcy Code. Thereupon, any such provision shall have no force and effect with respect to

the granting of the DIP Liens and the Adequate Protection Liens on the Debtors’ interests in any

lease, license, or other agreement, or the proceeds of any assignment and/or sale thereof by any

Debtor in accordance with the terms of the DIP Term Sheet, the other DIP Documents, or this

Interim Order.

16.
Section 507(b) Reservation. Nothing herein shall impair or modify the

application of section 507(b) of the Bankruptcy Code in the event the Adequate Protection

Obligations provided to the Prepetition Lender are insufficient to compensate for any Diminution

in Value of their interests in the Prepetition Collateral during the Bankruptcy Cases. Nothing

contained herein shall be deemed a finding by the Court, or an acknowledgment by the

Prepetition Lender, that the adequate protection granted herein does in fact adequately protect

against any Diminution in Value of the Prepetition Lender’s interests in the Prepetition Collateral

(including the Cash Collateral).

33769084.1
33769084.2

40

=== page 55 ===
Case 25-12055-BLS    Doc 38    Filed 11/18/25    Page 55 of 113

17.
DIP Facility Maturity Date.

(a)
The term of the DIP Loan shall commence upon the entry of this Interim

Order through the earliest of the foregoing to occur (the “Maturity Date”): (i) May 31, 2026,

which date may be extended at the sole discretion of the DIP Lender; (ii) an Event of Default;

(iii) ten (10) calendar days after the occurrence of the effective date of any chapter 11 plan

acceptable to DIP Lender in its sole discretion (an “Acceptable Plan”); (iv) the failure of the

Final Order to be entered within thirty (30) calendar days after the filing of the Motion (unless

otherwise agreed in writing by the DIP Lender in its sole discretion); and (v) the closing of the

sale(s) of substantially all of the Debtors’ assets.

(b)
Upon the Maturity Date, (i) all the DIP Lender’s commitments under the

DIP Term Sheet, DIP Credit Agreement, other DIP Documents, and this Interim Order shall

terminate and be of no further force or effect upon the Maturity Date, and no further amounts of

the DIP Loans shall be available to be drawn under the DIP Facility; and (ii) the Prepetition

Lender’s consent to the use of Cash Collateral shall terminate.

18.
Events of Default and Remedies.

(a)
As used herein, an “Event of Default” shall mean the occurrence of any of

the following events, unless waived in writing by the DIP Lender, in the DIP Lender’s sole

discretion:

(i)
Failure of the Debtors to make payments on any of the DIP

Obligations, including Mandatory Prepayments, as and when due;

(ii)
Failure of the Debtors to pay all of their undisputed administrative

expenses in full in accordance with and subject to the terms as provided for in the Approved

Budget and such failure shall not have been remedied or waived within five (5) calendar days

33769084.1
33769084.2

41

=== page 56 ===
Case 25-12055-BLS    Doc 38    Filed 11/18/25    Page 56 of 113

after the earlier of (A) the date upon which an authorized agent of the Debtors had knowledge of

such default and (B) the date upon which notice thereof is given to the Debtors by the DIP

Lender;

(iii)
Failure of the Debtors to pay any of the undisputed Adequate

Protection Fees or Lender’s Professional Fees when due;

(iv)
Failure of the Debtors to perform or comply with any of their

affirmative or negative covenants in the DIP Credit Agreement, this Interim Order, or the Final

Order;

(v)
Any representation, warranty, certification or other statement made

or deemed made by the Debtors in the DIP Credit Agreement or in any statement or certificate at

any time given by the Debtors in writing, pursuant hereto or thereto or in connection herewith or

therewith shall be false in any material respect as of the date made or deemed made;

(vi)
This Interim Order or Final Order becomes stayed, reversed,

vacated, amended or otherwise modified in any respect without the prior written consent of the

DIP Lender, except by the Final Order;

(vii)
The Debtors shall default in the performance of or compliance with

any term contained in the DIP Credit Agreement, this Interim Order, or the Final Order;

(viii)
The entry of an order dismissing any Bankruptcy Case or

converting any Bankruptcy Case to a case under chapter 7 of the Bankruptcy Code, or the

Debtors file, without the prior written consent of the DIP Lender, a motion or other pleading

seeking entry of such an order or supports or fails to timely oppose such dismissal or conversion;

(ix)
A trustee, responsible officer, or an examiner having expanded

powers under section 1104 of the Bankruptcy Code (other than (A) a fee examiner or (B) for

33769084.1
33769084.2

42

=== page 57 ===
Case 25-12055-BLS    Doc 38    Filed 11/18/25    Page 57 of 113

purposes of an investigation pursuant to sections 1106(a)(3) and (4) of the Bankruptcy Code) is

appointed or elected in the Bankruptcy Cases, or the Debtors apply for, consent to, support,

acquiesce in, or fail to timely oppose, any such appointment, or the Bankruptcy Court shall have

entered an order providing for such appointment, in each case without the prior written consent

of the DIP Lender in the DIP Lender’s sole discretion;

(x)
The Debtors take any action to, or fail to take all reasonable

actions necessary to oppose any action by any other person (including, but not limited to, (A)

challenging the standing of such party to bring any such action, (B) filing pleadings, providing

evidentiary support, and appearing in court to support and present the same in opposition of such

party’s action, and (C) timely prosecuting all available appeals of any order or decision

authorizing such party’s actions or approving relief granted to such party or timely opposing all

appeals (or attempts to appeal) of decisions denying standing or relief to such party), in each

case, except as expressly permitted hereunder and in the DIP Orders, (i) impair any of the

material rights and remedies of the DIP Lender under the DIP Credit Agreement, or (ii) avoid,

subordinate, disallow, or require disgorgement by the DIP Lender or the Prepetition Lender of

any amount received in respect of the DIP Obligations, the Adequate Protection Obligations, or

under this Interim Order or the Final Order;

(xi)
At any time after the execution and delivery thereof, (A) the DIP

Credit Agreement ceases to be in full force and effect (other than by reason of a release of DIP

Collateral in satisfaction in full of the DIP Obligations in accordance with the terms hereof) or

shall be declared null and void, or the DIP Lender shall not have or shall cease to have a valid

and perfected first priority DIP Liens, subject only to the Carve-Out, in any material portion of

DIP Collateral purported to be covered by the DIP Credit Agreement or (B) the Debtors shall

33769084.1
33769084.2

43

=== page 58 ===
Case 25-12055-BLS    Doc 38    Filed 11/18/25    Page 58 of 113

contest the validity or enforceability of the DIP Credit Agreement, other DIP Documents, or the

Prepetition Loan Documents in writing or deny in writing that it has any liability under the DIP

Credit Agreement, other DIP Documents, or the Prepetition Loan Documents;

(xii)
At any time after the execution and delivery thereof, the DIP Liens

created by the DIP Credit Agreement shall not constitute a valid and perfected first priority lien

on the DIP Collateral intended to be covered thereby (to the extent perfection by filing,

registration, recordation or possession is required herein or therein) in favor of the DIP Lender,

free and clear of all other liens (other than the Carve-Out and liens permitted by the DIP Credit

Agreement), or, except for expiration in accordance with its terms, the DIP Credit Agreement

shall for whatever reason be terminated or cease to be in full force and effect, or the

enforceability thereof shall be contested by the Debtors;

(xiii)
Any super-priority administrative expense claim or lien (other than

the Carve-Out) that is pari passu with or senior to the DIP Superpriority Claims, Prepetition

Superpriority Claims, DIP Liens, Adequate Protection Liens, Prepetition Liens, and/or claims of

the DIP Lender in connection with the DIP Loans shall have arisen or been authorized or

allowed;

(xiv)
Any judicial process, condemnation, or forfeiture proceedings is

brought against any material item or portion of the DIP Collateral or any rights therein shall be

subject to such judicial process, condemnation, or forfeiture proceedings and such judicial

process, condemnation, or foreclosure proceeding is not stayed within five (5) business days, or

any order is entered adversely affecting the DIP Lender’s rights with respect to any material item

or portion of the DIP Collateral;

33769084.1
33769084.2

44

=== page 59 ===
Case 25-12055-BLS    Doc 38    Filed 11/18/25    Page 59 of 113

(xv)
The filing of a motion, pleading, or proceeding by the Debtors

which could reasonably be expected to result in a material impairment of the rights or interests of

the DIP Lender under the DIP Credit Agreement or any DIP Orders or a determination by a court

with respect to a motion, pleading, or proceeding brought by another party which results in such

a material impairment;

(xvi)
The Debtors seek entry of an order seeking confirmation of a

Chapter 11 plan other than an Acceptable Plan;

(xvii) The failure of the Debtors to comply with any of the Milestones (as

defined below);

(xviii) The Debtors make any payments of principal or interest or

otherwise on account of any prepetition claims other than payments authorized by the Approved

Budget and/or the Court in respect of “first day orders” or other orders entered upon pleadings in

form and substance reasonably satisfactory to the DIP Lender;

(xix)
The Court shall enter an order or orders granting relief from the

automatic stay applicable under section 362 of the Bankruptcy Code to any creditor or party in

interest (other than the DIP Lender) (i) to permit foreclosure (or the granting of a deed in lieu of

foreclosure or the like) on any assets of any Debtor, or (ii) to permit other actions that, in each

case, the DIP Lender may, in the DIP Lender’s sole discretion, deem to have a Material Adverse

Effect;

(xx)
Any Governmental Authority (as defined in the DIP Credit

Agreement), by a final, nonappealable order, ruling or other action, shall prevent the Debtors

from conducting any material part of the Debtors’ business, to the extent such prevention could

reasonably be expected to result in a Material Adverse Effect;

33769084.1
33769084.2

45

=== page 60 ===
Case 25-12055-BLS    Doc 38    Filed 11/18/25    Page 60 of 113

(xxi)
The loss, revocation, or termination of any license, permit, lease,

or agreement necessary or material to the Debtors’ business, or the cessation of any material part

of the Debtors’ business, to the extent such loss, revocation, or termination could reasonably be

expected to result in a Material Adverse Effect;

(xxii) Any judgments which are in the aggregate in excess of $25,000 as

to any postpetition obligation shall be rendered against the Debtors and the enforcement thereof

shall not be stayed (by operation of law, the rules or orders of a court with jurisdiction over the

matter or by consent of the party litigants); or there shall be rendered against the Debtors a

nonmonetary judgment with respect to a postpetition event which causes or would reasonably be

expected to cause a Material Adverse Effect;

(xxiii) Resignation or termination of the Debtors’ Chief Restructuring

Officer (“CRO”) if a replacement is not identified within five (5) business days of such

resignation or termination and such replacement is not acceptable to the DIP Lender in its sole

discretion;

(xxiv) An application shall be filed by the Debtors for the approval of, or

an order of the Court shall be entered granting, any liens in the Bankruptcy Cases that are pari

passu with or senior to the DIP Liens or Prepetition Liens (other than the Carve-Out);

(xxv)
Any claims (as such word is defined in the Bankruptcy Code)

senior to or pari passu with the DIP Lender’s DIP Superpriority Claims, other than the

Carve-Out and the Adequate Protection Obligations owed to the Prepetition Lender;

(xxvi) Any claims (as such word is defined in the Bankruptcy Code)

senior to or pari passu with the Prepetition Lender’s Prepetition Superpriority Claims, other than

the Carve-Out and the DIP Obligations owed to the DIP Lender;

33769084.1
33769084.2

46

=== page 61 ===
Case 25-12055-BLS    Doc 38    Filed 11/18/25    Page 61 of 113

(xxvii) An order shall be entered by the Court terminating any of the

Debtors’ exclusive periods for proposing a chapter 11 plan;

(xxviii)
Dismissal or conversion of any of the Bankruptcy Cases;

(xxix) Allowance of a claim under section 506(c) of the Bankruptcy

Code;

(xxx)
An amendment or modification to, or revocation or termination of,

the letter of credit issued for the benefit of any Debtor in connection with the Sales Plan;

(xxxi) The Debtors pursue a sale that is not acceptable to the DIP Lender

in the DIP Lender’s sole discretion; or

(xxxii) The Debtors file or support any pleading seeking relief the granting

of which would give rise to an Event of Default.

(b)
Upon the occurrence of an Event of Default, the DIP Lender may, but is

not required to, exercise all rights and remedies provided for in the DIP Credit Agreement, this

Interim Order, and the Final Order, and may declare (i) the termination, reduction, or restriction

of (A) any further DIP Loan or Draw commitment to the Debtors and/or (B) the Debtors’ use of

Cash Collateral; (ii) all obligations to be immediately due and payable, without presentment,

demand, protest, or other notice of any kind, all of which are expressly waived by the Debtors,

and (iii) the termination of the commitments under the DIP Loan as to any future liability or

obligation of the DIP Lender, but without affecting any of the DIP Liens, the Adequate

Protection Liens, or the liabilities or obligations of the Debtors; provided that upon the

occurrence and during the continuance of an Event of Default, prior to the exercise of any

enforcement or liquidation remedies by the DIP Lender, the DIP Lender shall be required to

33769084.1
33769084.2

47

=== page 62 ===
Case 25-12055-BLS    Doc 38    Filed 11/18/25    Page 62 of 113

provide to the Notice Parties with five (5) calendar days’ written notice (the “Remedies Notice

Period”), which may be by email (the “Enforcement Notice”).

(c)
Upon delivery of an Enforcement Notice, any Notice Party or other party

in interest may request an expedited hearing, and each of the DIP Lender, the Prepetition Lender,

the Debtors, and the Committee (if any), as applicable, consent to a hearing on an expedited

basis; provided that if a request for such hearing is made prior to the end of the Remedies Notice

Period, then the Remedies Notice Period shall be continued until the Court hears and rules with

respect thereto. During the Remedies Notice Period, (i) the DIP Lender may not exercise any

rights or remedies to satisfy the DIP Obligations, including any rights and remedies against the

DIP Collateral; (ii) the Prepetition Lender may not exercise any rights or remedies to satisfy the

Prepetition Obligations and the Adequate Protection Obligations, including any rights or

remedies against the Prepetition Collateral; and (iii) the Debtors shall continue to have the right

to use the proceeds of the DIP Facility (the “DIP Proceeds”) and the Cash Collateral solely to

fund the Carve-Out and expenses critically necessary to preserve the value of the Debtors’

businesses and the DIP Collateral and to pay employee-related expenses incurred through and

including the expiration of the Remedies Notice Period, which expenses shall be incurred in

accordance with the terms of this Interim Order and the Approved Budget. At the end of the

Remedies Notice Period, unless the Court has entered an order to the contrary or otherwise

fashioned an appropriate remedy, the Debtors’ right to use the DIP Proceeds and the Cash

Collateral shall immediately cease, unless otherwise provided herein, and the Prepetition Lender

and the DIP Lender shall have the rights set forth in paragraph I.18(b), without the necessity of

seeking relief from the automatic stay.

33769084.1
33769084.2

48

=== page 63 ===
Case 25-12055-BLS    Doc 38    Filed 11/18/25    Page 63 of 113

(d)
Notwithstanding the foregoing, and irrespective of the Remedies Notice

Period, but except solely as otherwise expressly provided with respect to the Carve-Out, the DIP

Lender shall not be obligated to provide any DIP Loans, fund amounts into the Fee Escrow

Accounts, or execute Draws at any time a Default (as defined in the DIP Credit Agreement) or

Event of Default has occurred and is continuing or after the Maturity Date.

(e)
Notwithstanding the foregoing, the DIP Lender may only enter upon a

leased premises of the Debtors after an Event of Default in accordance with (i) a separate written

agreement among the DIP Lender and the applicable landlord for the leased premises, (ii) any

pre-existing rights of the DIP Lender under applicable non-bankruptcy law, (iii) written consent

of the applicable landlord for the leased premises, or (iv) entry of an order by this Court

approving such access to the leased premises after notice and an opportunity to be heard for the

applicable landlord for the leased premises.

19.
Milestones.
 The Debtors shall
comply with the following deadlines

(“Milestones”), unless otherwise waived by the DIP Lender in the DIP Lender’s sole discretion:

(a)
the Court shall have entered the Interim Order, in a form and substance

acceptable to the DIP Lender in the DIP Lender’s sole discretion, no later than three (3) business

days after the Petition Date;

(b)
within ten (10) calendar days after the Petition Date, the Debtors shall

have filed with the Court a motion to retain the CRO and support personnel;

(c)
within ten (10) calendar days after the Petition Date, the Debtors shall

have filed with the Court a motion to retain Agent to sell the Debtors’ assets, upon terms

acceptable to the DIP Lender in its sole discretion, to advise on and execute a sales plan detailing

the proposed process for the orderly sale of the Debtors’ assets (“Sales Plan”);

33769084.1
33769084.2

49

=== page 64 ===
Case 25-12055-BLS    Doc 38    Filed 11/18/25    Page 64 of 113

(d)
within ten (10) calendar days after the Petition Date, the Debtors shall file

with the Court a motion for entry of an order approving the procedures and process by which the

Debtors will implement and execute on the Sales Plan, which order shall be acceptable to the

DIP Lender in its sole discretion; and

(e)
the Court shall have entered the Final Order, in form and substance

acceptable to the DIP Lender in the DIP Lender’s sole discretion, no later than thirty (30)

calendar days after the Petition Date.

20.
Reporting Covenants. The Debtors shall comply with the following reporting

requirements:

(a)
delivery by the Debtors or their advisors to the DIP Lender of a

confidential weekly report summarizing weekly sales and results of the implementation of the

Sales Plan, including delivery of bank statements and other information available regarding the

Designated Deposit Accounts;

(b)
within one (1) business day of receipt, the Debtors will provide to the DIP

Lender or their advisors copies of all indications of interest, letters of intent, or draft purchase

agreements received from any third-party;

(c)
the Debtors and their advisors will hold a weekly call with the DIP Lender

and their advisors to provide an update on the implementation of the Sales Plan; and

(d)
weekly collateral (accounts receivable, inventory, and cash) reporting.

21.
Joint and Several. The Debtors are jointly and severally liable for the DIP

Obligations, the Adequate Protection Obligations, and all other obligations hereunder owed to

the DIP Lender and Prepetition Lender.

33769084.1
33769084.2

50

=== page 65 ===
Case 25-12055-BLS    Doc 38    Filed 11/18/25    Page 65 of 113

22.
No Waiver for Failure to Seek Relief. No failure or delay on the part of the DIP

Lender to exercise any rights under the DIP Credit Agreement shall operate as a waiver thereof,

nor shall any single or partial exercise by DIP Lender of any right under the DIP Credit

Agreement preclude any further exercise thereof, or the exercise of any other right. Each and

every right or remedy granted under the DIP Credit Agreement or any final order relating to the

DIP Loan or under any document delivered thereunder or in connection therewith or allowed to

the DIP Lender in law or equity shall be deemed cumulative and may be exercised from time to

time.

23.
Preservation of Rights Granted Under this Interim Order.

(a)
Subject and subordinate in all cases to the Carve-Out, and other than as

otherwise set forth in this Interim Order, neither the DIP Liens nor, subject to paragraph 27 of

this Interim Order, the Adequate Protection Liens shall be made subject or subordinate to, or pari

passu with, any lien or security interest granted in any of the Bankruptcy Cases or arising after

the Petition Date, and neither the DIP Liens nor the Adequate Protection Liens shall be subject or

subordinate to any lien or security interest that is avoided and preserved for the benefit of the

Debtors’ estates under section 551 of the Bankruptcy Code.

(b)
In the event that this Interim Order or any provision hereof is reversed or

modified on appeal, the validity and priority of any liens or claims granted to the Prepetition

Lender hereunder arising prior to the effective date of any such reversal or modification of this

Interim Order shall be governed in all respects by the original provisions of this Interim Order,

including entitlement to all rights, remedies, privileges, and benefits granted herein, and the

Prepetition Lender shall be entitled to the protections afforded in section 364(e) of the

Bankruptcy Code.

33769084.1
33769084.2

51

=== page 66 ===
Case 25-12055-BLS    Doc 38    Filed 11/18/25    Page 66 of 113

(c)
Notwithstanding any order dismissing any of the Bankruptcy Cases under

section 1112 of the Bankruptcy Code or otherwise entered at any time: (i) the Carve-Out, the

DIP Liens, the DIP Superpriority Claims, the Adequate Protection Liens, the Prepetition

Superpriority Claims, and the other administrative claims granted pursuant to this Interim Order

shall continue in full force and effect, and shall maintain their relative priorities as provided in

this Interim Order until all DIP Obligations and Adequate Protection Obligations are indefeasibly

paid in full, in cash (and such DIP Liens, DIP Superpriority Claims, Adequate Protection Liens,

Prepetition Superpriority Claims, and other administrative claims granted pursuant to this

Interim Order shall, notwithstanding such dismissal, remain binding on all parties in interest);

(ii) the other rights granted by this Interim Order shall not be affected; and (iii) this Court shall

retain jurisdiction, notwithstanding such dismissal, for the purposes of enforcing the claims,

liens, and security interests referred to in this paragraph and otherwise in this Interim Order.

(d)
Notwithstanding anything to the contrary in this Interim Order, the DIP

Term Sheet, the DIP Credit Agreement, or the other DIP Documents, nothing in this Interim

Order, the DIP Term Sheet, the DIP Credit Agreement, or the other DIP Documents shall affect

any right of the DIP Lender to object, in its sole discretion, to any sale of the Debtors’ assets or

any chapter 11 plan that does not pay the DIP Obligations in full, and all such rights are

expressly preserved.

24.
Good Faith Under Section 364(e) of the Bankruptcy Code; No Modification or

Stay of this Interim Order. The DIP Lender and Prepetition Lender have acted in good faith in

connection with this Interim Order and are entitled to rely upon the protections granted herein

and by section 364(e) of the Bankruptcy Code. Based upon the findings set forth in this Interim

Order and the record made during the Interim Hearing, and in accordance with section 364(e) of

33769084.1
33769084.2

52

=== page 67 ===
Case 25-12055-BLS    Doc 38    Filed 11/18/25    Page 67 of 113

the Bankruptcy Code, in the event any or all of the provisions of this Interim Order are hereafter

reversed or modified on appeal, the DIP Lender and Prepetition Lender are entitled to the

protections provided in section 364(e) of the Bankruptcy Code. Any such reversal or

modification on appeal shall not affect the validity and enforceability of any advances previously

made or made hereunder, or lien, claim, or priority authorized or created hereby.

25.
Expenses and Indemnification of the DIP Lender.

(a)
On the Maturity Date (or such other date as agreed to by the Debtors and

the DIP Lender), the Debtors are authorized and directed to pay, without further Court order, the

reasonable and documented fees and expenses, whether incurred before or after the Petition

Date, by professionals or consultants retained by the DIP Lender (as specifically set forth in the

DIP Term Sheet, the DIP Credit Agreement, or herein), including, for the avoidance of doubt, the

fees and expenses of the Lender’s Professionals, incurred in connection with the Bankruptcy

Cases (in any capacity) and the DIP Facility, including in connection with (i) the discussion,

negotiation, preparation, execution, and delivery of any documents in connection with the DIP

Loans, DIP Credit Agreement, and the DIP Orders, and (ii) the wind-down, sale, liquidation,

reorganization or other disposition of any or all of the Debtors’ assets (collectively, the “Lender’s

Professional Fees”). The Lender’s Professionals shall not be required to file motions or

applications with respect to the Lender’s Professional Fees but shall comply with the notice

requirements set forth in paragraph 14(c) of this Interim Order.

26.
Limitation on Use of DIP Facility Proceeds, DIP Collateral, and Cash Collateral.

Subject to paragraph 27 hereof, none of the DIP Facility, the DIP Collateral, the Prepetition

Collateral, or the proceeds thereof, including Cash Collateral, or the Carve-Out may be used:

(a) to investigate, initiate, prosecute, join, or finance the initiation or prosecution of any claim,

33769084.1
33769084.2

53

=== page 68 ===
Case 25-12055-BLS    Doc 38    Filed 11/18/25    Page 68 of 113

counterclaim, action, suit, arbitration, proceeding, application, motion, objection, defense, or

other litigation of any type, including any Retained Actions solely to the extent any Retained

Action falls within the scope of the actions described in this paragraph 26, (i) against the DIP

Lender or the Prepetition Lender under the DIP Documents, this Interim Order, or the Prepetition

Loan Documents, including, without limitation, for the payment of any services rendered by the

Debtors’ Professionals, the Special Committee’s Professionals, or the Committee Professionals

(if any) in connection with the assertion of or joinder in any claim, counterclaim, action,

proceeding, application, motion, objection, defense, or other contested matter, the purpose of

which is to seek, or the result of which would be to obtain, any order, judgment, determination,

declaration, or similar relief that would impair the ability of the DIP Lender or the Prepetition

Lender to recover on the DIP Collateral or the Prepetition Collateral, or seeking affirmative relief

against the DIP Lender or the Prepetition Lender related to the DIP Obligations or the Prepetition

Obligations, (ii) seeking to invalidate, set aside, avoid, or subordinate, in whole or in part, the

DIP Obligations, the DIP Superpriority Claims, or the DIP Liens in the DIP Collateral, the

Adequate Protection Obligations, Adequate Protection Liens, the Prepetition Obligations, or the

Prepetition Liens in the Prepetition Collateral, or (iii) for monetary, injunctive, or other

affirmative relief against the DIP Lender or the Prepetition Lender, or their respective liens on, or

security interests in, the DIP Collateral or the Prepetition Collateral, the Prepetition Superpriority

Claims or the DIP Superpriority Claims, or the DIP Obligations, Prepetition Obligations,

Adequate Protection Liens, or Adequate Protection Obligations, in each case that would impair

the ability of the DIP Lender of Prepetition Lender to assert or enforce any lien, claim, right, or

security interest, or to realize or recover on the DIP Obligations, the Prepetition Obligations, or

the Adequate Protection Obligations to the extent permitted or provided hereunder; (b) for

33769084.1
33769084.2

54

=== page 69 ===
Case 25-12055-BLS    Doc 38    Filed 11/18/25    Page 69 of 113

objecting to or challenging in any way, the legality, amount, validity, extent, priority, perfection,

or enforceability of the claims, liens, or interests (including the Prepetition Liens) held by or on

behalf of the Prepetition Lender related to the Prepetition Obligations or the Adequate Protection

Obligations or by or on behalf of the DIP Lender related to the DIP Obligations; (c) for asserting,

commencing, or prosecuting any claims or causes of action whatsoever, including, without

limitation, any Recovery Actions, to the extent such claims or causes of action are related to the

DIP Obligations, the DIP Superpriority Claims, the DIP Liens, the Prepetition Superpriority

Claims, the Adequate Protection Obligations, the Adequate Protection Liens, the Prepetition

Obligations, or the Prepetition Liens; and (d) for prosecuting an objection to, contesting in any

manner or raising any defenses to, the legality, validity, extent, amount, perfection, priority, or

enforceability of: (i) any of the DIP Liens, the DIP Superpriority Claims, or any other rights or

interests of the DIP Lender related to the DIP Obligations or the DIP Liens or (ii) through any

Retained Actions or otherwise, any of the Prepetition Liens or any other rights or interests of the

Prepetition Lender related to the Prepetition Obligations, the Prepetition Superpriority Claims, or

the Adequate Protection Obligations; provided that the DIP Facility, the DIP Collateral, the

Prepetition Collateral, including Cash Collateral, and the proceeds thereof used to fund the

Carve-Out, may be used to pay the (y) allowed fees and expenses, in an amount no more than

$25,000 (the “Investigation Budget”), incurred solely by the Committee (if any) to investigate,

but not to prepare, initiate, litigate, prosecute, object to, or otherwise pursue a Challenge (as

defined below), the claims, causes of action, adversary proceedings, or other litigation against

the Prepetition Lender solely concerning the validity, priority, perfection, enforceability, or

extent of the claims, liens, or interests (including the Prepetition Liens) held by or on behalf of

the Prepetition Lender related to the Prepetition Obligations; and (z) fees and expenses, in an

33769084.1
33769084.2

55

=== page 70 ===
Case 25-12055-BLS    Doc 38    Filed 11/18/25    Page 70 of 113

amount not to exceed the amount set forth in the Approved Budgets, incurred by the Special

Committee of the Board of Directors of Borrower (the “Special Committee”) (including the fees

and expenses of the Special Committee’s Professionals as set forth in the Approved Budgets) in

connection with its investigation of any claims, including Retained Actions, relating to fraud

allegations associated with the Borrower’s prepetition operations.

27.
Effect of Stipulations on Third Parties.

(a)
The stipulations, admissions, waivers, and releases contained in paragraph

F hereof shall be binding upon the Debtors (including their representatives) and any successors

or assigns thereto upon entry of this Interim Order. The stipulations, admissions, waivers, and

releases contained in this Interim Order shall also be binding upon all other parties in interest,

including or any statutory or non-statutory committees appointed or formed in the Bankruptcy

Cases, including the Special Committee and the Committee (if any), or any chapter 7 or chapter

11 trustee appointed or elected for any of the Debtors (a “Trustee”), unless (i) such party with

requisite standing has duly filed an appropriate pleading challenging the legality, amount,

validity, perfection, priority, extent, or enforceability of the Prepetition Liens or the Prepetition

Obligations, or otherwise asserting or prosecuting any Avoidance Actions or any other claims,

counterclaims, or causes of action, objections, contests, or defenses against the Prepetition

Lender or any such parties’ affiliates or representatives in connection with any matter related

solely to the Prepetition Loan Documents, the Prepetition Collateral, the Prepetition Liens, or the

Prepetition Obligations (each such proceeding or contested matter, a “Challenge”) by no later

than the date that is seventy-five (75) days from entry of the Interim Order, subject to further

extension (A) by written agreement (which writing may be in the form of e-mail by counsel) of

the Debtors and the Prepetition Lender, each in their sole discretion, or (B) by this Court for

33769084.1
33769084.2

56

=== page 71 ===
Case 25-12055-BLS    Doc 38    Filed 11/18/25    Page 71 of 113

good cause shown pursuant to an application filed and served by a party in interest prior to the

expiration of the Challenge Period (the “Challenge Period”); provided, in the event that, prior to

the expiration of the Challenge Period, (1) the Bankruptcy Cases are converted to cases under

chapter 7 of the Bankruptcy Code or (2) a chapter 11 trustee is appointed in the Bankruptcy

Cases, then in each such case, the Challenge Period shall be extended for a period of thirty (30)

calendar days solely with respect to any Trustee, commencing on the occurrence of either of the

events described in the foregoing clauses (1) and (2); and (ii) an order is entered by a court of

competent jurisdiction and becomes final and non-appealable in favor of the plaintiff sustaining

any such Challenge or claim in any such duly filed adversary proceeding or contested matter. If

no such adversary proceeding or contested matter is timely filed prior to the expiration of the

Challenge Period, without further order of this Court: (i) the Prepetition Obligations shall

constitute allowed claims, not subject to any Challenge (whether characterized as a counterclaim,

setoff, subordination, recharacterization, defense, avoidance, contest, attack, objection,

recoupment, reclassification, reduction, disallowance, recovery, disgorgement, attachment,

“claim” (as defined by section 101(5) of the Bankruptcy Code), impairment, subordination

(whether equitable, contractual or otherwise), or other challenge of any kind pursuant to the

Bankruptcy Code or applicable non-bankruptcy law), for all purposes in the Bankruptcy Cases

and any subsequent chapter 7 cases, if any; (ii) the Prepetition Liens shall be deemed to have

been, as of the Petition Date, legal, valid, binding, perfected, and of the priority specified in

paragraph F hereof, not subject to setoff, subordination, defense, avoidance, impairment,

disallowance, recharacterization, reduction, recoupment, or recovery; and (iii) the Prepetition

Obligations, the Prepetition Liens on the Prepetition Collateral, and the Prepetition Lender shall

not be subject to any other or further Challenge, and any party in interest shall be forever barred

33769084.1
33769084.2

57

=== page 72 ===
Case 25-12055-BLS    Doc 38    Filed 11/18/25    Page 72 of 113

from seeking to exercise the rights of the Debtors’ estates or taking any such action, including

any successor thereto (including any estate representative or a Trustee, whether such Trustee is

appointed or elected prior to or following the expiration of the Challenge Period). If any

adversary proceeding or contested matter is timely filed by a party that has standing as provided

above and in accordance with applicable law prior to the expiration of the Challenge Period, (i)

the stipulations and admissions contained in this Interim Order shall nonetheless remain binding

and preclusive on all other parties in interest, including any Trustee, except with respect to any

party that timely files a Challenge and solely as to any stipulations or admissions that are

specifically and expressly challenged in such adversary proceeding or contested matter; and (ii)

any Challenge not brought in such adversary proceeding or contested matter shall be forever

barred; provided that if and to the extent any Challenges to a particular stipulation or admission

are withdrawn, denied, or overruled by a final non-appealable order, such stipulation shall also

be binding on the Debtors’ estates and all parties in interest.  For the avoidance of doubt, none of

the DIP Collateral (including any proceeds thereof) shall be used to fund any professional fees or

expenses of any party in connection with any Challenge (other than such fees and expenses of

the Committee Professionals which, subject to entry of the Final Order (to the extent provided

therein), shall not exceed the Investigation Budget) whether pursuant to this Interim Order or

otherwise. Additionally, the Prepetition Lenders, the DIP Lenders, and, to the extent necessary,

the Debtors, waive any right to contest the Committee’s ability to obtain standing on grounds

that the Committee cannot obtain standing as a matter of law because the applicable Debtor is a

limited liability company and applicable non-bankruptcy law prohibits a party other than the

Debtors from bringing claims on behalf of such an entity.

33769084.1
33769084.2

58

=== page 73 ===
Case 25-12055-BLS    Doc 38    Filed 11/18/25    Page 73 of 113

(b)
Nothing in this Interim Order vests or confers on any person (as defined in

the Bankruptcy Code), including any Committee, standing or authority to pursue any claims or

causes of action belonging to the Debtors or their estates, including, without limitation, any

Challenge with respect to the Prepetition Loan Documents or the Prepetition Obligations, and all

rights to object to such standing are expressly reserved.

28.
Release. Effective upon entry of the Final Order, and subject to the rights of

parties in interest, other than the Debtors, pursuant to paragraphs 26 and 27 of this Interim Order,

each of the Debtors, on their own behalf and on behalf of its past, present, and future

predecessors, successors, heirs, subsidiaries, and assigns, hereby absolutely, unconditionally, and

irrevocably releases and forever discharges and acquits the DIP Lender, Prepetition Lender, and

their respective affiliates, and each of their respective former or current officers, partners,

directors, managers, owners, members, principals, employees, agents, related funds, investors,

financing sources, financial advisors, attorneys, accountants, investment bankers, consultants,

representatives, and other professionals, and the respective successors and assigns thereof, solely

in their capacities as such (collectively, the “Released Parties”), from any and all obligations and

liabilities to the Debtors (and their successors and assigns) and from any and all claims,

counterclaims, demands, defenses, offsets, debts, accounts, contracts, liabilities, actions, and

causes of action arising prior to the Petition Date of any kind, nature, or description, whether

matured or unmatured, known or unknown, asserted or unasserted, foreseen or unforeseen,

accrued or unaccrued, suspected or unsuspected, liquidated or unliquidated, pending or

threatened, arising in law or in equity, upon contract, tort, or under any state or federal law or

otherwise, to the extent arising out of or related to the DIP Facility, the DIP Obligations, the DIP

Loans, the DIP Liens, the DIP Term Sheet, the DIP Credit Agreement, the other DIP Documents,

33769084.1
33769084.2

59

=== page 74 ===
Case 25-12055-BLS    Doc 38    Filed 11/18/25    Page 74 of 113

the DIP Superpriority Claims, the Prepetition Facility, the Prepetition Obligations, the

Prepetition Liens, the Prepetition Superpriority Claims, and all other obligations owing and

financial obligations made under such facilities and agreements, and the negotiation of any of the

foregoing, in each case that the Debtors at any time had, now have, or may have, or that their

successors or assigns hereafter can or may have, against any of the Released Parties for or by

reason of any act, omission, matter, cause, or thing whatsoever arising at any time on or prior to

the date of this Interim Order; provided that nothing herein shall relieve the Released Parties

from fulfilling their obligations under the DIP Term Sheet, the DIP Credit Agreement, the other

DIP Documents, and this Interim Order; and provided further that notwithstanding anything to

the contrary in this Interim Order or the Final Order (including this paragraph 28), none of the

Debtors are releasing any Retained Actions against any party nor shall anything impair the rights

of the Special Committee to pursue such Retained Actions; provided, however, to the extent a

Retained Action falls within the scope of the actions described in paragraph 27, then such

Retained Action is subject to the mechanics of a Challenge as provided for in paragraphs 26 and

27 of this Interim Order.

29.
Turnover. Except as expressly permitted in this Interim Order, any “first day

order,” or the DIP Documents, and except with respect to the DIP Lender, in the event that any

person or entity receives any payment on account of a security interest in the DIP Collateral

(other than with respect to the Carve-Out or any preexisting perfected, valid, and not avoidable

liens senior to the DIP Liens), receives any DIP Collateral or any proceeds of the DIP Collateral

or receives any other payment or distribution with respect thereto from any other source prior to

indefeasible payment in full in cash of all DIP Obligations, such person or entity shall be deemed

to have received, and shall hold, any such DIP Collateral or any payment on account or proceeds

33769084.1
33769084.2

60

=== page 75 ===
Case 25-12055-BLS    Doc 38    Filed 11/18/25    Page 75 of 113

thereof in trust for the benefit of the DIP Lender and, upon the indefeasible payment in full in

cash of the DIP Obligations, such person or entity shall immediately turn over such collateral,

proceeds, payment, or distribution to the DIP Lender for application in accordance with the

applicable DIP Documents and this Interim Order, in the same form as received, with any

necessary endorsements, or as a court of competent jurisdiction may otherwise direct. The DIP

Lender is hereby authorized to make any such endorsements as agent for such person or entity,

and such authorization is coupled with an interest and is irrevocable.

30.
Priming Liens. The Prepetition Lender is authorized and directed to take all steps

required to give full force and effect to the DIP Lender’s Priming Liens granted pursuant to the

terms of this Interim Order which may include, but not be limited to: (a) entering into and

adhering to one or more intercreditor agreements (and any ancillary documents that are necessary

or desirable in connection therewith) with the DIP Lender on terms sufficient to: (i) acknowledge

or consent to, and otherwise give full force and effect in all jurisdictions (domestic and foreign)

to, the priority of the Priming Liens provided for in this Interim Order over any other competing

lien, security interest, or encumbrance of any kind or nature (including Prepetition Liens); and

(ii) implement the turnover provisions provided for in this Interim Order or any other DIP

Documents; and (b) facilitating in all respects the effective registration and priority of the DIP

Liens in all relevant jurisdictions (including non-U.S. jurisdictions) on any and all DIP Collateral

envisaged by and required under the DIP Term Sheet, DIP Credit Agreement, and the other DIP

Documents (including this Interim Order).

31.
Insurance. At all times the Debtors shall maintain casualty and loss insurance

coverage for the Prepetition Collateral and the DIP Collateral on substantially the same basis as

maintained prior to the Petition Date. Upon entry of this Interim Order, the DIP Lender is, and

33769084.1
33769084.2

61

=== page 76 ===
Case 25-12055-BLS    Doc 38    Filed 11/18/25    Page 76 of 113

will be deemed to be, without any further action or notice, named as an additional insureds and

lender’s loss payees on each insurance policy maintained by the Debtors which in any way

relates to the DIP Collateral, provided, that the rights or liens granted hereunder shall not

interfere with any rights held by a landlord to insurance proceeds for damages to a landlord’s

property.

32.
Loss or Damage to Collateral. The DIP Lender and Prepetition Lender shall not,

in any way or manner, be liable or responsible for (a) the safekeeping of the DIP Collateral or

Prepetition Collateral, as applicable, (b) any loss or damage thereto occurring or arising in any

manner or fashion from any cause, (c) any diminution in value thereof, or (d) any act or default

of any carrier, servicer, bailee, custodian, forwarding agency, or other person. All risks of loss,

damage, or destruction of DIP Collateral or Prepetition Collateral shall be borne by the Debtors.

33.
No Requirement to Accept Title to Collateral. Except as may be otherwise agreed

in writing, the DIP Lender and Prepetition Lender shall not be obligated to accept title to any

portion of the respective DIP Collateral or Prepetition Collateral in the payment of the

indebtedness owed to such parties by the Debtors, in lieu of payment in cash or cash equivalents,

nor shall the DIP Lender or Prepetition Lender be obligated to accept payment in cash or cash

equivalents that is encumbered by any interest of any person or entity other than the DIP Lender

or Prepetition Lender.

34.
Roll-Up of Certain Prepetition Obligations.

(a)
Upon the entry of this Interim Order, the Roll-Up DIP Loan is approved.

(b)
The Roll-Up DIP Loan shall be, on a cashless basis, automatically

“rolled-up” and substituted and deemed to constitute DIP Obligations (on a dollar-for-dollar

basis) which shall be due and payable in accordance with the terms and conditions set forth in

33769084.1
33769084.2

62

=== page 77 ===
Case 25-12055-BLS    Doc 38    Filed 11/18/25    Page 77 of 113

the DIP Credit Agreement as if originally funded on the date of the entry of the Interim Order,

and from and after the entry of this Interim Order, the Prepetition Obligations shall be

automatically and irrevocably reduced by the amount of the Roll-Up DIP Loan.

(c)
The cashless substitution and exchange of Prepetition Obligations by

“rolling-up” such amounts into DIP Obligations shall be authorized as compensation for, in

consideration for, as a necessary inducement for, and on account of the agreement of the DIP

Lender to fund the DIP Loans and not as adequate protection for, or otherwise on account of, the

Prepetition Obligations. Notwithstanding anything to the contrary herein or in the DIP Credit

Agreement, the claims and liens in respect of the Roll-Up DIP Loan shall (i) to the same extent

as the DIP Loan, be subject and subordinate to the Carve-Out, (ii) be subject to the Challenge

Period, and (c) not attach to or be payable from the proceeds of the Retained Actions.

35.
No Obligation to Extend Credit. The DIP Lender shall have no obligation to

make any loan or advance under the DIP Term Sheet, the DIP Credit Agreement, or the DIP

Documents unless all of the applicable conditions precedent (as applicable) under the DIP Term

Sheet, the DIP Credit Agreement, the DIP Documents, and this Interim Order have been satisfied

in full or waived by the DIP Lender and in accordance with the terms of the DIP Term Sheet, the

DIP Credit Agreement, this Interim Order, and the other applicable DIP Documents.

36.
Restrictions on Transfer of DIP Collateral or Prepetition Collateral to Non-Debtor

Affiliates. The Debtors shall not transfer or use any DIP Collateral or Prepetition Collateral,

including Cash Collateral, to or for the benefit of any direct or indirect non-debtor affiliate or

subsidiary of the Debtors, including Lugano Diamonds UK, Ltd, absent the express written

consent of the DIP Lender or as set forth in the Approved Budget or otherwise engage in a

liability management exercise to the detriment of the DIP Lender or Prepetition Lender.

33769084.1
33769084.2

63

=== page 78 ===
Case 25-12055-BLS    Doc 38    Filed 11/18/25    Page 78 of 113

37.
No Waiver by Failure to Seek Relief. The failure of the Debtors, DIP Lender, or

Prepetition Lender to seek relief or otherwise exercise their rights and remedies under this

Interim Order, the DIP Term Sheet, the DIP Credit Agreement, the other DIP Documents, the

Prepetition Loan Documents, or applicable law, as the case may be, shall not constitute a waiver

of any of the rights hereunder, thereunder, or otherwise.

38.
Binding Effect; Successors and Assigns. Subject to paragraph 27(a) of this

Interim Order, the DIP Term Sheet, the DIP Credit Agreement, the other DIP Documents, and

the provisions of this Interim Order, including all findings herein, shall be binding upon all

parties in interest in the Bankruptcy Cases, including, without limitation, the DIP Lender, the

Prepetition Lender, the Committee (if appointed), and the Debtors and their respective

successors and assigns (including any trustee hereinafter appointed or elected for the estate of

any of the Debtors, an examiner appointed pursuant to section 1104 of the Bankruptcy Code, or

any other fiduciary appointed as a legal representative of any of the Debtors or with respect to

the property of the estate of any of the Debtors), and shall inure to the benefit of the DIP Lender

and the Prepetition Lender; provided neither the DIP Lender nor Prepetition Lender shall have

any obligation to permit the use of DIP Collateral or Prepetition Collateral (including Cash

Collateral) or to extend any financing to any trustee or similar responsible person appointed for

the estates of the Debtors.

39.
Limitation of Liability. Solely in determining to make any loan under the DIP

Term Sheet, the DIP Credit Agreement, and the other DIP Documents, permitting the use of

Cash Collateral, or exercising any rights or remedies (excluding any actions taken after an

exercise of remedies) as and when permitted pursuant to this Interim Order, the DIP Term Sheet,

the DIP Credit Agreement, the other DIP Documents, or the Prepetition Loan Documents, the

33769084.1
33769084.2

64

=== page 79 ===
Case 25-12055-BLS    Doc 38    Filed 11/18/25    Page 79 of 113

DIP Lender and Prepetition Lender shall not be deemed to be in control of the operations of the

Debtors or to be acting as a “responsible person” or “owner or operator” with respect to the

operation or management of the Debtors or their respective business, nor shall they owe any

fiduciary duty to any of the Debtors, their creditors, or estates, or constitute or be deemed to

constitute a joint venture or partnership with any of the Debtors; provided that the Court may

assess conduct referenced in the foregoing after it occurs and act accordingly. Furthermore,

nothing in this Interim Order, the DIP Term Sheet, the DIP Credit Agreement, the other DIP

Documents, or the Prepetition Loan Documents shall in any way be construed or interpreted to

impose or to allow the imposition upon the DIP Lender or the Prepetition Lender of any liability

for any claims arising from the prepetition or postpetition activities of any of the Debtors and

their respective affiliates (as defined in section 101(2) of the Bankruptcy Code); provided,

however, that nothing in this Interim Order shall prohibit the assertion of any Retained Actions

against any party.

40.
Amendment of the DIP Documents. The DIP Term Sheet, the DIP Credit

Agreement, and the other DIP Documents may from time to time be amended, restated, waived,

modified, or supplemented by the Debtors and the DIP Lender in accordance with the terms and

conditions of this Interim Order and such DIP Documents, without further order of the Court, if

the amendment, restatement, waiver, modification, or supplement does not (a) shorten the

original stated maturity of the DIP Loans, (b) increase the aggregate commitments or the rate of

interest payable thereunder, or (c) amend the Events of Default or covenants under the DIP Term

Sheet, the DIP Credit Agreement, or the other DIP Documents to be materially more restrictive

to the Debtors (taken as a whole) (such amendment, restatement, waiver, modification or

supplement, an “Approved Modification”); provided, that, for the avoidance of doubt, other than

33769084.1
33769084.2

65

=== page 80 ===
Case 25-12055-BLS    Doc 38    Filed 11/18/25    Page 80 of 113

as explicitly set forth herein, in the DIP Term Sheet, the DIP Credit Agreement, or another DIP

Document, updates and supplements to the Approved Budget required to be delivered by the

Debtors under the DIP Term Sheet, the DIP Credit Agreement, or this Interim Order shall not

require further order of the Court. Before or promptly after the effectiveness of any Approved

Modification, the Debtors shall provide notice (which may be provided through email) to counsel

to the Committee (if appointed), the U.S. Trustee, the DIP Lender, and the Prepetition Lender.

In the case of an amendment, restatement, waiver, supplement, or other modification of the DIP

Term Sheet, the DIP Credit Agreement, or any other DIP Documents that is not an Approved

Modification, the Debtors shall (a) provide notice (which may be provided through email) to

counsel to the Committee (if appointed), the U.S. Trustee, the DIP Lender, and Prepetition

Lender and (b) obtain approval of the Court.

41.
Master Proofs of Claim. The DIP Lender and Prepetition Lender shall not be

required to file proofs of claim in any of the Bankruptcy Cases or any successor cases for any

claim allowed herein, and the entry of the Final Order shall be deemed to constitute a timely filed

proof of claim with respect to the DIP Loans against each of the applicable Debtors in the

Bankruptcy Cases. Notwithstanding any order entered by the Court in relation to the

establishment of a bar date in any of the Bankruptcy Cases or any successor cases to the contrary,

the DIP Lender and/or Prepetition Lender are authorized and entitled, but not directed or

required, to file jointly or separately (and amend and/or supplement, as the respective agents see

fit) one master proof of claim on account of any and all of the respective claims arising under the

DIP Facility or Prepetition Facility, as applicable (the “Master Proof of Claim”). For

administrative convenience, any Master Proof of Claim authorized herein may be filed in the

claims register in the case of Debtor Lugano Diamonds & Jewelry, Inc. with respect to all

33769084.1
33769084.2

66

=== page 81 ===
Case 25-12055-BLS    Doc 38    Filed 11/18/25    Page 81 of 113

amounts asserted in such Master Proof of Claim, and such Master Proof of Claim shall be

deemed to be filed and asserted by the applicable entity or entities against every Debtor asserted

to be liable for the applicable claim. For the avoidance of doubt, the provisions set forth in this

paragraph and any Master Proof of Claim filed pursuant to the terms hereof are intended solely

for the purpose of administrative convenience and shall not affect the substantive rights of any

party in interest or their respective successors in interest, including, without limitation, the

numerosity requirements set forth in section 1126 of the Bankruptcy Code. Neither the DIP

Lender nor Prepetition Lender, as applicable, shall be required to attach any instruments,

agreements, or other documents evidencing the obligations owing by each of the Debtors to the

DIP Lender or Prepetition Lender, as applicable, which instruments, agreements, or other

documents will be provided upon written request to counsel to the DIP Lender or Prepetition

Lender, as applicable. Any order entered by the Court in relation to the establishment of a bar

date for any claim (including any administrative claim) in any of the Bankruptcy Cases or any

successor cases shall not apply to the DIP Lender or Prepetition Lender. For the avoidance of

doubt, neither the DIP Lender nor Prepetition Lender will be required to file any request for

allowance and/or payment of any administrative expenses authorized under this Interim Order.

42.
Reservation of Rights. Nothing in this Interim Order shall be construed as

consent to the allowance of any fees, expenses, reimbursement, or compensation sought by any

Professional, and the DIP Lender and Prepetition Lender reserve the right to review and object to

any fee statement, interim application, monthly application, or final application issued or filed by

any Professional. Notwithstanding anything to the contrary herein or in the DIP Documents, (a)

in no event shall the DIP Lender be required to fund any amounts in excess of the DIP Loans, or

be required to fund after the DIP Obligations have been repaid and the DIP Lender’s

33769084.1
33769084.2

67

=== page 82 ===
Case 25-12055-BLS    Doc 38    Filed 11/18/25    Page 82 of 113

commitments under the DIP Facility have been terminated, and (b) the payment of any Allowed

Professional Fees pursuant to the Carve-Out shall not (i) reduce any Debtor’s obligations owed

to the DIP Lender or the Prepetition Lender (whether under this Interim Order or otherwise) or

(ii) modify, alter, or otherwise affect any of the liens and security interests of such parties

(whether granted under this Interim Order or otherwise) in the DIP Collateral or Prepetition

Collateral.

43.
Automatic Stay Modified. To the extent not otherwise provided, the automatic

stay imposed under section 362(a)(2) of the Bankruptcy Code shall be modified pursuant to the

Final Order as necessary for the relevant parties to effectuate all of the terms and provisions of

the Final Order. The automatic stay provisions of section 362 of the Bankruptcy Code or

otherwise are vacated and modified to the extent necessary to permit the DIP Lender and

Prepetition Lender to exercise immediately upon an Event of Default, the Maturity Date as well

as all rights and remedies under this Interim Order and the Final Order.

44.
Cash Management Collections and Remittances.  Pursuant to a “first day motion,”

the Debtors shall seek authority, and obtain relief from the Court related to, maintaining their

existing, prepetition cash management system.  Any material changes from such prepetition cash

management system must be acceptable to the DIP Lender in the DIP Lender’s sole discretion.

This Interim Order and the Final Order shall grant the DIP Lender the DIP Liens on the cash held

in the Debtors’ bank accounts to secure repayment of the DIP Loan.

45.
Necessary Action. The Debtors are authorized to take any and all such actions and

to make, execute, and deliver any and all instruments as may be reasonably necessary to

implement the terms and conditions of this Interim Order and the transactions contemplated

hereby.

33769084.1
33769084.2

68

=== page 83 ===
Case 25-12055-BLS    Doc 38    Filed 11/18/25    Page 83 of 113

46.
Right to Seek Additional Adequate Protection. This Interim Order is without

prejudice to, and does not constitute a waiver of, expressly or implicitly, the rights of the

Prepetition Lender to request additional forms of adequate protection at any time, subject to the

consent of the DIP Lender and any party in interest’s right to object thereto.  Nothing herein shall

be deemed a finding by the Court or an acknowledgment by the Prepetition Lender that the

Adequate Protection Obligations granted herein do in fact adequately protect the Prepetition

Lender against any Diminution in Value.

47.
Effectiveness. This Interim Order shall constitute findings of fact and conclusions

of law and shall take effect and be fully enforceable nunc pro tunc to the Petition Date

immediately upon entry hereof. Notwithstanding Bankruptcy Rules 4001(a)(3), 6004(h),

6006(d), 7062, or 9024, or any other Bankruptcy Rule, or Rule 62(a) of the Federal Rules of

Civil Procedure, this Interim Order shall be immediately effective and enforceable upon its entry

and there shall be no stay of execution or effectiveness of this Interim Order.

48.
Interim Order Governs. In the event of any inconsistency or conflict between the

express terms or provisions of the DIP Documents and this Interim Order, the provisions of this

Interim Order shall govern.

49.
Bankruptcy Rules. The requirements of Bankruptcy Rules 4001, 6003, and 6004,

in each case to the extent applicable, are satisfied by the contents of the Motion.

50.
Final Hearing.  A final hearing on the Motion will be held on November __, 2025,

at _:__ _.m., prevailing Eastern Time. The Debtors shall promptly serve copies of this Interim

Order (which shall constitute adequate notice of the final hearing) to the parties having been

given notice of the Hearing, and to any other party that has filed a request for notices with this

Court. Any objections or responses to entry of the Final Order shall be filed on or before _:__

33769084.1
33769084.2

69

=== page 84 ===
Case 25-12055-BLS    Doc 38    Filed 11/18/25    Page 84 of 113

_.m., prevailing Eastern Time, on November __, 2025; provided that the Final Hearing may be

adjourned or otherwise postponed upon the Debtors’ filing of a notice of such adjournment with

the DIP Lender’s prior written consent.

51.
Notice of Entry of Interim Order. The Debtors shall promptly serve copies of this

Interim Order (which shall constitute adequate notice of the Final Hearing) to the parties having

been given notice of the Interim Hearing, to any party that has filed a request for notices with this

Court, and to the Committee, if and after the same has been appointed.

52.
Retention of Jurisdiction. The Court shall retain jurisdiction to resolve any and

all disputes arising under or related to the DIP Obligations, the DIP Credit Agreement, the DIP

Term Sheet, the other DIP Documents, and/or the provisions of this Interim Order, and to

enforce all of the conditions of the DIP Credit Agreement, the DIP Term Sheet, the other DIP

Documents, and this Interim Order.

33769084.1
33769084.2

70

=== page 85 ===
Case 25-12055-BLS    Doc 38    Filed 11/18/25    Page 85 of 113

EXHIBIT 1

DIP Credit Agreement

33769084.1
33769084.2

=== page 86 ===
Case 25-12055-BLS    Doc 38    Filed 11/18/25    Page 86 of 113

EXHIBIT 2

13-Week Cashflow

33769084.1
33769084.2

=== page 87 ===
Case 25-12055-BLS    Doc 38    Filed 11/18/25    Page 87 of 113

EXHIBIT 3

Sale Motion Interim Order Blackline

=== page 88 ===
Case 25-12055-BLS    Doc 38    Filed 11/18/25    Page 88 of 113

IN THE UNITED STATES BANKRUPTCY COURT

FOR THE DISTRICT OF DELAWARE

Chapter 11

In re:

Case No. 25-12055 (___BLS)

LUGANO DIAMONDS & JEWELRY INC.,
et al.,1

(Jointly Administered)

Debtors.

Ref. Docket No. 13

INTERIM APPROVAL ORDER (I) AUTHORIZING THE DEBTORS TO
PERFORM UNDER THE AGENCY AGREEMENT, (II) APPROVING THE SALE
GUIDELINES, DISPUTE RESOLUTION PROCEDURES, WAIVER OF VARIOUS
LEASE RESTRICTIONS, AND MODIFICATIONS TO THE DEBTORS’ CUSTOMER
PROGRAMS, (III) SCHEDULING, IF NECESSARY AND PRIOR TO ANY AUCTION,

THE AGENT PROTECTIONS HEARING TO CONSIDER ENTRY OF THE
AGENT PROTECTIONS ORDER (1) APPROVING THE AGENT PROTECTIONS,

(2) SCHEDULING, IF NECESSARY, THE AUCTION, AND (3) APPROVING

(X) THE BIDDING PROCEDURES, AND (Y) THE SALE NOTICE;
(IV) AUTHORIZING, IF NECESSARY, THE DEBTORS TO EXECUTE
AN ALTERNATIVE TRANSACTION AGREEMENT, (V) SCHEDULING

A FINAL HEARING, AND (VI) GRANTING RELATED RELIEF

Upon the motion (the “Motion”)2 of the above-captioned debtors and debtors in

possession (collectively, the “Debtors”) for, among other things, entry of an interim order

(this “Interim Approval Order”): authorizing the Debtors to perform, on an interim basis, under

the Agency Agreement; (b) approving the Sale Guidelines, Dispute Resolution Procedures,

waiver of various restrictions under the Debtors’ real property leases, and modifications to the

Debtors’ customer programs; (c) scheduling, if necessary and prior to any Auction, the Agent

1
The Debtors in these chapter 11 cases, along with the last four digits of each Debtor’s U.S. federal tax
identification number, to the extent applicable, are as follows: Lugano Diamonds & Jewelry Inc. (6784),
Lugano Holding, Inc. (9690), Lugano Buyer, Inc. (4565), K.L.D. Jewelry, LLC (0319), and Lugano Prive, LLC
(4308). The notice address for the Debtors is 620 Newport Center Dr., Ste 100, Newport Beach, California
92660.

2
Capitalized terms used but not otherwise defined herein shall have the meanings ascribed to them in the Motion
or the Agency Agreement, as applicable.

33769091.1
33769091.2

=== page 89 ===
Case 25-12055-BLS    Doc 38    Filed 11/18/25    Page 89 of 113

Protections Hearing to consider entry of the Agent Protections Order (i) approving the Agent

Protections, (ii) scheduling, if necessary, the Auction, and (iii) approving (1) the Bidding

Procedures, and (2) the Sale Notice; (d) authorizing, if necessary, the Debtors to enter into an

Alternative Transaction Agreement; (e) scheduling the Final Approval Hearing; and (f) granting

related relief; and upon the First Day Declaration and the Perison Declaration; and upon the

statements of counsel made in support of the relief requested in the Motion at the hearing before

this Court on November [●], 2025 (the “Interim Hearing”); and it appearing that this Court has

jurisdiction to consider the Motion pursuant to 28 U.S.C. §§ 157 and 1334 and the Amended

Standing Order of Reference from the United States District Court for the District of Delaware

dated February 29, 2012; and it appearing that venue of the Chapter 11 Cases and the Motion in

this district is proper pursuant to 28 U.S.C. §§ 1408 and 1409; and this Court having found that

this is a core proceeding pursuant to 28 U.S.C. § 157(b)(2) and that it may enter a final order

consistent with Article III of the United States Constitution; and it appearing that proper and

adequate notice of the Motion has been given under the circumstances and in accordance with

the Bankruptcy Rules and Local Rules and that no other or further notice is necessary; and after

due deliberation thereon; and this Court having found that the relief herein is in the best interests

of the Debtors’ estates; and good and sufficient cause appearing therefor:

IT IS HEREBY FOUND, CONCLUDED, AND DETERMINED THAT:3

A.
The Debtors’ decision to enter into, perform under, and make payments required

by the Agency Agreement, a copy of which is attached hereto as Exhibit 1, is a reasonable

3
The findings and conclusions set forth herein constitute this Court’s findings of fact and conclusions of law
pursuant to Bankruptcy Rule 7052, made applicable to this proceeding pursuant to Bankruptcy Rule 9014. To
the extent that any of the following findings of fact constitute conclusions of law, they are adopted as such. To
the extent any of the following conclusions of law constitute findings of fact, they are adopted as such.

33769091.1
33769091.2

2

=== page 90 ===
Case 25-12055-BLS    Doc 38    Filed 11/18/25    Page 90 of 113

exercise of the Debtors’ sound business judgment, consistent with their fiduciary duties, and is in

the best interests of the Debtors, their estates, their creditors, and all parties in interest.

B.
The Agency Agreement, and the consideration to be paid thereunder, was

negotiated, proposed, and entered into by Agent and the Debtors without collusion, in good faith,

and from arm’s-length bargaining positions. The terms and conditions set forth in the Agency

Agreement are fair and reasonable under these circumstances and were not entered into for the

purpose of, nor do they have the effect of, hindering, delaying, or defrauding the Debtors or their

creditors under any applicable laws.

C.
The Sale Guidelines, a copy of which is attached hereto as Exhibit 2, are

reasonable and appropriate, will provide an efficient means for the Debtors to sell and/or dispose

of the Agency Assets, and are in the best interest of the Debtors’ estates.

D.
Subject to the Debtors’ reservation of the ability to solicit one or more Alternative

Transactions in accordance with the Agency Agreement, the sale of the Agency Assets

(the “Interim Sale”) contemplated therein when conducted in accordance with the Agency

Agreement, the Sale Guidelines, and this Interim Approval Order, and with the assistance of

Agent, will provide an efficient means for the Debtors to sell and/or dispose of the Agency

Assets as quickly and effectively as possible, and are in the best interest of the Debtors’ estates.

E.
The Debtors and Agent may sell the Agency Assets and Additional Agent Goods

free and clear of all liens, claims, encumbrances, and interests (the “Interests”) as provided for

herein because, in each case, one or more of the standards set forth in section 363(f)(1)–(5) of the

Bankruptcy Code have been satisfied with any such Interest additional to the proceeds of the sale

with the same validity, priority, extent, and nature as existed in the Agency Assets; provided that

with respect to the Additional Agent Goods, only with respect to those Interests in the Debtors’

33769091.1
33769091.2

3

=== page 91 ===
Case 25-12055-BLS    Doc 38    Filed 11/18/25    Page 91 of 113

assets.  Those holders of any such Interests who did not object, or who withdrew their objections,

to the entry of this Interim Approval Order are deemed to have consented thereto pursuant to

section 363(f)(2) of the Bankruptcy Code. Those holders of any such Interests who did object

fall within one or more of the other subsections of section 363(f) and are adequately protected by

having such Interests attach to the Debtors’ share of proceeds from the sale of the applicable

Agency Assets with the same validity and priority and to the same extent and amount that any

such Interests had with respect to such Agency Assets.

F.
The Dispute Resolution Procedures are fair and reasonable and comply with

applicable law.

G.
The relief set forth herein is necessary to avoid immediate and irreparable harm to

the Debtors and their estates, and the Debtors have demonstrated good, sufficient, and sound

business purposes and justifications for the relief approved herein.

H.
Agent is not an “insider” of the Debtors as such term is defined in section 101(31)

of the Bankruptcy Code. No common identity of directors or controlling shareholders exists

between Agent and the Debtors.

I.
The entry of this Interim Approval Order is in the best interest of the Debtors and

their estates, creditors, and all other parties in interest herein.

J.
Time is of the essence in effectuating the Agency Agreement and the Interim Sale

contemplated therein without interruption pending the Final Approval Hearing.  The Interim Sale

under the Agency Agreement must be permitted, on an interim basis, to maximize the value that

Agent may realize from the Interim Sale and the value that the Debtors may realize from

operating under the Agency Agreement.

33769091.1
33769091.2

4

=== page 92 ===
Case 25-12055-BLS    Doc 38    Filed 11/18/25    Page 92 of 113

K.
The Debtors have represented that, pursuant to the Motion, they are not seeking to

either sell or lease personally identifiable information during the course of the Interim Sale or

that the Debtors’ privacy parties permit the sale or lease of such information.

L.
No sale, transfer, or other disposition of the Agency Assets pursuant to the

Agency Agreement, or entry into the Agency Agreement, will subject Agent, solely in its

capacity as Agent under the Agency Agreement, to any liability for claims, obligations, or

Interests asserted against the Debtors or the Debtors’ interests in such Agency Assets by reason

of such transfer under any laws, including, without limitation, any bulk-transfer laws or any

theory of successor or transferee liability, antitrust, environmental, product line, de facto merger

or substantial continuity or similar theories. Agent, in its capacity as Agent under the Agency

Agreement, is not a successor to the Debtors or their respective estates.

NOW THEREFORE, IT IS HEREBY ORDERED THAT:

1.
The Motion is GRANTED, on an interim basis, as provided herein.

2.
A final hearing on the relief sought in the Motion shall be conducted on

[_______________], 2025, at [______] (ET) (the “Final Approval Hearing”). Any

party-in-interest objecting to the relief sought at the Final Approval Hearing or the Final

Approval Order shall file and serve a written objection, which objection shall be served upon

(a) proposed counsel for the Debtors (i) Keller Benvenutti Kim LLP, 101 Montgomery Street,

Suite 1950, San Francisco, CA  94104, Attn:  Tobias S. Keller (tkeller@kbkllp.com) and Scott J.

Friedman (sfriedman@kbkllp.com), and (ii) Young Conaway Stargatt & Taylor, LLP, Rodney

Square, 1000 North King Street, Wilmington, DE 19801, Attn: Edmon L. Morton, Esq.

(emorton@ycst.com), Sean M. Beach (sbeach@ycst.com), and Timothy R. Powell

(tpowell@ycst.com); (b) counsel to any official committee appointed in the Chapter 11 Cases

33769091.1
33769091.2

5

=== page 93 ===
Case 25-12055-BLS    Doc 38    Filed 11/18/25    Page 93 of 113

(each, a “Committee”); (c) the Office of the United States Trustee for the District of Delaware

(the “U.S. Trustee”), J. Caleb Boggs Federal Building, 844 King Street, Suite 2207, Lockbox 35,

Wilmington, DE 19801, Attn: Timothy Fox (timothy.fox@usdoj.com); (d) counsel to Compass

Group Diversified Holdings LLC, the Debtors’ prepetition secured lender and postpetition

secured lender, (i) Squire Patton Boggs (US) LLP, 1000 Key Tower 127 Public Square,

Cleveland, OH 44114, Attn: Peter R. Morrison, Esq. (peter.morrison@squirepb.com), and (ii)

Polsinelli PC, as Delaware counsel to the DIP Lender and Prepetition Lender, 222 Delaware

Avenue, Suite 1101, Wilmington, DE 19801, Attn: Shanti Katona (skatona@polsinelli.com); and

(e)  counsel to Agent, (i) Riemer & Braunstein LLP, Times Square Tower, Seven Times Square,

Suite 2506, New York, NY 10036, Attn: Steven E. Fox (sfox@riemerlaw.com), and (ii) Ashby

& Geddes, P.A., 500 Delaware Avenue, P.O. Box 1150, Wilmington, DE 19899, Attn: Gregory

A. Taylor (gtaylor@ashby-geddes.com), in each case no later than _______________, 2025,

at 4:00 p.m. (ET). If no objections to the entry of the Final Approval Order are timely filed, this

Court may enter the Final Approval Order without further notice or a hearing.

3.
A 
special 
hearing, 
if 
necessary, 
shall 
be 
conducted 
on

[_______________], 2025, at [______] (ET) (the “Agent Protections Hearing”) to consider

entry of an order (a) approving the Agent Protections; (b) scheduling, if necessary, an Auction;

and (c) approving (i) the Bidding Procedures, and (ii) the Sale Notice.

4.
The Debtors and Agent are authorized and empowered to take any and all

further actions as may be reasonably necessary or appropriate to give effect to this Interim

Approval Order.

33769091.1
33769091.2

6

=== page 94 ===
Case 25-12055-BLS    Doc 38    Filed 11/18/25    Page 94 of 113

A.
Effectiveness and Authority to Perform Under the Agency Agreement

5.
The Debtors are authorized to act and perform in accordance with the terms of the

Agency Agreement pursuant to sections 363 of the Bankruptcy Code, including making

payments required by the Agency Agreement, including, without limitation, the payment of

Tier 1 Consulting Fees and proceeds of sales of Additional Agent Goods, if any, and

reimbursement of Tier 1 Expenses to Agent, in each case without the need for any application of

Agent or a further order of this Court, and such amounts shall be paid free and clear of any and

all Interests of whatever kind or nature. Agent’s fees and expenses shall be paid from the gross

proceeds of the Interim Sale (including proceeds of sales of Additional Agent Goods, if any), but

shall be subject to the terms of the Agency Agreement itself, including as to any expense budget

attached thereto.

6.
Subject to this Interim Approval Order and the Sale Guidelines, the Debtors and

Agent hereby are authorized to take any and all actions as may be necessary or desirable to

implement the Agency Agreement and the Interim Sale, and the automatic stay under

section 362(a) of the Bankruptcy Code is hereby modified to the extent necessary or appropriate

to allow the Debtors and Agent to effectuate the Interim Sale and other transactions provided for

in the Agency Agreement. Each of the transactions contemplated by the Agency Agreement and

any actions taken by the Debtors and Agent necessary or desirable to implement the Agency

Agreement and/or the Interim Sale prior to the date of this Interim Approval Order hereby are

approved.

7.
The Debtors are authorized to amend the Agency Agreement from time to time in

accordance with its terms, including by extending the Sale Term, without further order of this

33769091.1
33769091.2

7

=== page 95 ===
Case 25-12055-BLS    Doc 38    Filed 11/18/25    Page 95 of 113

Court; provided that any such amendment is not materially adverse to the Debtors or their

estates, and such amendment is consented to by the DIP Lender.

8.
Notwithstanding anything to the contrary in the Agency Agreement, the Debtors

and their estates shall not indemnify Agent for any damages arising primarily out of Agent’s

fraud, willful misconduct, or gross negligence.

B.
Interim Approval Order Binding

9.
This Interim Approval Order shall be binding upon and shall govern the acts of all

entities, including, without limitation, all filing agents, filing officers, title agents, title

companies, recorders of mortgages, recorders of deeds, registrars of deeds, administrative

agencies, governmental departments, secretaries of state, federal, state and local officials, and all

other persons and entities who may be required by operation of law, the duties of their office, or

contract, to accept, file, register or otherwise record or release any documents or instruments, or

who may be required to report or insure any title or state of title in or to the Agency Assets.

10.
This Interim Approval Order and, subject to approval on a final basis of the

assumption of the Agency Agreement, the terms and provisions of the Agency Agreement shall

be binding on all of the Debtors’ creditors (whether known or unknown), the Debtors, Agent, and

their respective affiliates, successors and assigns, and any affected third parties including, but not

limited to, all persons asserting an interest in the Agency Assets, notwithstanding any subsequent

appointment of any trustee, party, entity, or other fiduciary under any section of the Bankruptcy

Code with respect to the forgoing parties, and as to such trustee, party, entity, or other fiduciary,

such terms and provisions likewise shall be binding. The provisions of this Interim Approval

Order and the terms and provisions of the Agency Agreement, and any actions taken pursuant

hereto or thereto shall survive the entry of any order which may be entered confirming or

33769091.1
33769091.2

8

=== page 96 ===
Case 25-12055-BLS    Doc 38    Filed 11/18/25    Page 96 of 113

consummating any plan(s) of the Debtors or converting the Debtors’ cases from chapter 11 to

chapter 7, and the terms and provisions of the Agency Agreement, as well as the rights and

interests granted pursuant to this Interim Approval Order and the Agency Agreement, shall

continue in these or any superseding cases and shall be binding upon the Debtors, Agent, and

their respective successors and permitted assigns, including any trustee or other fiduciary

hereafter appointed as a legal representative of the Debtors under chapter 7 or chapter 11 of the

Bankruptcy Code. Any trustee appointed in the Chapter 11 Cases shall be and hereby is

authorized to operate the business of the Debtors to the fullest extent necessary to permit

compliance with the terms of this Interim Approval Order and the Agency Agreement, and Agent

and the trustee shall be and hereby are authorized to perform under the Agency Agreement upon

the appointment of the trustee without the need for further order of this Court.

C.
Authority to Engage in the Interim Sale

11.
The Debtors and Agent are authorized, on an interim basis pending the Final

Approval Hearing, pursuant to sections 105(a) and 363(b)(1) of the Bankruptcy Code, to

immediately conduct the Interim Sale in accordance with this Interim Approval Order, the Sale

Guidelines (as may be modified by Side Letter (defined below)), and the Agency Agreement.

12.
To facilitate the Interim Sale, the Sale Guidelines are approved in their entirety.

13. To facilitate the Interim Sale, the Debtors are authorized to make modifications to the

programs contained in the Motion of Debtors for Interim and Final Orders (A) Authorizing the

Debtors to (I) Maintain and Administer Their Customer Programs, (II) Honor Prepetition

Obligations, and (B) Granting Related Relief [Docket No. [●]].

13.
14. All entities that are presently in possession of some or all of the Agency

Assets in which the Debtors hold an interest that are or may be subject to the Agency Agreement

33769091.1
33769091.2

9

=== page 97 ===
Case 25-12055-BLS    Doc 38    Filed 11/18/25    Page 97 of 113

or this Interim Approval Order hereby are directed to surrender possession of such Agency

Assets to the Debtors or Agent.

14.
15. NeitherSubject to the terms of this Interim Approval Order, neither the

Debtors nor Agent, nor any of their officers, employees, or agents, shall be required to obtain the

approval of any third party, including (without limitation) any Governmental Unit (as defined in

section 101(27) of the Bankruptcy Code) or landlord, to conduct the Interim Sale and to take the

related actions authorized herein.

D.
Conduct of the Interim Sale

15.
16. All newspapers and other advertising media in which the Interim Sale may be

advertised and all landlords are directed to accept this Interim Approval Order as binding

authority so as to authorize the Debtors and Agent to conduct the Interim Sale and the sale of the

Agency Assets and Additional Agent Goods pursuant to the Agency Agreement, including,

without limitation, to conduct and advertise the sale of the Agency Assets and Additional Agent

Goods in the manner contemplated by and in accordance with this Interim Approval Order, the

Sale Guidelines (as may be modified by Side Letter), and the Agency Agreement.

16.
17. The Subject to the terms of this Interim Approval Order, the Debtors and

Agent are hereby authorized to take such actions as may be necessary and appropriate to

implement the Agency Agreement and to conduct the Interim Sale as provided in the Agency

Agreement orand the Sale Guidelines (as may be modified by Side Letter), without necessity of

further order of this Court, including, without limitation, promotion the Interim Sale on a highly

promotional basis utilizing sale themes as are customary in the industry, as determined by Agent

from time to time in its discretion.  In furtherance of the foregoing and subject to any Side Letter,

Agent shall be authorized to use sign-walkers, banners, or other advertising, and if the Debtors

33769091.1
33769091.2

10

=== page 98 ===
Case 25-12055-BLS    Doc 38    Filed 11/18/25    Page 98 of 113

and Agent are unable to consensually resolve any dispute arising from the use of such

promotional activities in any particular location, any party may request an expedited telephonic

hearing with this Court pursuant to this Interim Approval Order.

17.
18. Provided that the conduct of the Interim Sale is conducted in accordance with

the terms of this Interim Approval Order, the Agency Agreement and the Sale Guidelines, any

restrictive provision of any lease, sublease, restrictive covenant, or other agreement relative to

occupancy affecting or purporting to restrict the conduct of the Interim Sale (including the sale

of the Agency Assets and Additional Agent Goods), the rejection of leases, abandonment of

assets, or “going dark” provisions shall not be enforceable in conjunction with the Interim Sale

or the transactions provided for in the Agency Agreement. Breach of any such provisions in the

Chapter 11 Cases in conjunction with the conduct of the Interim Sale in accordance with the

term of this Approval Order, the Agency Agreement and the Sale Guidelines (as modified by

Side Letter) shall not constitute a default under a lease or provide a basis to terminate the lease,

absent further Order of the Court.

18.
19. The Debtors, Agent, and landlords of the Debtors’ corporate offices and other

operating locations (each, a “Sale Location,” and collectively, the “Sale Locations”), with the

consent of the DIP Lender are authorized to enter into agreements (each, a “Side Letter,” and

collectively, the “Side Letters”) between themselves modifying the Sale Guidelines without

further order of this Court, and such Side Letters shall be binding as among the Debtors, Agent,

and any such landlords.

19.
20. Except as expressly provided for herein or in the Sale Guidelines, and except

with respect to any Governmental Unit (as to which paragraphs 34-37 herein shall apply), no

person or entity, including, but not limited to, any landlord, shopping center manager, licensor,

33769091.1
33769091.2

11

=== page 99 ===
Case 25-12055-BLS    Doc 38    Filed 11/18/25    Page 99 of 113

service provider, utility, or creditor, shall take any action to directly or indirectly prevent,

interfere with, or otherwise hinder consummation of the Interim Sale, or the sale of Agency

Assets or Additional Agent Goods, or the advertising and promotion of such Interim Sale, and all

such parties and persons of every nature and description, including, but not limited to, any

landlord, licensor, service provider, utility, or creditor and all those acting for or on behalf of

such parties, are prohibited and enjoined from (a) interfering in any way with, obstructing, or

otherwise impeding, the Interim Sale and/or (b) instituting any action or proceeding in any court

(other than in this Court), or administrative body seeking an order or judgment against, among

others, the Debtors, Agent, or the landlords, at the Sale Locations that might in any way directly

or indirectly obstruct, otherwise interfere with, or adversely affect the conduct of the Interim

Sale, and/or seek to recover damages for breaches of covenants or other provisions in any lease,

sublease, license, or contract based upon any relief authorized herein.

20.
21. In accordance with and subject to the terms and conditions of the Agency

Agreement, Agent shall have the right to use the Sale Locations and all related services, FF&E,

supplies, and other assets of the Debtors for the purpose of conducting the Interim Sale, free of

any interference from any entity or person, subject to compliance with the Agency Agreement,

Sale Guidelines, and this Interim Approval Order.

21.
22. The Interim Sale of Agency Assets and Additional Agent Goods shall be “as

is” and final.  However, all state and federal laws relating to implied warranties for latent defects

shall be complied with and are not superseded by the sale of said goods or the use of the terms

“as is” or “final sales.”

22.
23. Except as may otherwise expressly provided in the Agency Agreement, Agent

shall not be liable for sales taxes (except with respect to sale of the Additional Agent Goods),

33769091.1
33769091.2

12

=== page 100 ===
Case 25-12055-BLS    Doc 38    Filed 11/18/25    Page 100 of 113

and the payment of any and all sales taxes (except with respect to the Additional Agent Goods) is

the responsibility of the Debtors. The Debtors are directed to remit all taxes arising from the

Interim Sale to the applicable Governmental Units as and when due; provided that in the case of

a bona fide dispute the Debtors are only directed to pay such taxes upon the resolution of the

dispute, if and to the extent that the dispute is decided in favor of the applicable Governmental

Unit. For the avoidance of doubt, sales taxes collected and held in trust by the Debtors shall not

be used to pay any creditor or any other party, other than the applicable Governmental Unit for

which the sales taxes are collected. Agent shall collect, remit to the Debtors, and account for

sales taxes as, and to the extent provided in, the Agency Agreement. This Interim Approval

Order does not enjoin, suspend, or restrain the assessment, levy, or collection of any tax under

state law, and does not constitute a declaratory judgment with respect to any party’s liability for

taxes under state law.

23.
24. Except as expressly provided for in the Agency Agreement, nothing in this

Interim Approval Order or the Agency Agreement, and none of Agent’s actions taken in respect

of the Interim Sale shall be deemed to constitute an assumption by Agent of any of the Debtors’

obligations relating to any of the Debtors’ employees. Moreover, Agent shall not become liable

under any collective bargaining or employment agreement or be deemed a joint or successor

employer with respect to such employees.

24.
25. Pursuant to section 363(f) of the Bankruptcy Code, Agent, on behalf of the

Debtors, is authorized to sell the Agency Assets, and the Interim Sale of Agency Assets and

Additional Agent Goods, whether by Agent or the Debtors, shall be free and clear of any and all

Interests; provided, however, that any such Interests shall attach to the amounts to be received by

the Debtors under the Agency Agreement that are not otherwise payable to Agent, in each case

33769091.1
33769091.2

13

=== page 101 ===
Case 25-12055-BLS    Doc 38    Filed 11/18/25    Page 101 of 113

with the same validity, in the amount, with the same priority as, and to the same extent that any

such Interests have with respect to the Agency Assets, subject to any claims and defenses that the

Debtors may possess with respect thereto; provided further, that with respect to the Additional

Agents Goods, only with respect to those Interests in the Debtors’ assets.

25.
26. To the extent that the Debtors propose to sell or abandon FF&E which may

contain personal and/or confidential information about Debtors’ employees and/or customers

(the “Confidential Information”), the Debtors shall remove the Confidential Information from

such items of FF&E before such sale or abandonment.

26.
27. The Debtors and/or Agent (as the case may be) are authorized and empowered

to transfer Agency Assets and Additional Agent Goods among the Sale Locations. Agent is

hereby authorized to sell the Debtors’ Owned FF&E and abandon the same, in each case, as

provided for and in accordance with the terms of the Agency Agreement and Sale Guidelines

(and any Side Letter, as applicable); provided that Agent and the Debtors are not authorized to

abandon, and are directed to remove, any hazardous materials defined under applicable law from

any leased premises as and to the extent they are required to do so by applicable law.

27.
28. Notwithstanding anything to the contrary in this Interim Approval Order or

the Agency Agreement, the Debtors shall not sell or abandon any property that the Debtors know

is not owned by a Debtor without the owner’s consent; provided that the Debtors will work in

good faith with the owner of any such property to arrange for the return of the property to the

owner; provided, further, that the Debtors may abandon property owned by any landlord at the

applicable Sale Location(s) in accordance with the terms of this Interim Approval Order.

28.
29. No later than seven days prior to the objection deadline to entry of the Final

Approval Order, Agent shall file a declaration disclosing connections to the Debtors, their

33769091.1
33769091.2

14

=== page 102 ===
Case 25-12055-BLS    Doc 38    Filed 11/18/25    Page 102 of 113

creditors, and other parties in interest in the Chapter 11 Cases, and the Debtors shall serve the

same on the U.S. Trustee, any Committee, and all parties who have filed requests for service

under Bankruptcy Rule 2002, by email, or if the email address is not available to the Debtors,

then by first-class mail.

29.
30. Notwithstanding this or any other provision of this Interim Approval Order,

nothing shall prevent or be construed to prevent Agent (individually, as part of a joint venture, or

otherwise) or any of its affiliates from providing additional services to and/or bidding on the

Debtors’ assets not subject to the Agency Agreement pursuant to an agency agreement or

otherwise (“Additional Assets”). Nothing contained in this Interim Approval Order shall be

deemed to prohibit Agent (individually, as part of a joint venture, or otherwise) or any of its

affiliates to bid on, guarantee, or otherwise acquire such Additional Assets, or offer to provide

additional services, notwithstanding anything to the contrary in the Bankruptcy Code or other

applicable law.

30.
31. Nothing in this Interim Approval Order shall (a) alter or affect the Debtors’

obligations to comply with section 365(d)(3) of the Bankruptcy Code or (b) alter or modify the

rights of any lessor or other counterparty to a lease with the Debtors to file an appropriate motion

or otherwise seek appropriate relief if the Debtors fail to comply with section 365(d)(3) of the

Bankruptcy Code; provided that the conduct of the Interim Sale in accordance with the Sale

Guidelines, as may have been modified by a Side Letter, shall not be a violation of

section 365(d)(3) of the Bankruptcy Code.

31.
32. During the Interim Sale, Agent shall be granted a limited license and right to

use the Debtors’ Intellectual Property, including, without limitation, trade names, logos, e-mail

lists, mailing lists, customer lists, and e-commerce sites (including (without limitation) websites

33769091.1
33769091.2

15

=== page 103 ===
Case 25-12055-BLS    Doc 38    Filed 11/18/25    Page 103 of 113

and social media sites such as Facebook and X), relating to and used in connection with the

operation of the Sale Locations as identified in the Agency Agreement, solely for the purpose of

advertising the Interim Sale in accordance with the terms of the Agency Agreement, Sale

Guidelines, and this Interim Approval Order; provided, however, that Agent shall not receive

Personally Identifiable Information (as defined in section 101(41A) of the Bankruptcy Code)

from the Debtors.

E.
Dispute Resolution Procedures with Governmental Units

34.
Nothing in this Interim Approval Order, the Agency Agreement, or the Sale

Guidelines releases, nullifies, or enjoins the enforcement of any liability to a governmental unit

under environmental laws or regulations (or any associated liabilities for penalties, damages, cost

recovery, or injunctive relief) to which any entity would be subject as the owner, lessor, lessee,

or operator of the property after the date of entry of this Interim Approval Order. Nothing

contained in this Interim Approval Order, the Agency Agreement, or the Sale Guidelines shall in

any way: (a) diminish the obligation of any entity to comply with environmental laws; or

(b) diminish the obligations of the Debtors to comply with environmental laws consistent with its

rights and obligations as debtor in possession under the Bankruptcy Code. The Debtors’ and

Agent’s conduct of the Interim Sale shall not be exempt from laws of general applicability,

including, without limitation, public health and safety, criminal, tax, labor, employment,

environmental, antitrust, fair competition, traffic and consumer protection laws, including

consumer laws regulating deceptive practices and false advertising (collectively, “General

Laws”). Nothing in this Interim Approval Order, the Agency Agreement, or the Sale Guidelines

shall alter or affect obligations to comply with all applicable federal safety laws and regulations.

Nothing in this Interim Approval Order shall be deemed to bar any Governmental Unit from

33769091.1
33769091.2

16

=== page 104 ===
Case 25-12055-BLS    Doc 38    Filed 11/18/25    Page 104 of 113

enforcing General Laws in the applicable non-bankruptcy forum, subject to the Debtors’ rights to

assert in that forum or before this Court that any such laws are not in fact General Laws or that

such enforcement is impermissible under the Bankruptcy Code, this Interim Approval Order, or

otherwise, pursuant to paragraph 36 herein. Notwithstanding any other provision in this Interim

Approval Order, no party waives any rights to argue any position with respect to whether the

conduct was in compliance with this Interim Approval Order and/or any applicable law, or that

enforcement of such applicable law is preempted by the Bankruptcy Code. Nothing in this

Interim Approval Order shall be deemed to have made any rulings on any such issues.

35.
Provided that the Interim Sale is conducted in accordance with the terms of this

Interim Approval Order, the Agency Agreement, and the Sale Guidelines, and in light of the

provisions in the laws of many Governmental Units that exempt court-ordered sales from their

provisions, to the extent that the sale of Agency Assets is subject to any Liquidation Sale Laws,

including any federal, state, or local statute, ordinance, or rule, or licensing requirement directed

at regulating “going out of business,” “store closing,” similar inventory liquidation sales, or fast

pay laws, bulk sale laws, including laws restricting safe, professional, and non-deceptive,

customary advertising such as signs, banners, posting of signage, and use of sign-walkers solely

in connection with the Interim Sale and including ordinances establishing license or permit

requirements, waiting periods, time limits or bulk sale restrictions that would otherwise apply

solely to the sale of the Agency Assets, the Debtors and Agent will be presumed to be in

compliance with any Liquidation Sale Laws and are authorized to conduct the Interim Sale in

accordance with the terms of this Interim Approval Order, the Agency Agreement and the Sale

Guidelines without the necessity of further showing compliance with any Liquidation Sale Laws.

33769091.1
33769091.2

17

=== page 105 ===
Case 25-12055-BLS    Doc 38    Filed 11/18/25    Page 105 of 113

36.
To the extent that between the Petition Date and the date of the entry of the Final

Approval Order or Sale Order, as applicable, there is a dispute arising from or related to the

manner in which the Interim Sale is being conducted pursuant to this Interim Approval Order,

the Agency Agreement, or the Sale Guidelines, which disputes relate to any Liquidation Sales

Laws, the following Dispute Resolution Procedures shall apply:

(a)
Within three business days after entry of this Interim Approval Order, the
Debtors will serve by first-class mail copies of this Interim Approval
Order, the Agency Agreement, and the Sale Guidelines on the following:
(i) the Attorney General’s office for each state where the Interim Sale is
being held, (ii) the county consumer protection agency or similar agency
for each county where the Interim Sale is being held, (iii) the division of
consumer protection for each state where the Interim Sale are being held,
(iv) the chief legal counsel for the local jurisdiction, and (E) the landlords
for the Sale Locations (collectively, the “Dispute Notice Parties”).

(b)
To the extent that there is a dispute arising from or relating to the Interim
Sale, this Interim Approval Order, or the proposed Final Approval Order,
as applicable, the Agency Agreement, or the Sale Guidelines, which
dispute relates to any Liquidation Sale Laws (a “Reserved Dispute”), this
Court shall retain jurisdiction to resolve the Reserved Dispute. Any time
within 10 days following entry of this Interim Approval Order, any
Governmental Unit may assert that a Reserved Dispute exists by serving
written notice of such Reserved Dispute (the “Dispute Notice”),
explaining the nature of the dispute to: (i) proposed counsel to the
Debtors (1) Keller Benvenutti Kim LLP, 101 Montgomery Street, Suite
1950, San Francisco, CA 94104, Attn: Tobias S. Keller, Esq.
(tkeller@kbkllp.com) and Scott Friedman (sfriedman@kbkllp.com),
and (2) Young Conaway Stargatt & Taylor, LLP, Rodney Square, 1000
North King Street, Wilmington, DE 19801, Attn:  Edmon L. Morton,
Esq. (emorton@ycst.com), Sean M. Beach (sbeach@ycst.com), and
Timothy R. Powell (tpowell@ycst.com); (ii) counsel to Agent, (1)
Riemer & Braunstein LLP, Times Square Tower, Seven Times Square,
Suite 2506, New York, NY 10036, Attn:
 Steven E. Fox
(sfox@riemerlaw.com), and (2) Ashby & Geddes, P.A., 500 Delaware
Avenue, P.O. Box 1150, Wilmington, DE 19899, Attn: Gregory A. Taylor
(gtaylor@ashby-geddes.com); (iii) the U.S. Trustee, J. Caleb Boggs
Federal Building, 844 King Street, Suite 2207, Lockbox 35, Wilmington,
DE 19801, Attn:  Timothy Fox (timothy.fox@usdoj.com); (iv) counsel to
the DIP Lender and Prepetition Lender, (1) Squire Patton Boggs (US)
LLP, 1000 Key Tower 127 Public Square, Cleveland, OH, 44114 Attn:
Peter R. Morrison (peter.morrison@squirepb.com), and (2) Polsinelli PC,

33769091.1
33769091.2

18

=== page 106 ===
Case 25-12055-BLS    Doc 38    Filed 11/18/25    Page 106 of 113

222 Delaware Avenue, Suite 1101, Wilmington, DE 19801, Attn: Shanti
Katona (skatona@polsinelli.com); and (v) counsel to any Committeeany
Committee; and (vi) affected landlords at the notice address in the lease
and their counsel of record (if known). If the Debtors, Agent, and the
Governmental Unit are unable to resolve the Reserved Dispute within 15
days after service of the Dispute Notice, the Governmental Unit may file a
motion with this Court requesting that this Court resolve the Reserved
Dispute (a “Dispute Resolution Motion”).

(c)
In the event that a Dispute Resolution Motion is filed, nothing in this
Interim Approval Order shall preclude the Debtors, a landlord, or any
other interested party from asserting (i) that the provisions of any
Liquidation Sale Laws are preempted by the Bankruptcy Code, or (ii) that
neither the terms of this Interim Approval Order nor the conduct of the
Debtors pursuant to this Interim Approval Order violates such Liquidation
Sale Laws. Filing a Dispute Resolution Motion as set forth herein shall
not be deemed to affect the finality of the Interim Approval Order or to
limit or interfere with the Debtors’ or Agent’s ability to conduct or to
continue to conduct the Interim Sale pursuant to this Interim Approval
Order, absent further order of this Court. Upon the entry of this Interim
Approval Order this Court grants authority for the Debtors and Agent to
conduct the Interim Sale pursuant to the terms of this Interim Approval
Order, the Agency Agreement, and/or the Sale Guidelines and to take all
actions reasonably related thereto or arising in connection therewith. The
Governmental Unit will be entitled to assert any jurisdictional, procedural,
or substantive arguments it wishes with respect to the requirements of its
Liquidation Sale Laws or the lack of any preemption of such Liquidation
Sale Laws by the Bankruptcy Code. Nothing in this Interim Approval
Order will constitute a ruling with respect to any issues to be raised in any
Dispute Resolution Motion.

(d)
If, at any time, a dispute arises between the Debtors and/or Agent and a
Governmental Unit as to whether a particular law is a Liquidation Sale
Law, and subject to any provisions contained in this Interim Approval
Order related to the Liquidation Sale Laws, then any party to that dispute
may utilize the provisions of subparagraphs (b) and (c) above by serving a
notice to the other party and proceeding thereunder in accordance with
those paragraphs. Any determination with respect to whether a particular
law is a Liquidation Sale Law shall be made de novo.

37.
Subject to paragraphs 34-36 above, each and every federal, state, or local

agency, departmental or Governmental Unit with regulatory authority over the Interim Sale and

all newspapers and other advertising media in which the Interim Sale are advertised shall

33769091.1
33769091.2

19

=== page 107 ===
Case 25-12055-BLS    Doc 38    Filed 11/18/25    Page 107 of 113

consider this Interim Approval Order as binding authority that no further approval, license, or

permit of any Governmental Unit shall be required, nor shall the Debtors or Agent be required to

post any bond, to conduct the Interim Sale.

38.
Within three business days of entry of this Interim Approval Order, the

Debtors shall serve, or shall cause to be served, copies of this Interim Approval Order, the

Agency Agreement, and the Sale Guidelines via email, facsimile or regular mail, on:  (a) the U.S.

Trustee; (b) the United States Attorney’s Office for the District of Delaware; (c) those

creditors holding the 30 largest unsecured claims against the Debtors’ estates (on a consolidated

basis); (d) counsel to Compass Group Diversified Holdings LLC, the Debtors’ prepetition

secured lender and postpetition secured lender, Squire Patton Boggs (US) LLP, 1000 Key Tower

127 
Public 
Square, 
Cleveland, 
OH 44114, 
Attn:
 
Peter 
Morrison, 
Esq.

(peter.morrison@squirepb.com); (e) the Internal Revenue Service; (vi) the Attorney General’s

office for each state where the Interim Sale is being held; (f) the division of consumer protection

for each state where the Interim Sale is being held; (g) the chief legal counsel for the local

jurisdiction; (h) the landlords for the Sale Locations; and (i) the Securities and Exchange

Commission. The Debtors submit that, in light of the nature of the relief requested, no other or

further notice need be given.

F.
Other Provisions

39.
The Debtors are authorized, but not directed, to implement and make

payments under the Incentives Program (as defined in the Motion of Debtors for Interim and

Final Order (A) Authorizing the Debtors to (I) Pay Prepetition Wages, Salaries, Other

Compensation, and Reimbursable Expenses, and (II) Continue Employee Benefits Programs,

and (B) Granting Related Relief [Docket No. [●]]). For the avoidance of doubt, no Incentives

33769091.1
33769091.2

20

=== page 108 ===
Case 25-12055-BLS    Doc 38    Filed 11/18/25    Page 108 of 113

Program bonuses shall be paid to any executives, directors, or “insiders,” as that term is defined

in the Bankruptcy Code, absent further Court order.

40.
Agent is authorized to supplement the Merchandise in the Sale Locations

with Additional Agent Goods; provided that any such Additional Agent Goods must be of like

kind and no lesser quality than the Merchandise. The Interim Sale of Additional Agent Goods

shall be recorded through the Debtors’ existing systems; provided, however, that Agent shall

mark the Additional Agent Goods using either a “dummy” SKU or department number or in

such other manner that shall distinguish the Additional Agent Goods from the Merchandise.

Agent and the Debtors shall cooperate to ensure that the Additional Agent Goods are marked in

such a way that a reasonable consumer could distinguish the Additional Agent Goods from the

Merchandise.

41.
All transactions relating to the Additional Agent Goods are, shall be

construed as, and are acknowledged by the Debtors to be, a true consignment from Agent to the

Debtors under Article 9 of the Uniform Commercial Code in effect in the State of Delaware (the

“UCC”) and not a consignment for security purposes.

42.
Agent shall pay to the Debtors an amount equal to five percent of the

gross proceeds (excluding sales taxes) from the Interim Sale of Additional Agent Goods

completed during the Sale Term.  All remaining amounts from the Interim Sale of the Additional

Agent Goods shall be the exclusive property of Agent, and no other person or entity shall have

any claim against any of the Additional Agent Goods or their proceeds.  At Agent’s sole cost and

expense, the Debtors shall insure the Additional Agent Goods at Agent’s request and, if required,

promptly file any proofs of loss with regard to the same with the Debtors’ insurers. The Agent

shall be responsible for payment of any deductible under any such insurance in the event of any

33769091.1
33769091.2

21

=== page 109 ===
Case 25-12055-BLS    Doc 38    Filed 11/18/25    Page 109 of 113

casualty affecting the Additional Agent Goods.

43.
The Additional Agent Goods are not and shall not be treated as property of

the estate within the meaning of section 541 of the Bankruptcy Code.

44.
With respect to each Sale Locations, at the conclusion of the Interim Sale

at such Sale Locations Agent shall vacate the Sale Locations; provided that Debtors or Agent

may abandon any FF&E, including any Owned FF&E, not sold in the Interim Sale at such

location at the conclusion of the Sale (the “Termination Date”), without cost or liability of any

kind to Agent. The Debtors will have the option to remove the FF&E prior to the Termination

Date.  For the avoidance of doubt, as of the Termination Date with respect to each Sale

Locations, Agent may abandon, in place and without further responsibility or liability of any

kind, any FF&E.

45.
Agent shall not be liable for any claims against the Debtors, and the

Debtors shall not be liable for any claims against Agent, in each case, other than as expressly

provided for in the Agency Agreement, as modified by this Interim Approval Order.

46.
To the extent the Debtors are subject to any state “fast pay” laws in

connection with the Interim Sale, the Debtors shall be presumed to be in compliance with such

laws to the extent, in applicable states, such payroll payments are made by the later of: (a) the

Debtors’ next regularly scheduled payroll; and (b) seven calendar days following the termination

date of the relevant employee, and in all such cases consistent with, and subject to, any previous

orders of this Court regarding payment of same.

47.
Notwithstanding the relief granted in this Interim Approval Order and any

actions taken pursuant to such relief, nothing in this Interim Approval Order shall be deemed:

(a) an admission as to the validity, priority, nature, or extent of any prepetition claim against a

33769091.1
33769091.2

22

=== page 110 ===
Case 25-12055-BLS    Doc 38    Filed 11/18/25    Page 110 of 113

Debtor entity; (b) a waiver of the Debtors’ or any other party-in-interest’s right to dispute any

prepetition claim on any grounds; (c) a promise or requirement to pay any prepetition claim; (d)

an implication or admission that any particular claim is of a type specified or defined in this

Interim Approval Order or the Motion; (e) a request or authorization to assume any prepetition

agreement, contract, or lease pursuant to section 365 of the Bankruptcy Code, other than

assumption of the Agency Agreement (subject to entry of the Final Approval Order); (f) a waiver

or limitation of the Debtors’ rights or the rights of any other person under the Bankruptcy Code

or any other applicable law; or (g) a concession by the Debtors or any other party-in-interest that

any liens (contractual, common law, statutory, or otherwise) satisfied pursuant to the Motion are

valid, and the Debtors and all other parties-in-interest expressly reserve their rights to contest the

extent, validity, or perfection or seek avoidance of all such liens.

48.
Except as otherwise provided herein, nothing herein shall be construed to

(a) create or perfect, in favor of any person or entity, any interest in cash of a Debtor that did not

exist as of the Petition Date or (b) alter or impair any security interest or perfection thereof, in

favor of any person or entity, that existed as of the Petition Date (and nothing in this paragraph

48 shall be construed to supersede any provisions of the Interim DIP Order.

49.
Nothing herein, nor as a result of any payment made pursuant to this

Interim Approval Order, shall be deemed or construed as a waiver of the right of Debtors, or

shall impair the ability of Debtors to contest the validity and amount of any payment made

pursuant to this Interim Approval Order (other than any payment in respect of the Tier 1

Consulting Fee and reimbursement of any Tier 1 Expenses as provided in the Agency

Agreement).

33769091.1
33769091.2

23

=== page 111 ===
Case 25-12055-BLS    Doc 38    Filed 11/18/25    Page 111 of 113

50.
Nothing herein shall create, nor is intended to create, any rights in favor of

or enhance the status of any claim held by any party.

51.
Notwithstanding anything to the contrary set forth herein, any payment

made, or authorization contained, hereunder shall be subject in all respects to the Approved

Budget (as defined in Interim DIP Order or Final DIP Order).

52.
Cause exists to shorten the notice period set forth in Bankruptcy Rule

2002, to the extent possible. Accordingly, notice of the Motion as provided therein is deemed

good and sufficient notice of such Motion and the requirements of Bankruptcy Rule 6004(a) and

the local rules of this Court are satisfied by such notice.

53.
Notwithstanding Bankruptcy Rule 6004(h), the terms and conditions of

this Interim Approval Order are immediately effective and enforceable upon its entry.

54.
This Court shall retain jurisdiction with regard to all issues or disputes

relating to this Interim Approval Order, the Agency Agreement, the Sale Guidelines, and any

Side Letter, including, but not limited to, (a) any claim or issue relating to any efforts by any

party or person to prohibit, restrict or in any way limit advertising, including with respect to any

allegations that such advertising is not being conducted in a safe, professional, and non-deceptive

manner, (b) any claim of the Debtors, the landlords of any Sale Locations and/or Agent for

protection from interference with the conduct of the Interim Sale, (c) any other disputes related

to the conduct of the Interim Sale, and (d) protect the Debtors and/or Agent against any

assertions of any Interests. No such parties or person shall take any action against the Debtors,

Agent, the landlords of the Sale Locations, or the Interim Sale until this Court has resolved such

dispute. This Court shall hear the request of such parties or persons with respect to any such

disputes on an expedited basis, as may be appropriate under the circumstances.

33769091.1
33769091.2

24

=== page 112 ===
Case 25-12055-BLS    Doc 38    Filed 11/18/25    Page 112 of 113

55. Upon entry of the Final Approval Order, nothing contained in any plan confirmed in

the Chapter 11 Cases or any order of this Court confirming such plan or in any other order in the

Chapter 11 Cases (including any order entered after any conversion of this case to a case under

chapter 7 of the Bankruptcy Code) shall alter, conflict with, or derogate from, the provisions of

the Agency Agreement or the terms of this Interim Approval Order.

55.
56. Agent, solely in its capacity as Agent contemplated under the Agency

Agreement and for exclusively the purposes contemplated therein, shall not be liable for any

claims against the Debtors, and the Debtors shall not be liable for any claims against Agent, in

each case, other than as expressly provided for in the Agency Agreement. Agent, in the capacity

described in this paragraph 56, shall have no successor liability whatsoever with respect to any

Interests or claims of any nature that may exist against the Debtors, including, without limitation,

Agent shall not be, or to be deemed to be (a) a successor in interest or within the meaning of any

law, including any revenue, successor liability, pension, labor, ERISA, bulk transfer, products

liability, tax or environmental law, rule or regulation, or any theory of successor or transferee

liability, antitrust, environmental, product line, de facto merger or substantial continuity or

similar theories, or (b) a joint employer, co-employer or successor employer with the Debtors,

and the Agent shall have no obligation to pay the Debtors’ wages, bonuses, severance pay,

vacation pay, WARN act claims if any), benefits or any other payments to employees of the

Debtors, including pursuant to any collective bargaining agreement, employee pension plan, or

otherwise, except as expressly set forth in the Agency Agreement.

56.
57. In the event any of the provisions of this Interim Approval Order are

modified, amended or vacated by a subsequent order of this Court or any other court, Agent shall

be entitled to the protections provided in section 363(m) of the Bankruptcy Code, and no such

33769091.1
33769091.2

25

=== page 113 ===
Case 25-12055-BLS    Doc 38    Filed 11/18/25    Page 113 of 113

appeal, modification, amendment, or vacatur shall affect the validity and enforceability of the

Interim Sale under the Agency Agreement or this Interim Approval Order.

57.
58. In the event of any conflict between the Interim Approval Order, the

Sale Guidelines, the Agency Agreement, and any Side Letter with any landlord, the terms of such

Side Letter shall control to govern the conduct of the sales at the Premises.  To the extent there is

a conflict between either the Sale Guidelines, the Agency Agreement, or the Side Letter on the

one hand, and this Interim Approval Order, this Interim Approval Order shall control.

33769091.1
33769091.2

26

