=== page 1 ===
 
IN THE UNITED STATES BANKRUPTCY COURT 
FOR THE DISTRICT OF DELAWARE 
In re: 
Finch Therapeutics Group, Inc., et al.,1 
Debtors. 
Chapter 11 
Case No. 26-10409 (XXX)  
 
(Joint Administration Requested) 
 
DECLARATION OF MATTHEW P. BLISCHAK, CHIEF EXECUTIVE  
OFFICER, SECRETARY, AND PRESIDENT OF THE DEBTORS, IN SUPPORT OF  
THE DEBTORS’ CHAPTER 11 PETITIONS AND FIRST DAY PLEADINGS 
 
I, Matthew P. Blischak, hereby declare under penalty of perjury to the best of my 
knowledge, information, and belief:  
1. 
I am the Chief Executive Officer (“CEO”) and Secretary of Finch Therapeutics 
Group, Inc., a corporation organized under the laws of Delaware (“FTG”), and the President and 
Secretary of Finch Therapeutics, Inc., a corporation organized under the laws of Delaware (“FTI”), 
Finch Therapeutics Holdings LLC, a limited liability company organized under the laws of 
Delaware (“Holdings”), and Finch Research and Development LLC, a limited liability company 
organized under the laws of Delaware (“FRD”), the above-captioned debtors and debtors in 
possession (collectively, the “Debtors”).  On the date hereof (the “Petition Date”), each Debtor 
filed a voluntary petition in the United States Bankruptcy Court for the District of Delaware 
(the “Court”) for relief under chapter 11 of title 11 of the United States Code (the “Bankruptcy 
Code”). 
 
1  
The Debtors in these chapter 11 cases, along with the last four digits of each Debtor’s federal tax identification 
number are:  Finch Therapeutics Group, Inc. (3558); Finch Therapeutics, Inc. (3711); Finch Therapeutics 
Holdings LLC (0727); and Finch Research and Development LLC (9205).  The Debtors’ service address is 75 
State Street, Suite 100, Boston, MA 02109.  
Case 26-10409-LSS    Doc 9    Filed 03/22/26    Page 1 of 16

=== page 2 ===
2 
2. 
I have served as President or CEO and Secretary, as applicable, of the Debtors since 
May 2023.  I hold a Bachelor of Science in Chemical Engineering from Case-Western Reserve 
University, a Master of Science in Biotechnology from Johns Hopkins University, and a Juris 
Doctorate from The American University Washington College of Law.  I have more than twenty 
years of experience as an executive in the life sciences industry where I have been involved in 
significant patent litigation, licensing, acquisition, and collaboration matters. 
3. 
In my capacity as CEO and President of the Debtors, I am generally familiar with 
the Debtors’ day-to-day operations, business and financial affairs, and books and records.  I submit 
this declaration (this “Declaration”) (a) to assist the Court and parties in interest in understanding 
the corporate history of the Debtors (collectively, “Finch” or the “Company”), the Debtors’ 
business operations, and the circumstances and events leading to the commencement of these 
chapter 11 cases, and (b) in support of the Debtors’ chapter 11 petitions and first day motions filed 
contemporaneously herewith, which seek relief intended to avoid immediate and irreparable harm 
to the Debtors’ estates and to preserve their value.  The first day motions also seek certain 
procedural relief that will facilitate the Debtors’ orderly transition into chapter 11. 
4. 
Except as otherwise indicated, all facts set forth in this Declaration are based upon 
my personal knowledge, my discussions with the Debtors’ advisors, my review of relevant 
documents and information concerning the Debtors’ operations and financial affairs, or my 
opinions based upon my experience and knowledge and information I have reviewed or obtained 
from the Debtors.  The statements in this Declaration are accurate and correct to the best of my 
knowledge, information, and belief.  If called upon as a witness, I could and would testify 
competently to the facts set forth in this Declaration as set forth herein. 
Case 26-10409-LSS    Doc 9    Filed 03/22/26    Page 2 of 16

=== page 3 ===
3 
PRELIMINARY STATEMENT 
5. 
Founded in 2014, Finch was an early pioneer in the field of microbiome 
therapeutics, seeking to develop technology to restore microbiomes in the human body, which, in 
turn, would directly address the underlying causes of many diseases driven by such microbiome 
imbalances.  Finch’s intellectual property portfolio includes over 160 U.S. and foreign patents and 
pending patent applications that are either owned by or exclusively licensed to the Company, 
encompassing both donor-derived and donor-independent microbiome therapeutics in a range of 
potential utilizations.  These patents are designed to target diseases linked to microbiome 
imbalances, including, for example, ulcerative colitis, Crohn’s disease, and autism spectrum 
disorder.   
6. 
In January 2023, Finch announced its decision to discontinue its Phase III trial of 
CP101—an investigational, orally administered microbiome candidate designed for the treatment 
of recurrent Clostridioides difficile (commonly referred to as C. diff) (“CDI”)—and to focus its 
business on realizing the value of the Company’s intellectual portfolio through licensing 
partnerships and patent enforcement.  Finch wound down its development efforts following the 
discontinuation of the CP101 trial.   
7. 
As of the Petition Date, the Debtors are non-operating entities, and I am the 
Debtors’ only remaining full-time employee.  The Company has no consistent revenue sources 
and has never generated any positive cash flow.  Its primary assets are its intellectual property 
portfolio, its library of existing research, and its contingent right to proceeds from a more than 
$25.0 million jury verdict entered in the Debtors’ favor in August of 2024 against Ferring 
Pharmaceuticals Inc. and Rebiotix Inc., which verdict remains subject to post-trial motions and 
potential appeals. 
Case 26-10409-LSS    Doc 9    Filed 03/22/26    Page 3 of 16

=== page 4 ===
4 
8. 
The Debtors filed these chapter 11 cases to maximize the value of their remaining 
assets for the benefit of all parties in interest through a marketing process and sale transaction 
pursuant to section 363 of the Bankruptcy Code (a “363 Sale”).  Substantially contemporaneously 
herewith, the Debtors are filing a motion with this Court seeking approval of proposed bidding 
procedures to govern the 363 Sale process.  
BACKGROUND 
9. 
To assist the Court and parties in interest in understanding the Company’s business 
and the relief the Debtors are seeking in the first day motions, this Declaration is organized as 
follows: 
• Part I provides a general overview of the Company’s corporate history and business 
operations;  
• Part II describes the Debtors’ pre-petition capital structure;  
• Part III describes the circumstances leading to the filing of these chapter 11 cases; and 
• Part IV discusses the first day motions. 
I. 
CORPORATE HISTORY AND BUSINESS OPERATIONS 
A. 
The Company’s Corporate History 
10. 
FTI was founded in 2014 (originally as Finch Scientific, Inc.) to harness the 
genomic revolution and machine learning to pioneer microbiome therapeutics.  In September 2017, 
FTI merged with Crestovo Holdings, LLC (“Crestovo”), combining FTI’s and Crestovo’s 
respective microbiome platforms.  As a result of this merger, FTG was formed, and FTI and 
Crestovo became wholly owned subsidiaries of FTG.  In November 2020, Crestovo was renamed 
Holdings.  As of the Petition Date, FTG is the sole stockholder of FTI and the sole member of 
Holdings.  Holdings is the sole member of FRD.  A chart showing Finch’s organizational structure 
is provided below: 
Case 26-10409-LSS    Doc 9    Filed 03/22/26    Page 4 of 16

=== page 5 ===
5 
 
B. 
The Company’s Historical and Current Business Operations  
11. 
At its inception, Finch was created to harness the extraordinary potential of 
microbiome therapeutics to heal myriad diseases caused by microbiome imbalances plaguing 
countless individuals.  A microbiome consists of trillions of microbes that live symbiotically in 
and on every human.  By evolving together over millions of years, microbes and humans have 
developed an intricate and mutually beneficial relationship.  The microbiome is fundamentally 
intertwined with many aspects of human physiology, ranging from immune and metabolic 
functions to neurological function and reproductive health.  Disruption to the microbiome found 
in the human gut—where more than 70% of the body’s immune cells are located—is associated 
with a larger number of diseases that have dramatically increased in prevalence among populations 
in developed countries over the past century.  Microbiome losses and disruption can increase a 
person’s susceptibility to immune disorders, infections, neurological conditions, cancer, and other 
Case 26-10409-LSS    Doc 9    Filed 03/22/26    Page 5 of 16

=== page 6 ===
6 
serious diseases.  The goal of microbiome therapeutics is to restore the harmonious microbiome-
human relationship, which in turn addresses the underlying causes of many diseases driven by 
disruption of the microbiome.  
12. 
Over the years, Finch worked on the development of multiple microbiome 
therapeutics focused primary on the concept of fecal microbiota transplantation (“FMT”) between 
a healthy donor and a recipient to restore a balanced gut microbiome in the recipient.  The FMT 
process can, among other things, (a) restore balance by introducing thousands of beneficial 
microorganisms, (b) restore the metabolism of bile acids that inhibit unhealthy bacterial growth, 
and (c) otherwise stabilize an individual’s microbial ecosystem. 
13. 
Microbiome therapeutics developed by Finch include: (a) FIN-524, designed for 
the prevention, diagnosis, theragnosis or treatment of diseases in humans, including ulcerative 
colitis; (b) FIN-525, for the treatment of Crohn’s disease; (c) FIN-211, an investigational 
microbiome candidate designed to address the gastrointestinal and behavioral symptoms of autism 
spectrum disorder; and (d) CP101, an orally administered complete microbiome therapeutic 
designed for the treatment of recurrent CDI infections.  CDI remains one of the most common 
healthcare-associated infections, with more than 400,000 infections annually in the U.S. alone. 
14. 
The Company completed two successful clinical trials for CP101, and development 
of CP101 reached the Phase III trial stage, the final stage before a company can request approval 
from the Food and Drug Administration to market a new drug.  Unfortunately, multiple factors—
including the Company’s inability to secure additional capital or partnerships to help fund the 
CP101 program through important milestones, slower than anticipated enrollment of participants 
in the Phase III trial, the harmful impact of ongoing unauthorized use of Finch’s intellectual 
property (see Part III.A Unresolved Patent Litigation, infra), and broader sector-wide trends—
Case 26-10409-LSS    Doc 9    Filed 03/22/26    Page 6 of 16

=== page 7 ===
7 
together caused Finch to be unable to continue its pursuit of developing CP101 in recurrent CDI.  
On January 24, 2023, Finch announced its decision to discontinue its Phase III trial of CP101.  As 
a result of this difficult decision, Finch wound down its development efforts and significantly 
scaled back its expenses, including by terminating vendor contracts and reducing its headcount to 
one full-time employee (me).  
15. 
Following the discontinuation of the development of CP101, Finch shifted its focus 
on realizing the value of its intellectual property and other assets through licensing its technology 
to collaboration partners, enforcing its patent rights against infringing parties and, in certain cases, 
generating additional data on selected product candidates through academic collaborations.  In its 
pursuit of developing life transforming microbiome therapeutics over the years, Finch amassed a 
robust intellectual property portfolio, including over 160 U.S. and foreign patents and pending 
patent applications that are either owned by or exclusively licensed to Finch.  Nearly 100 of those 
patents are directly owned by Finch with the remainder exclusively licensed from strategic 
partners, including academic institutions.  The patents owned by or licensed to Finch have broad 
applicability of specific inventions across the microbiome field.  Many of these patents and patent 
applications originate from patent families that embody pioneering work in the field of microbiome 
therapeutics. 
II. 
THE DEBTORS’ PREPETITION CORPORATE AND CAPITAL STRUCTURE 
16. 
FTG is owned by its shareholders.  FTG’s common stock traded on the Nasdaq 
Global Select Market (“Nasdaq GSM”) under the ticker symbol “FNCH” while the Company was 
actively researching and developing products.  On February 16, 2024, however, Finch received a 
letter from the Listing Qualifications Department of The Nasdaq Stock Market LLC (“Nasdaq”) 
informing Finch that FTG’s common stock would be delisted from the Nasdaq GSM.  Following 
Case 26-10409-LSS    Doc 9    Filed 03/22/26    Page 7 of 16

=== page 8 ===
8 
the delisting from the Nasdaq GSM, FTG’s common stock began trading on over-the-counter 
markets operated by OTC Markets Group Inc. 
17. 
In January 2023, Finch paid off all outstanding principal, accrued, and unpaid 
interest, fees, costs and expenses, equal to $16.2 million in the aggregate, under its then-existing 
Loan and Security Agreement, dated as of May 11, 2022, with Hercules Capital, Inc., as lender.  
All of Finch’s obligations, covenants, debts and liabilities under the Loan and Security Agreement 
have been satisfied, and Finch has no other funded indebtedness under any other loan instrument 
as of the Petition Date.  
18. 
As of the Petition Date, the Debtors have approximately $3.5 million of cash on 
hand, which they will utilize to fund these cases.  The Debtors have no lines of credit, and they are 
not seeking debtor-in-possession financing. 
III. 
EVENTS LEADING TO THESE CHAPTER 11 CASES 
19. 
These chapter 11 cases are being filed because of a number of issues and events 
that have affected the Debtors’ performance and available liquidity in recent years.  Accordingly, 
the Debtors have determined that seeking relief pursuant to chapter 11 of the Bankruptcy Code 
and continuing their efforts to implement a value-maximizing transaction in chapter 11 provides 
the best alternative for the Debtors and their stakeholders. 
A. 
Unresolved Patent Litigation  
20. 
On December 1, 2021, Ferring Pharmaceuticals Inc. and Rebiotix Inc. (together, 
“Ferring”) filed a complaint against the Debtors in the United States District Court for the District 
of Delaware (the “District Court”), initiating the case Ferring Pharmaceuticals Inc. et al. v. Finch 
Therapeutics Group, Inc. et al., Case No. 21-1694-JLH (D. Del.) (the “Patent Litigation”).  In its 
complaint, Ferring sought a declaratory judgment that Ferring had not infringed the Debtors’ 
patent rights with respect to certain U.S. patents, and that such patents were invalid.  The Debtors, 
Case 26-10409-LSS    Doc 9    Filed 03/22/26    Page 8 of 16

=== page 9 ===
9 
along with the Regents of the University of Minnesota (“UMN”),2 filed multiple answers and 
counterclaims against Ferring, alleging that Ferring had infringed certain of the Debtors’ and 
UMN’s patent rights, including infringement of U.S. Patents owned by UMN and exclusively 
licensed to the Debtors, relating to fecal microbiota transplant technology and related methods.  
By the time of trial, the parties had narrowed the issues to a subset of asserted patent claims from 
two Finch-owned patents and one patent exclusively licensed to Finch from UMN. 
21. 
For several years, the Debtors dedicated a significant amount of their financial and 
management resources to pursuing and managing the Patent Litigation.  On August 9, 2024, after 
a five-day trial, a jury rendered a verdict in favor of Finch and UMN, determining that Ferring 
infringed all three patents at issue, and awarded Finch and UMN damages in the amount of $25.0 
million and $815,061 in compensatory royalties for commercial sales of a particular microbiome-
based therapy marketed by Ferring through the date of the trial.   
22. 
More than 18 months have passed since the jury verdict and the Debtors have yet 
to receive any proceeds from the Patent Litigation.  Following the jury verdict, both sides filed 
post-trial motions.  Ferring asked the District Court to issue a Judgment as a Matter of Law in its 
favor, and the Debtors and UMN requested enhanced damages, supplemental damages, ongoing 
royalty payments, and pre- and post-judgment interest.  The parties completed their briefing on 
post-trial motions by the end of 2024, but the District Court has yet to issue any ruling on those 
post-trial motions.  Given their cash position, the Debtors have simply run out of time to await the 
District Court’s decision and to litigate any appeals that will likely follow.  Instead, the Debtors 
seek to monetize any proceeds from the litigation and the Debtors’ intellectual property portfolio 
for distribution to stakeholders. 
 
2  
UMN is the owner of certain patents at issue in the Patent Litigation and exclusively licenses such patents to the 
Debtors pursuant to an Exclusive License Agreement, dated as of January 28, 2022 (as amended).  
Case 26-10409-LSS    Doc 9    Filed 03/22/26    Page 9 of 16

=== page 10 ===
10 
B. 
Lease Obligations 
23. 
On August 3, 2021, FTI, as tenant, entered into a lease agreement (the “Lease”) 
with Hood Park, LLC (“Hood Park”), as landlord, for approximately 61,139 square feet of office 
space in the Charlestown neighborhood of Boston, Massachusetts (the “Leased Premises”).  The 
Lease contains an initial 10-year term and is set to expire on December 31, 2031.  Fixed rent for 
the entire 10-year term totals approximately $51.6 million, with the initial annual base rent for the 
Leased Premised totaling approximately $4.5 million.  The Lease also requires Finch to pay 
additional rent for things such as taxes, operating expenses, and utilities (electricity, gas, water, 
and sewer). 
24. 
Finch initially sought to use the Leased Premises for office and laboratory space, 
but ultimately did not need the Leased Premises for this or any other purpose.  Since entering into 
the Lease, Finch has not used the Leased Premises to conduct any business, research, development, 
or other operations.    
25. 
To reduce costs, on July 15, 2022, the Finch and Galy Co. (“Galy”) entered into a 
sublease with respect to approximately one-third of the Leased Premises, and on October 31, 2022, 
the Company and Genetix Biotherapeutics, Inc. (f/k/a Bluebird Bio, Inc.) (“Genetix”) entered into 
a sublease for the remaining portion of the Leased Premises (together, the “Subleases”).  The 
Subleases partially offset the Debtors’ payment obligations under the Lease for a brief period of 
time, but the Subleases expired by their terms prior to the Petition Date and the Debtors are no 
longer receiving proceeds from the Subleases to offset their payment obligations under the Lease.  
Galy ceased operating out of the Leased Premises in or around October 2025, and Genetix ceased 
operating out of the Leased Premises in or around December 2025.  Prior to entry into the 
Subleases, the costs of the Lease—for space that Finch does not need and has never used—were 
borne solely on the Company.  The Debtors stopped paying rent under the Lease in October 2025.  
Case 26-10409-LSS    Doc 9    Filed 03/22/26    Page 10 of 16

=== page 11 ===
11 
Hood Park delivered a notice of default to the Debtors on November 10, 2025, but has not yet 
taken any further action. 
26. 
The Leased Premises were not directly occupied by the Debtors prepetition, are not 
necessary for any of the Debtors’ business operations and provide no benefit to the Debtors or their 
estates.  The Lease is burdensome and any ongoing costs associated therewith would constitute a 
waste of estate resources.  Accordingly, to preserve value for all stakeholders, the Debtors are 
filing a motion at the outset of these chapter 11 cases seeking to reject the Lease.   
C. 
 Prepetition Monetization Efforts 
27. 
As noted above, because of funding and other challenges, Finch made the difficult 
decision in January 2023 to discontinue the Phase III trial for CP101 that was in progress.  Finch 
then wound down its development efforts and significantly reduced employee headcount from 
more than 150 full-time employees to a single remaining full-time employee. 
28. 
In the fall of 2025, Finch engaged Ropes & Gray LLP (“Ropes”) to provide advice 
regarding restructuring and go-forward options.  Around that same time, FTG appointed Stephen 
McCall to serve as an independent director to oversee the Company’s efforts.  Around such time, 
Finch began negotiations with Hood Park in the hopes of reaching a consensual resolution for an 
early termination of the Lease.   
29. 
As these negotiations continued, Finch’s financial position continued to worsen.  
Finch had no consistent revenue stream and was incurring mounting operating costs, with no 
proceeds of the Patent Litigation flowing to the Company due to the post-trial motion practice and 
likelihood of additional appeals.  Due to the ongoing cash drain on Finch, its inability to generate 
cash flow, and an inability of Finch and Hood Park to agree on the terms of a settlement, Finch 
began to explore strategic alternatives to address its go-forward liquidity position. 
Case 26-10409-LSS    Doc 9    Filed 03/22/26    Page 11 of 16

=== page 12 ===
12 
30. 
The Debtors evaluated their restructuring options and determined that an out-of-
court transaction, which would require shareholder approval, was not feasible considering the 
Debtors’ limited liquidity.  The Debtors need an efficient, cost-effective process to realize 
maximum value on their assets for the benefit of their stakeholders.  Accordingly, the Debtors 
ultimately determined that the best way to maximize value for all stakeholders would be through 
a sale process in chapter 11 involving the Debtors’ remaining assets.  Such assets include (a) the 
Debtors’ intellectual property portfolio consisting of over 160 issued patents and pending patent 
applications that are either owned by or exclusively licensed to Finch, encompassing both donor-
derived and donor-independent microbiome therapeutics, together with any proceeds from actions 
to enforce such intellectual property rights, including but not limited to the Patent Litigation, and 
(b) a proprietary strain library consisting of microbial strains isolated by the Company, together 
with associated research data.  
31. 
In the weeks leading up to the Petition Date, Finch engaged Rock Creek Advisors, 
LLC (“Rock Creek”) to serve as their sales agent in connection with the marketing and sale of the 
Debtors’ assets.  Rock Creek has substantial experience in marketing the type of assets owned by 
the Debtors, including intellectual property rights for life sciences and litigation rights.  Lastly, in 
February 2026, Finch engaged Chipman Brown Cicero & Cole, LLP (“Chipman”) to serve as co-
counsel, along with Ropes, to assist the Debtors in navigating through these chapter 11 cases in an 
expeditious manner. 
32. 
Through these chapter 11 cases, the Debtors, with the assistance of Rock Creek and 
the Debtors’ other advisors, are seeking to conduct a marketing and sale process with respect to 
the Company’s assets and ultimately consummate a sale transaction with the bidder submitting the 
highest or otherwise best offer for such assets.  The Debtors are not presently seeking approval of 
Case 26-10409-LSS    Doc 9    Filed 03/22/26    Page 12 of 16

=== page 13 ===
13 
any postpetition financing and intend to utilize the Debtors’ remaining cash on hand to facilitate 
the sale and chapter 11 process.  The Debtors’ liquidity is limited, however, so I believe an 
efficient, expeditious sale process is reasonable under the circumstances and will maximize value 
for the estates and all stakeholders. 
33. 
Since its engagement, Rock Creek has been working with the Debtors to gather 
diligence for a virtual data room, prepare its marketing materials, and compile a list of potentially 
interested parties, and is now actively seeking stalking horse bids to serve as a floor price for other 
potential bidders.  I believe that the chapter 11 cases and marketing and sale process will enable 
the Debtors to obtain a value maximizing sale transaction that is in the best interest of the Debtors 
and their stakeholders. 
IV. 
FIRST DAY MOTIONS AND RELATED RELIEF REQUESTED 
34. 
In connection with the filing of these chapter 11 petitions, the Debtors filed the 
below-listed motions (collectively, the “First Day Motions”) requesting relief that the Debtors 
believe is necessary to enable them to administer their estates with minimal disruption and loss of 
value during these chapter 11 cases.  The facts set forth in each of the First Day Motions are 
incorporated herein in their entirety.3   
(i) 
Administrative Motions: 
(1) 
Joint Administration Motion.  Debtors’ Motion for Entry of an 
Order (I) Directing Joint Administration of Related Chapter 11 
Cases and (II) Granting Related Relief; 
(2) 
Omni Application.  Application of Debtors for Entry of an Order 
Authorizing and Approving the Appointment of Omni Agent 
Solutions, Inc. as Claims and Noticing Agent and Granting Related 
Relief; and 
 
3 
Capitalized terms used in this section but not otherwise defined herein shall have the meanings ascribed to them 
in the respective First Day Motions.  
Case 26-10409-LSS    Doc 9    Filed 03/22/26    Page 13 of 16

=== page 14 ===
14 
(3) 
Creditor Matrix Motion.  Motion of Debtors for Entry of an Order 
(I) Authorizing Debtors to (A) File a Consolidated List of Creditors 
in Lieu of Submitting a Separate Mailing Matrix for Each Debtor; 
(B) File a Consolifated List of Top Twenty (20) Largest Unsecured 
Creditors; and (C) Redact Certain Personal Identification 
Information of Natural Persons, (II) Modifying the Requirement to 
File a List of All Equity Holders; and (III) Granting Related Relief. 
(ii) 
Operational Motions: 
(4) 
Cash Management Motion.  Debtors’ Motion for Entry of Interim 
and Final Orders (I) Authorizing Debtors to (A) Continue to 
Operate Their Cash Management System, (B) Honor Certain 
Prepetition Obligations Related Thereto, and (C) Maintain Existing 
Business Forms, and (II) Granting Related Relief; 
(5) 
Insurance Motion.  Debtors’ Motion for Entry of Interim and Final 
Orders (I) Authorizing Debtors To (A) Maintain Existing Insurance 
Policies and Pay All Insurance Obligations Arising Thereunder, 
and (B) Renew, Supplement, Modify, or Purchase Insurance 
Coverage; and (II) Granting Related Relief; and 
(6) 
Taxes Motion.  Debtors’ Motion for Entry of Interim and Final 
Orders Authorizing Debtors to Pay Certain Prepetition Taxes and 
Related Obligations. 
35. 
The First Day Motions request authority to, among other things, pay claims of 
certain taxing authorities and continue the Debtors’ cash management system and other operations 
in the ordinary course of business to ensure minimal disruption of the Debtors’ operations during 
these chapter 11 cases.  For the avoidance of doubt, the Debtors request authority, but not direction, 
to pay amounts or satisfy obligations with respect to the relief requested in the First Day Motions. 
36. 
The Debtors have tailored their requests for immediate relief to those circumstances 
in which the failure to receive such relief would cause immediate and irreparable harm to the 
Debtors and their estates.  I believe an orderly transition into chapter 11 is critical to the viability 
of the Debtors’ operations and that any delay in granting the relief described below could hinder 
the Debtors’ operations and cause irreparable harm.  Other requests for relief will be deferred for 
consideration at a later hearing.  
Case 26-10409-LSS    Doc 9    Filed 03/22/26    Page 14 of 16

=== page 15 ===
15 
37. 
I have reviewed each of the First Day Motions and am familiar with the content and 
substance contained therein.  The facts set forth in each First Day Motion are true and correct to 
the best of my knowledge and belief with appropriate reliance on advisors and I can attest to such 
facts.  I believe the relief requested in each of the First Day Motions listed above (a) is critical to 
ensure the maximization of value of the Debtors’ estates, (b) is essential to achieving a successful 
outcome in these chapter 11 cases, and (d) serves the best interests of the Debtors’ estates and 
stakeholders. 
38. 
The Debtors are also filing at the outset of these chapter 11 cases (a) a motion 
seeking to reject the Lease (a “Lease Rejection Motion”) and (b) a motion seeking approval of, 
among other things, marketing and bidding procedures in connection with a sale of substantially 
all of the Debtors’ assets and, following the selection of a successful bidder, a sale of substantially 
all of the Debtors’ assets (a “Bidding Procedures Motion”).  I believe that the relief sought in the 
Lease Rejection Motion and Bidding Procedures Motion is appropriate under the circumstances 
and in the best interest of the Debtors’ estates.  
CONCLUSION 
39. 
The Debtors’ ultimate goal in these chapter 11 cases is to achieve a 
value-maximizing result for the Debtors’ stakeholders through the sale or other transaction 
involving the Debtors’ assets.  I believe that if the Court grants the relief requested by the First 
Day Motions, the prospect for achieving these objectives will be substantially enhanced.   
 
 [Remainder of Page Left Intentionally Blank] 
 
Case 26-10409-LSS    Doc 9    Filed 03/22/26    Page 15 of 16

=== page 16 ===
16 
Pursuant to 28 U.S.C. § 1746, I declare under penalty of perjury that the foregoing 
statements are true and correct to the best of my knowledge, information, and belief. 
Dated: March 22, 2026 
/s/ Matthew P. Blischak 
Matthew P. Blischak  
Chief Executive Officer and Secretary, Finch 
Therapeutics Group, Inc. 
President and Secretary, Finch Therapeutics, 
Inc.  
President and Secretary, Finch Therapeutics 
Holdings LLC 
President and Secretary, Finch Research and 
Development LLC 
 
Case 26-10409-LSS    Doc 9    Filed 03/22/26    Page 16 of 16

