=== page 1 ===
 
www.okinadams.com 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
March 14, 2025 
 
Jerod Furr 
Alliance Farm and Ranch, LLC 
5450 Honea Egypt Rd. 
Montgomery, Texas 77316 
 
Re: 
Terms of Engagement 
Dear Mr. Furr: 
 
I am pleased to confirm Okin Adams Bartlett Curry, LLP’s (the “Firm”) engagement to act as counsel 
to Alliance Farm and Ranch, LLC (the “Company”) in connection with the restructuring of its debts 
and its pending bankruptcy case at Case No. 25-30155. We appreciate your confidence in us, and we 
look forward to working with you on this matter. 
You have sought the Firm’s advice with regard to the benefits of a converting the present chapter 7 
case to chapter 11. The Firm will advise management on the risks and benefits of such actions and 
any reasonable alternatives. Further, we will assist you when requested in discussions with your 
creditors regarding such a filing. We will also advise you with regard to: (1) determination of the 
extent of property of the bankruptcy estate; (2) consultation with management regarding strategies 
relating to the ongoing bankruptcy case; (3) the filing of a motion to convert the chapter 7 case to 
chapter 11 and required schedules and statements; and (4) all matters before the bankruptcy court 
in connection with the Company’s chapter 11 case. Unless explicitly set forth in a subsequent 
written engagement agreement or written amendment to this agreement, the Firm’s engagement by 
the Company shall include only those matters specifically included above. 
At the beginning of our representation of a client, it is our policy to describe the manner in which 
we will bill for legal services and disbursements. A clear understanding of those matters helps to 
maintain a harmonious professional relationship. I encourage you to consider the matters set forth 
in this letter carefully and to raise with me any questions that you may have now or later about its 
contents. 
Our Firm will bill the Company for services rendered on an hourly basis. I will be the attorney at the 
Firm primarily responsible for handling this matter. The Firm charges for my services at a rate of 
$550 per hour and for other lawyers in the Firm at rates between $415 and $825 per hour. Hourly 
rates for paralegals and other support staff range up to $175 per hour. The Firm may change these 
rates in the future, in which case the new rates will apply to work done after your receipt of written 
notice from the Firm of those rate changes. In addition, expenses advanced on your behalf or 
Timothy L. Wentworth 
Okin Adams Bartlett Curry LLP  
1113 Vine Street, Suite 240 
Houston, TX 77002 
Ph • 713.228.4100 
Fx • 346.247.7158 
twentworth@okinadams.com 
 
Case 25-30155   Document 83-2   Filed in TXSB on 05/16/25   Page 1 of 7

=== page 2 ===
 
4937-1138-8712, v. 2 
internal charges for administrative services are added to the statement rendered for the month in 
which such expenses or charges are recorded in the billing system. 
The Firm’s standard practice is to require a retainer prior to beginning work on an engagement. 
Thus, as a preliminary matter, we will require a retainer from you of $25,000 (the “Retainer”).  The 
Retainer may be sent to us via check or wire transfer pursuant to the following instructions: 
Bank Name:  
Frost National Bank 
Address: 
 
P.O. Box 1315 
Houston, TX 77251 
Routing # 
 
114000093 
Acct. Name:  
Okin & Adams LLP IOLTA Account 
Acct # 
 
502270617 
 
We will deposit the Retainer in the Firm’s client trust account where it will remain until it is 
applied to outstanding fees and expenses periodically as allowed by applicable bankruptcy law and 
rules. 
Our standard practice is to bill on a monthly basis for fees and expenses incurred in the prior month. 
This allows our clients to monitor both current and cumulative fees and expenses. We will only 
apply the Retainer towards payment of a statement in the following circumstances: (i) at the 
conclusion of our representation, (ii) immediately prior to filing a bankruptcy case, or (iii) if a 
statement remains outstanding for more than 60 days.  If timely payment of an invoice is not made, 
especially if we have to apply the Retainer to outstanding statements, the Firm may suspend or 
terminate any work in progress.  We may also choose to withdraw from this representation entirely 
and will do so in a manner consistent with applicable ethical standards.  Before we file a bankruptcy 
petition on the Company’s behalf, we will require you to pay all outstanding invoices and replenish 
the Retainer to the full amount required above.  Until this is done, we cannot file a bankruptcy 
petition.  After a bankruptcy filing, payment of monthly invoices will be subject to court approval 
and will be due from you within 10 days of such court approval. 
Attached to this letter is a Statement of Firm Policies (the “Statement”) that will apply to this 
representation, provided that to the extent of a conflict between the terms of the Statement and the 
terms of this letter, the terms of this letter shall control. Please review these policies and let me 
know if you have any questions concerning them. If the terms described above and in the attached 
Statement of Firm Policies are satisfactory to you, please so indicate by signing the enclosed copy of 
this letter and returning the signed copy. 
Sincerely, 
Timothy L. Wentworth 
Timothy L. Wentworth 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Case 25-30155   Document 83-2   Filed in TXSB on 05/16/25   Page 2 of 7

=== page 3 ===
 
4937-1138-8712, v. 2 
THE STATE BAR OF TEXAS INVESTIGATES AND PROSECUTES PROFESSIONAL 
MISCONDUCT COMMITTED BY TEXAS ATTORNEYS. ALTHOUGH NOT EVERY 
COMPLAINT AGAINST OR DISPUTE WITH A LAWYER INVOLVES PROFESSIONAL 
MISCONDUCT, THE STATE BAR’S OFFICE OF GENERAL COUNSEL WILL PROVIDE YOU 
WITH INFORMATION ABOUT HOW TO FILE A COMPLAINT. PLEASE CALL 1-800-932-
1900 TOLL-FREE FOR MORE INFORMATION. 
 
AGREED: 
ALLIANCE FARM AND RANCH, LLC 
By: 
____________________________________________  
Name: Jerod Furr  
Title: _______________________ 
Date:  _______________________, 2025.
President
03/14
Case 25-30155   Document 83-2   Filed in TXSB on 05/16/25   Page 3 of 7

=== page 4 ===
 
www.okinadams.com 
STATEMENT OF FIRM POLICIES 
We appreciate your decision to retain Okin Adams Bartlett Curry LLP (the “Firm”) as 
your legal counsel and look forward to developing our relationship with you in the course of this 
representation.  Our engagement is limited to the matter identified in the engagement letter to 
which this Statement of Firm Policies is attached.  Except as may be modified by the 
accompanying engagement letter, the following summarizes our billing practices and certain 
other terms that will apply to this engagement. 
1. Determination of Fees 
When establishing fees for services that we render, the Firm is guided primarily by the 
time and labor required, although it also considers other appropriate factors, such as the novelty 
and difficulty of the legal issues involved; the legal skill required to perform the particular 
assignment; time-saving use of resources (including research, analysis, data and documentation) 
that have previously been developed and stored electronically or otherwise in quickly retrievable 
form; the fee customarily charged by comparable firms for similar legal services; the amount of 
money involved or at risk and the results obtained; and the time constraints imposed by either 
the client or the circumstances.  The Firm generally requires a retainer in an amount which is 
appropriate with respect to the proposed representation.  Unless otherwise agreed, the retainer 
will be applied to statements rendered in connection with the representation, with any unused 
portion being returned to the client. 
The time for which a client will be charged will include, but will not be limited to, 
telephone and office conferences between client and counsel, witnesses, consultants, court 
personnel and others; conferences among legal personnel; factual investigation; legal research; 
responding to clients’ requests for the Firm to provide information to their auditors in 
connection with reviews or audits of financial invoices; drafting of agreements, contracts, 
letters, pleadings, briefs and other documents; travel time; waiting time in court; and time in 
depositions and other discovery proceedings.   
2. Expenses 
In addition to legal fees, the Firm’s statements will include out-of-pocket expenses that 
have been advanced on behalf of the client.  Advanced costs generally will include such items as 
travel expenses and fees for postage, long distance charges, filing, recording, certification, 
registration, and the like.  The Firm may request an advance cost deposit (in addition to the 
retainer) when we expect that we will be required to incur substantial costs on behalf of the 
client. 
During the course of the representation, it may be appropriate or necessary to hire third 
parties to provide services on your behalf.  These services may include such things as consulting 
or testifying experts, investigators, providers of computerized litigation support, court 
reporters, providers of filing services and searches of governmental records and filings, and local 
counsel.  Because of the legal “work product” protection afforded to services that an attorney 
requests from third parties, in certain situations, the Firm may assume responsibility for 
retaining the appropriate service providers.  If we do so, the client will be responsible for paying 
all fees and expenses directly to the service providers or reimbursing the Firm for these costs. 
Case 25-30155   Document 83-2   Filed in TXSB on 05/16/25   Page 4 of 7

=== page 5 ===
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
www.okinadams.com 
2 
 
4937-1138-8712, v. 2 
3. Billings 
The Firm bills monthly throughout the engagement for a particular matter, and monthly 
statements are due within ten days after your receipt thereof.  In instances in which the Firm 
represents more than one person with respect to a matter, each person that we represent is 
jointly and severally liable for fees with respect to the representation.  Our statements contain a 
concise summary of each matter for which legal services were rendered and a fee was charged. 
We invite our clients to discuss freely with us any questions that they have concerning a 
fee charged for any matter.  We want our clients to be satisfied with both the quality of the 
services and the reasonableness of the fees charged for those services.  We will attempt to 
provide as much billing information as the client requires and in such customary form that it 
desires, and are willing to discuss with clients any of the various billing formats available that 
best suits their needs. 
If any monthly statement is not paid within 60 days after the original statement date, the 
Firm reserves the right to discontinue services on all pending matters for you until all of your 
accounts have been brought current.  Additionally, if any statement is not paid within 60 days 
from the date of the original statement, the Firm may, by written notice to you on a subsequent 
statement or otherwise, declare the overdue account to be delinquent.  We have no obligation to 
declare any account delinquent.  If we declare an account to be delinquent, the amount owing on 
that account will accrue interest at a rate equal to one percent (1%) per month (a 12% annual 
percentage rate) from the date of our delinquency notice to you until the balance is paid in full, 
but in no event shall such rate exceed the maximum rate permitted by applicable law.  Any 
payments made on past due statements are applied first to interest, if any, and then to the 
account balance, beginning with the oldest outstanding statement.  In addition, we are entitled 
to attorneys’ fees and costs if collection activities are necessary. 
4. Scope of Engagement 
The Firm will provide services of a strictly legal nature of the kind generally described in 
the engagement letter that accompanies this attachment.  It is understood that you are not 
relying on us for business, investment, or accounting decisions, or to investigate the character or 
credit of persons with whom you may be dealing, or to advise you about changes in the law that 
might affect you unless otherwise specified in the letter.  We will keep you advised of 
developments as necessary to perform our services and will consult with you as necessary to 
ensure the timely, effective, and efficient completion of our work.   
5. Necessary Information 
It is anticipated that you and any other entities affiliated with you will furnish us 
promptly with all information that we deem to be required to perform the services described in 
our engagement letter, including financial statements from qualified accountants and auditors, 
as appropriate, and documents prepared by other legal counsel employed by you in connection 
with prior or other matters.  You will make such business or technical decisions or 
determinations as are appropriate to carry out our engagement. 
Case 25-30155   Document 83-2   Filed in TXSB on 05/16/25   Page 5 of 7

=== page 6 ===
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
www.okinadams.com 
3 
 
4937-1138-8712, v. 2 
The Firm’s engagement is premised and conditioned upon your representation that you 
are not aware of any material facts or current or historical problem (involving such matters as 
court orders, injunctions, cease and desist orders, judgments, liabilities, litigation, 
administrative proceedings, crimes, prosecutions, bankruptcies or securities violations) on the 
part of any person to be connected with you that you have not fully disclosed to us.  You 
understand that the accuracy and completeness of any document (including securities 
disclosure documents, litigation pleadings and court filings) prepared by us is dependent upon 
your alertness to assure that it contains all material facts relating to the subject and purpose of 
such document and that such document must not contain any misrepresentation of a material 
fact nor omit information necessary to make the statements therein not misleading.  To that end, 
you agree to review all documents prepared by us for their factual accuracy and completeness 
prior to any use thereof.  You also acknowledge that this responsibility continues through our 
engagement in the event that such document becomes deficient in this regard.  You hereby 
represent and warrant that any material, information, reports and financial statements, whether 
rendered orally or in writing, furnished to us by you will be accurate, and that we may rely upon 
the truth or accuracy of such information. 
6. Termination of Engagement 
Upon completion of the matter to which this representation applies, or upon earlier 
termination of our relationship, the attorney-client relationship will end unless you and we have 
expressly agreed to a continuation with respect to other matters.  We hope, of course, that such 
a continuation will be the case.  You have the right at any time to terminate our services and 
representation upon written notice to the Firm.  We reserve the right to withdraw from our 
representation if circumstances arise that under the applicable rules of professional conduct, 
allow or require us to. 
7. Disagreements Regarding Fees 
In the event that you believe any statement for our services is erroneous for any reason, 
you shall notify us of the same within 10 business days after receipt of such statement stating the 
basis for your belief.  If agreement cannot be reached with respect to the amount owed, you 
agree to promptly pay the non-disputed portion of our statement and submit the disputed 
portion for resolution by the appropriate committee of the organized bar of the city where our 
office rendering such services is located.  If no organized bar exists in that city, then you can 
submit to the Committee on Arbitration Relating to Fee Disputes (or similar committee) of the 
regulatory body governing the practice of law in the state or jurisdiction where our office 
rendering such services is located. 
8. Governing Law 
OUR ENGAGEMENT SHALL BE GOVERNED BY THE LAWS OF THE STATE OF 
TEXAS AND, EXCEPT FOR DISAGREEMENTS REGARDING FEES SUBMITTED TO 
ARBITRATION PURSUANT TO PARAGRAPH 7 ABOVE, VENUE FOR ANY OTHER 
ACTION HEREUNDER SHALL BE IN HARRIS COUNTY, TEXAS. 
Case 25-30155   Document 83-2   Filed in TXSB on 05/16/25   Page 6 of 7

=== page 7 ===
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
www.okinadams.com 
4 
 
4937-1138-8712, v. 2 
9. Miscellaneous 
The engagement letter to which this Statement of Firm Policies is attached constitutes 
our entire understanding and agreement with respect to the terms of our engagement and 
supersedes any prior understandings and agreements, written or oral.  If any provision of our 
engagement letter is held by a court of competent jurisdiction to be invalid, void or 
unenforceable, the remainder of the provisions shall remain in full force and effect.  Our 
engagement letter may only be amended in writing by the parties hereto. 
THE STATE BAR OF TEXAS INVESTIGATES AND PROSECUTES PROFESSIONAL 
MISCONDUCT COMMITTED BY TEXAS ATTORNEYS.  ALTHOUGH NOT EVERY 
COMPLAINT AGAINST OR DISPUTE WITH A LAWYER INVOLVES PROFESSIONAL 
MISCONDUCT, THE STATE BAR'S OFFICE OF GENERAL COUNSEL WILL PROVIDE YOU 
WITH INFORMATION ABOUT HOW TO FILE A COMPLAINT.  PLEASE CALL 1-800-932-
1900 TOLL-FREE FOR MORE INFORMATION. 
Your agreement to this engagement constitutes your acceptance of the foregoing terms 
and conditions.  If any of them is unacceptable to you, please advise us now so that we can 
resolve any differences and proceed with a clear, complete, and consistent understanding of our 
relationship.  
 
 
 
Case 25-30155   Document 83-2   Filed in TXSB on 05/16/25   Page 7 of 7

