=== page 1 ===
 
 
IN THE UNITED STATES BANKRUPTCY COURT 
FOR THE SOUTHERN DISTRICT OF TEXAS 
HOUSTON DIVISION 
 
 
In re: 
 
RAZZOO’S, INC., et al., 
 
                                    Debtors.1 
 
 
Chapter 11 
 
Case No. 25-90522 (ARP) 
 
(Jointly Administered) 
 
DECLARATION OF PHILIP PARSONS IN SUPPORT OF  
THE DEBTORS’ CHAPTER 11 PETITIONS AND FIRST DAY MOTIONS 
 
Pursuant to 28 U.S.C. § 1746, I, Philip Parsons, hereby submit this declaration (this 
“Declaration”) under penalty of perjury:   
1. 
I am the Chief Executive Officer (“CEO”) of Razzoo’s, Inc. d/b/a Razzoo’s Cajun 
Café and have served in this capacity since 2023.  I am the Authorized Representative of Razzoo’s, 
Inc. and Razzoo’s Holdings, Inc., the above-captioned debtors and debtors in possession 
(collectively, the “Debtors” or “Razzoo’s”) in these Chapter 11 Cases.  
2. 
I am generally familiar with the Debtors’ day-to-day operations, financial affairs, 
and books and records.  Except as otherwise indicated herein, all facts set forth in this Declaration 
are based upon my personal knowledge of the Debtors’ operations, assets, and finances; 
information learned from my review of relevant documents; information supplied to me by other 
members of Razzoo’s management and its advisors; or my opinion based on my experience, 
knowledge, and information concerning the Debtors’ operations, financial condition, and the 
restaurant industry generally.  I am over the age of 18 and authorized to submit this Declaration 
 
1 The Debtors in these chapter 11 cases, together with the last four digits of each Debtor’s federal tax identification 
number, are: Razzoo’s, Inc. (9753) and Razzoo’s Holdings, Inc. (9608).  The Debtors’ service address is 14131 
Midway Road, Suite 750, Addison, Texas 75001.  
Case 25-90522   Document 16   Filed in TXSB on 10/01/25   Page 1 of 25

=== page 2 ===
 
 
2 
 
4922-7462-3590, v. 2 
on behalf of the Debtors.  If called upon to testify, I could and would competently testify to the 
facts set forth herein.  
3. 
On October 1, 2025 (the “Petition Date”), the Debtors filed voluntary petitions for 
relief (the “Chapter 11 Cases”) under Chapter 11, title 11 of the United States Code, 11 U.S.C. §§ 
101 et seq. (as amended and modified, the “Bankruptcy Code”), in the United States Bankruptcy 
Court for the Southern District of Texas, Houston Division (the “Court”).   
4. 
To minimize the adverse effects on their businesses, the Debtors have filed motions 
seeking various types of “first day” relief (the “First Day Motions”) to allow the Debtors to meet 
their obligations and fulfill their duties as debtors in possession.  I am familiar with the contents 
of each First Day Motion and believe that the relief sought in each is necessary to enable the 
Debtors to operate in Chapter 11 with minimal disruption or loss of productivity and value.  I 
further believe that the relief sought in each First Day Motion constitutes a critical element in 
moving towards a successful restructuring of the Debtors’ financial affairs and best serves the 
Debtors’ estates and creditors’ interests.  The facts set forth in each First Day Motion are 
incorporated herein by reference.  
COMPANY OVERVIEW 
A. 
General Background 
5. 
The Razzoo’s brand has a demonstrated history of success throughout Texas, 
including a loyal guest base in the DFW Metroplex.  The first Razzoo’s opened in 1991 in Dallas, 
Texas with the goal of filling a market need for Cajun culture and cuisine.  Bolstered by positive 
cash flow and customer enthusiasm for the concept, Razzoo’s grew to six (6) total locations in 
Texas by 1996, and fourteen (14) total locations by 2001, including the first out-of-state store in 
Concord, North Carolina.  As growth continued, Razzoo’s reached a peak of twenty-four (24) 
Case 25-90522   Document 16   Filed in TXSB on 10/01/25   Page 2 of 25

=== page 3 ===
 
 
3 
 
4922-7462-3590, v. 2 
locations across Texas, North Carolina and Oklahoma.  Due to various market factors and the 
liquidity issues described herein, the Debtors have since closed four (4) underperforming locations 
– one in 2024 and three in 2025 as noted below.  A detailed listing of the Debtors’ restaurants, as 
of September 2025, is set forth below:2 
 
 
2  In September 2025, in the weeks leading up to the Petition Date, the Debtors closed three additional underperforming 
locations in Pasadena (TX), Corpus Christi (TX) and Oklahoma City (OK).   
Case 25-90522   Document 16   Filed in TXSB on 10/01/25   Page 3 of 25

=== page 4 ===
 
 
4 
 
4922-7462-3590, v. 2 
6. 
After the most recent store closures, the Debtors currently operate twenty (20) free-
standing and end cap locations.  With their geographic foothold in Texas, the Debtors believe that 
the Razzoo’s brand remains well-positioned for additional expansion throughout the Southeast. 
7. 
The Debtors’ organizational culture and values are rooted in their “6-2-101” 
mindset, which has contributed to their success in providing spicy and bold Cajun cuisine for over 
thirty (30) years.  
 
8. 
The Debtors’ long-standing commitment to these core values has enabled them to 
succeed across market tiers and has enabled Razzoo’s to achieve a sector leading per-person 
average in the casual dining space.  In 2024, the Debtors saw total sales of $76.6 million, Store-
Level EBITDA of $9.6 million, and Adjusted EBITDA of approximately $3.3 million 
Case 25-90522   Document 16   Filed in TXSB on 10/01/25   Page 4 of 25

=== page 5 ===
 
 
5 
 
4922-7462-3590, v. 2 
B. 
Prepetition Debt 
9. 
As of the Petition Date, the Debtors’ most significant liabilities consisted of their 
secured debt obligations. A detailed description of the Debtors’ credit facility is set forth below. 
10. 
Prior to the Petition Date, Debtors Razzoo’s Holdings, Inc. and Razzoo’s, Inc. 
(collectively, the “Borrowers”) executed that certain Credit Agreement, dated May 19, 2022, as 
amended by the First Amendment to Credit Agreement, dated June 11, 2023, the Second 
Amendment to Credit Agreement and Waiver, dated February 28, 2024, and the Third Amendment 
to Credit Agreement and Waiver, dated September 10, 2024, (collectively the “Prepetition Loan 
Agreement”) with First Horizon Bank (“First Horizon” or the “Prepetition Lender”) incurring 
certain obligations (the “Prepetition Secured Debt”).  The Prepetition Secured Debt is secured by 
all assets of the Debtors.  As of the Petition Date, the outstanding balance owed to First Horizon 
on account of the Prepetition Secured Debt was approximately $9,650,674.3  
11. 
In addition to the Prepetition Secured Debt, the Debtors have incurred unsecured 
debt obligations owed to various creditors.  In the ordinary course of business, the Debtors entered 
into lease agreements with their various landlords and have engaged in numerous strategic 
relationships with certain service providers in relation to their operations which are critical to 
maintaining the value of the Debtors’ estates. Due to the various liquidity issues described herein, 
the Debtors have lacked the cash flow necessary to meet all of their lease obligations and 
miscellaneous trade payables.  The Debtors estimate that they owed approximately $3.1 million in 
unsecured trade debt as of the Petition Date.  
 
3 Consisting of $9,571,410 in principal and $79,264 in interest.  
Case 25-90522   Document 16   Filed in TXSB on 10/01/25   Page 5 of 25

=== page 6 ===
 
 
6 
 
4922-7462-3590, v. 2 
C. 
Events Leading to Chapter 11 Cases 
12. 
As more fully set forth below, various factors have led the Debtors to commence 
these voluntary Chapter 11 Cases.  These factors include the detrimental impact on the Debtors’ 
sales caused by general market conditions and increased competition, burdensome lease 
obligations for the Debtors’ various store locations, and the inability to service the Prepetition 
Secured Debt with First Horizon.   
i. 
Market Conditions and Competition Impacting Sales 
13. 
Most significantly, the Debtors have experienced a decline in sales due, in large 
part, to (i) shifts in consumer spending habits, shifting consumer preferences for convenience, 
affordability, delivery and innovation in part attributed to the impact of COVID-19 on consumer 
behavior, general market conditions, geopolitical and economic uncertainty; and (ii) heavy media 
presence and discounting from competitors in the casual dining space. Recently, macro-economic 
factors like inflation and higher interest rates have led to many consumers opting to “trade down” 
to fast-casual or quick-service restaurants in order to stretch their budgets.  Recognizing this, many 
key competitors such as Chili’s and Applebee’s have utilized aggressive marketing and value-
oriented promotions which have negatively influenced Razzoo’s guest traffic.  Thus, the Debtors’ 
sales have continued to be unfavorable to forecasts in light of the heavy competition among casual 
dining chains to attract consumers searching for best value to fit their strained budgets. 
14. 
Moreover, as a Cajun-inspired brand, sales at Razzoo’s fluctuate seasonally, and 
typically reach their peak during crawfish season.  Despite the crawfish season starting earlier in 
2025 than 2024, increased competition for crawfish drove retail selling prices down and the 
Debtors experienced a decrease in sales this season relative to prior years.  Despite the benefits 
realized from ongoing cost-saving initiatives implemented by the Debtors’ experienced 
Case 25-90522   Document 16   Filed in TXSB on 10/01/25   Page 6 of 25

=== page 7 ===
 
 
7 
 
4922-7462-3590, v. 2 
management team,4 the Debtors’ liquidity situation has left them unable to service their ongoing 
lease and debt service obligations as described below.  
ii. 
Burdensome Leases  
15. 
Razzoo’s does not own any real estate.  Rather, in the ordinary course of business, 
the Debtors have entered into numerous long-term leases for each of their store locations. While 
the amounts and terms vary by lease, the Debtors’ total monthly lease obligations due to their 
landlords is approximately $650,000.  As a result of the declining sales volumes, the Debtors’ 
long-term lease obligations became increasingly burdensome on their liquidity situation with a 
sizeable portion of their monthly cash flow dedicated to rent. In the months leading up to the 
Petition Date, the Debtors undertook a store-by-store analysis to identify underperforming 
locations and identify leases that were unprofitable or untenable on a long-term basis.  Thereafter, 
in September 2025, the Debtors elected to exit certain unprofitable leases prior to the Petition Date 
and closed their store locations in Pasadena (TX), Corpus Christi (TX) and Oklahoma City (OK).   
16. 
In addition to other cost savings realized by the closures, the Debtors’ recurring 
monthly rent obligations will be reduced by approximately $110,000.  The Debtors anticipate using 
the breathing room afforded by the automatic stay to continue their store performance analysis and 
determine if the rejection of additional leases during the Chapter 11 Cases is necessary or 
appropriate to right-size their operations.     
iii. 
Inability to Service Prepetition Secured Debt Obligations 
17. 
Ultimately, the terms of the Prepetition Loan Agreement with First Horizon have 
proved too costly. Indeed, the Prepetition Loan Agreement has undergone multiple amendments 
 
4 RIF delivering $1 million in YoY savings in 2025, and supply chain savings of $1 million in 2024 and 2025.  
Case 25-90522   Document 16   Filed in TXSB on 10/01/25   Page 7 of 25

=== page 8 ===
 
 
8 
 
4922-7462-3590, v. 2 
and modifications covering, among other things, the Prepetition Lender’s waiver of certain defined 
Specified Defaults.  As of September 2024 – the date the Third Amendment to the Prepetition 
Loan Agreement was executed – the outstanding principal balance of the Prepetition Secured Debt 
was $11,926,678.00.  Just over one year later, the Debtors estimate that the balance of the 
Prepetition Secured Debt is approximately $9.7 million, in part as a result of accelerated 
amortization and the shareholders contributing $850,000 to pay down the debt.    
18. 
Absent the filing of these Chapter 11 Cases, the Debtors’ next principal and interest 
payment to First Horizon of approximately $500,000 would come due and be swept from the 
Debtors’ accounts on October 1, 2025.  In light of their increasingly dire financial circumstances, 
the Debtors could not afford to make this payment and continue servicing their Prepetition Secured 
Debt with First Horizon.  Faced with this reality, the Debtors worked diligently to maintain the 
value of their assets, fund trade payables and conserve their remaining cash in preparation for filing 
these Chapter 11 Cases. Through these Chapter 11 Cases, the Debtors seek the protection of the 
automatic stay while they endeavor to effectuate the sale or financing transactions that will be 
necessary to reorganize their financial affairs, preserve thousands of jobs, and ensure that Razzoo’s 
continues providing guests with the highest quality Cajun cuisine and hospitality. 
FIRST DAY MOTIONS 
19. 
Below is an overview of certain First Day Motions which remain pending as of the 
filing of this Declaration. The First Day Motions seek relief intended to facilitate a smooth 
transition for the Debtors into the Chapter 11 Cases and minimize disruptions to the Debtors’ 
business operations.  Capitalized terms used but not otherwise defined in this section of this 
Declaration shall have the meanings ascribed to them in the relevant First Day Motion.   
Case 25-90522   Document 16   Filed in TXSB on 10/01/25   Page 8 of 25

=== page 9 ===
 
 
9 
 
4922-7462-3590, v. 2 
A. Debtors’ Emergency Ex Parte Application for Entry of an Order Authorizing the 
Employment and Retention of Donlin, Recano & Company, LLC as Claims, Noticing, 
and Solicitation Agent (the “DRC Application”) 
 
20. 
In the DRC Application [Docket No. 3], the Debtors seek entry of an order 
appointing Donlin, Recano & Company, LLC (“DRC”) as claims, noticing and solicitation agent 
in these Chapter 11 Cases subject to the terms of the engagement agreement attached to the Donlin 
Application.  I believe that DRC is well-qualified to perform the services contemplated by the 
Donlin Application, that the services to be performed by DRC are necessary for the successful 
administration of these Chapter 11 Cases, and that DRC will coordinate their services with the 
Debtors’ other professional to avoid duplication of efforts and expense. 
B. 
Debtors’ Emergency Motion for Entry of an Order (I) Directing Joint Administration 
of Related Chapter 11 Cases; and (II) Granting Related Relief (the “Joint 
Administration Motion”) 
 
21. 
Pursuant to the Joint Administration Motion [Docket No. 4], the Debtors request 
entry of an order directing procedural consolidation and joint administration of these Chapter 11 
Cases.  The Debtors do not seek substantive consolidation.  
22. 
The Debtors are “affiliates” as defined in Bankruptcy Code section 101(2).  Given 
the integrated nature of the Debtors’ operations, joint administration of these Chapter 11 Cases 
will provide significant administrative convenience without harming the substantive rights of any 
party in interest.  Many of the motions, hearings, and orders in these Chapter 11 Cases will affect 
both of the Debtor entities.  The entry of an order directing joint administration of the Chapter 11 
Cases will reduce fees and costs by avoiding duplicative filings and objections. 
23. 
Parties in interest will not be harmed by the relief requested; rather, the joint 
administration of these Chapter 11 Cases is in the best interests of the Debtors’ estates, their 
creditors, and all other parties in interest, who will benefit from the cost reductions associated with 
Case 25-90522   Document 16   Filed in TXSB on 10/01/25   Page 9 of 25

=== page 10 ===
 
 
10 
 
4922-7462-3590, v. 2 
the joint administration of the Chapter 11 Cases.  Joint administration also will allow the United 
States Trustee for the Southern District of Texas (the “U.S. Trustee”) and all parties in interest to 
monitor the Chapter 11 Cases with greater ease and efficiency.  Accordingly, on behalf of the 
Debtors, I respectfully submit that the relief requested in the Joint Administration Motion should 
be approved by the Court.  
C. 
Debtors’ Emergency Motion for Entry of an Order (I) Authorizing Debtors to (A) 
File a Consolidated Creditor Matrix and a Consolidated List of 30 Largest Unsecured 
Creditors and (B) Redact Certain Personal Identification Information and (II) 
Approving Form and Manner of Notifying Creditors of Commencement of Chapter 
11 Cases and Other Information (the “Consolidated Creditor Matrix Motion”) 
 
24. 
In the Consolidated Creditor Matrix Motion [Docket No. 8], the Debtors seek entry 
of an order (i) authorizing the Debtors to (a) file a consolidated creditor matrix (the “Consolidated 
Creditor Matrix”) and a consolidated list of the Debtors’ thirty (30) largest unsecured creditors 
(the “Consolidated Top 30 Creditors List”) and (b) redact certain personal identification 
information of the Debtors’ individual creditors; and (ii) approving the form and manner of 
notifying creditors of the commencement of the Chapter 11 Cases and other information. 
25. 
With respect to the creditor matrix required by Bankruptcy Rule 1007(a)(1), the 
Debtors request authority to file one Consolidated Creditor Matrix for all Debtors.  The Debtors 
believe that the preparation of separate lists of creditors for each Debtor would be expensive, time 
consuming, and administratively burdensome.  Moreover, such relief is expressly permitted by the 
Complex Case Procedures. 
26. 
With respect to the lists of the Debtors’ largest unsecured creditors required by 
Bankruptcy Rule 1007(d), the Debtors request authority to file the Consolidated Top 30 Creditors 
List for all Debtors.  The Debtors believe that such relief will help alleviate administrative burden, 
Case 25-90522   Document 16   Filed in TXSB on 10/01/25   Page 10 of 25

=== page 11 ===
 
 
11 
 
4922-7462-3590, v. 2 
costs, and the possibility of duplicative service.  This relief is also permitted by the Complex Case 
Procedures. 
27. 
The Debtors further submit that cause exists to redact the address information of 
the Debtors’ individual creditors from the Consolidated Creditor Matrix.  In particular, such 
information could potentially be used to perpetrate identity theft of the Debtors’ individual 
creditors who may not want their information disclosed in public filings.  I have been advised and 
come to understand that the Bankruptcy Code grants the Court discretion to protect individuals 
from the disclosure of such information, and I believe that such relief is appropriate under the 
circumstances and will not prejudice any party in interest.  Indeed, the Debtors still propose to 
provide, upon request, unredacted versions of the Consolidated Creditor Matrix to the Court, the 
Office of the United States Trustee for the Southern District of Texas (the “U.S. Trustee”), and 
counsel to any official committee appointed in the Chapter 11 Cases.  
28. 
Finally, the Debtors propose to have their claims and noticing agent, DRC, serve 
the notice of commencement (the “Notice of Commencement”) of the Chapter 11 Cases to all 
parties entitled to notice.  Service of the Notice of Commencement on the Consolidated Creditor 
Matrix will not only prevent the Debtors’ estates from incurring unnecessary costs associated with 
serving multiple notices to the parties listed on the Debtors’ Consolidated Creditor Matrix, but also 
preserve judicial resources and prevent creditor confusion through the efficient service of critical 
information.  Accordingly, I believe that service of a single Notice of Commencement through 
DRC is warranted and proper in these Chapter 11 Cases.    
Case 25-90522   Document 16   Filed in TXSB on 10/01/25   Page 11 of 25

=== page 12 ===
 
 
12 
 
4922-7462-3590, v. 2 
D. 
Debtors’ Emergency Motion For Entry Of An Order Extending The Time To File (I) 
Schedules of Assets and Liabilities, (II) Schedules of Current Income and 
Expenditures, (III) Schedules of Executory Contracts and Unexpired Leases, and (IV) 
Statements of Financial Affairs (“Schedules Motion”)   
 
29. 
In the Schedules Motion [Docket No. 9], the Debtors seek entry of an order: (i) 
extending the deadline by which the Debtors must file their schedules of assets and liabilities, 
schedules of current income and expenditures, schedules of executory contracts and unexpired 
leases, and statements of financial affairs (collectively, the “Schedules and Statements”) by an 
additional thirty (30) days, for a total of twenty-four (44) days from the Petition Date, through and 
including November 14, 2025.  
30. 
The Debtors have spent, and continue to spend, a substantial amount of time 
ensuring a smooth transition into Chapter 11, with minimal disruptions to the Debtors’ businesses.  
To prepare the Schedules and Statements, I understand that the Debtors must compile information 
from books, records, and documents maintained by each of the Debtors, relating to the claims, 
assets and contracts from both Debtor entities.  Given the scope of the Debtors’ operations, it will 
take substantial time to gather and process such information.  These tasks also include working 
with the Debtors’ landlords, vendors and various other parties in interests to stabilize business 
operations, a process that the Debtors anticipate will exceed the fourteen (14) days provided by 
the Bankruptcy Code and Bankruptcy Rules.  In light of the significant amount of work required 
to complete the Schedules and Statements, as well as the competing demands on the Debtors’ 
professionals to assist in critical efforts to stabilize the Debtors’ businesses, I believe an extension 
is necessary.  
31. 
Further, I believe the requested extension also will aid the Debtors in efficiently 
preparing accurate Schedules and Statements, as it will allow the Debtors to account for prepetition 
Case 25-90522   Document 16   Filed in TXSB on 10/01/25   Page 12 of 25

=== page 13 ===
 
 
13 
 
4922-7462-3590, v. 2 
invoices not yet received or entered into their accounting system as of the Petition Date, and will 
minimize the possibility that any subsequent amendments to the Schedules and Statements are 
necessary.  As such, I believe the extension will benefit not only the Debtors, but all creditors and 
other parties in interest.  Although the Debtors, with the assistance of their professional advisors, 
have begun to compile the information necessary for the Schedules and Statements, the Debtors 
have been consumed with a multitude of other legal, business, and administrative matters in the 
time leading up to the Petition Date.  Nevertheless, recognizing the importance of the Schedules 
and Statements in these Chapter 11 Cases, the Debtors intend to complete the Schedules and 
Statements as quickly as possible under the circumstances.  Further, the Schedules and Statements 
will be filed well in advance of any deadline for filing proofs of claim in the Chapter 11 Cases.  
Thus, all creditors will be afforded sufficient notice of the claim amounts scheduled by the Debtors.  
32. 
In view of the amount of information that must be assembled and compiled, and 
the limited time available to do so, I believe that ample cause exists for the requested extension.   
E. 
Debtors’ Emergency Motion for Entry of an Order Authorizing Continued Use of 
Prepetition Bank Accounts, Cash Management System, Forms, and Books and 
Records (the “Cash Management Motion”) 
 
33. 
Pursuant to the Cash Management Motion [Docket No. 10], the Debtors seek entry 
of an order authorizing the Debtors to: (i) continue to operate their cash management system and 
maintain their existing bank accounts, including honoring certain prepetition obligations related 
thereto; (ii) maintain existing business forms; (iii) continue the performance their business 
transactions consistent with the Debtors’ historical practices; and (d) waiving the guidelines (the 
“Guidelines”) established by the U.S. Trustee related to cash management systems.  
34. 
In the ordinary course of business, the Debtors use and maintain certain pre-printed 
correspondence and business forms, including, but not limited to, letterhead, envelopes, 
Case 25-90522   Document 16   Filed in TXSB on 10/01/25   Page 13 of 25

=== page 14 ===
 
 
14 
 
4922-7462-3590, v. 2 
promotional materials and other business forms related to their oil and gas operations and assets 
(collectively, the “Business Forms”).  Adopting a new set of Business Forms would create 
unnecessary administrative burdens and hardship and would cause unnecessary expense, use of 
resources, and delay.  To minimize the administrative interruptions and expenses, the Debtors 
request authority to continue to use their Business Forms substantially in the form existing 
immediately prior to the Petition Date, without reference to the Debtors’ status as “Debtors in 
Possession” in these Chapter 11 Cases as required by the U.S. Trustee Guidelines. 
35. 
The Debtors also maintain a cash management system (the “Cash Management 
System”) in the ordinary course of business to gather, allocate, transfer, and disburse funds with 
respect to their operations and to facilitate cash monitoring and reporting.  The Cash Management 
System is comprised of twenty-nine (29) active bank accounts (the “Accounts”), twenty-seven 
(27) Accounts are maintained at First Horizon, one is maintained at Pathway, and one is maintained 
at US Bank.  First Horizon and US Bank are authorized depositories pursuant to the U.S. Trustee 
Guidelines. Debtors maintain a cash balance less than or equal to the FDIC insured limit in an 
account other than an authorized depository. As currently established, the Debtors’ existing 
Accounts and Cash Management System function smoothly and permit the efficient collections 
and disbursements of cash for the benefit of the Debtors and all parties in interest. 
36. 
Given the nature of the Debtors’ businesses, the uninterrupted use of the Debtors’ 
Accounts is vital to their operations and overall Cash Management System and will facilitate the 
Debtors’ transition into the Chapter 11 Cases by minimizing delays in paying post-petition debts 
and eliminating administrative inefficiencies. Moreover, maintaining the current Cash 
Management System will allow the Debtors’ workforce to attend to their daily responsibilities 
rather than organize and administer a new system.  Requiring the Debtors to adopt a new cash 
Case 25-90522   Document 16   Filed in TXSB on 10/01/25   Page 14 of 25

=== page 15 ===
 
 
15 
 
4922-7462-3590, v. 2 
management system in these Chapter 11 Cases would be costly, burdensome, and disruptive to 
operations at this critical juncture, and could have a negative effect on the Debtors’ ongoing 
restructuring efforts. 
37. 
Additionally, in the ordinary course of business, Debtors are required to provide a 
surety bond to certain third parties to secure Debtors’ payment or performance of certain 
obligations. These surety bonds are required to provide financial assurances to state governments, 
regulatory agencies, and other third parties.  
38. 
Finally, the Debtors seek a waiver of the Guidelines established by the U.S. Trustee 
requiring that Chapter 11 debtors in possession, among other things: (i) close all existing bank 
accounts and open new debtor in possession bank accounts; (ii) establish separate bank accounts 
for operations, payment of taxes, and cash collateral); and (iii) obtain new checks bearing the 
designation “Debtors in Possession,” along with additional information.  
39. 
I believe that compliance with these requirements would create substantial and 
unnecessary administrative burdens, including additional expense, confusion among creditors, and 
diversion of scarce resources to the detriment of the Debtors as they transition into these Chapter 
11 Cases.  On the other hand, permitting the Debtors to maintain their existing Accounts and Cash 
Management System will prevent the disruption of operations and will not prejudice any party in 
interest.  Further, because the Debtors presently maintain sophisticated, computerized accounting 
and record keeping systems related to their Accounts and oil and gas and helium operations, the 
Debtors will be able to ensure that all prepetition and post-petition transactions are properly 
accounted for and easily distinguished.  The Debtors intend to continue maintain complete and 
accurate records of all transfers of funds in and out of the Accounts.  I therefore believe a waiver 
of the U.S. Trustee Guidelines is appropriate, as set forth in the Cash Management Motion.  
Case 25-90522   Document 16   Filed in TXSB on 10/01/25   Page 15 of 25

=== page 16 ===
 
 
16 
 
4922-7462-3590, v. 2 
F. 
Debtors’ Emergency Motion for Entry of an Order (I) Authorizing the Debtor to Pay 
Prepetition Wages to Employees and (II) Granting Related Relief (the “Employee 
Wage Motion”) 
 
40. 
In the Employee Wage Motion [Docket No. 11], the Debtors request entry of an 
order: (i) authorizing, but not directing, the Debtors to (a) pay, in their sole discretion, all 
obligations incurred under or related to wages, salaries, other compensation, reimbursable 
expenses, and payroll service fees (collectively, the “Employee Obligations”) and all costs related 
to the foregoing, and (b) maintain and continue to honor their practices, programs, and policies in 
place for the Employees, as such may be modified, amended, or supplemented from time to time 
in the ordinary course of business; and (ii) authorizing and directing the Debtor’s Banks, including 
Kleberg, to receive, process, honor, and pay checks presented for payment and electronic payment 
requests relating to the Employee Obligations.  
41. 
As set forth in the Employee Wage Motion, the Debtors maintain a large staff of 
salaried and hourly employees (collectively, the “Employees”) to support their businesses and 
restaurant operations.  The roles of Employees include directors and officers, administrative and 
other corporate staff, area managers, multi-unit managers, and numerous store-level managers, 
servers, hosts, bartenders, bussers, cooks and other support staff at individual locations.  While the 
total number of Employees fluctuates given the size and nature of the Debtors’ operations, the 
Debtors currently have approximately 1,042 Employees, of which 101 are employed on a salaried 
basis and 941 are employed on an hourly basis5.  These Employees are vital to maintaining the 
value of the Debtors’ estates as they transition into the Chapter 11 Cases, and the vast majority of 
the Employees rely exclusively on their compensation and benefits to pay their daily living 
 
5 Of the 941 hourly employees, 40 qualify as full-time employees while the remaining 901 are part-time.  
Case 25-90522   Document 16   Filed in TXSB on 10/01/25   Page 16 of 25

=== page 17 ===
 
 
17 
 
4922-7462-3590, v. 2 
expenses and support their families.  Thus, Employees would be exposed to significant financial 
hardship if the Debtors were not permitted to continue paying their compensation, providing 
benefits, and maintain existing programs.   
42. 
The Debtors utilize the services of a professional employment organization, 
Paycom (“Paycom”), to process payroll and employee benefit plans. The Debtors submit a net 
amount of money to Paycom prior to the conclusion of each pay period, who then administers all 
of the Debtors’ obligations incurred or related to wages, salaries, payroll taxes, and payroll service 
fees.  Employees are paid bi-weekly via direct deposit or pay card from Paycom. Paycom also has 
check stock to prepare and print checks for those employees who have not selected direct deposit 
or pay card as their payment method. The Debtors’ description of the payroll process and the 
amounts and other Employee Obligations due to the Employees as set forth in the Employee Wage 
Motion and Exhibit A thereto is accurate.  
43. 
I believe that the relief requested in the Employee Wage Motion is in the best 
interest of the Debtors’ estates and will enable the Debtors to continue to operate their businesses 
in the Chapter 11 Cases without disruption so as to avoid immediate and irreparable harm to the 
estates. Accordingly, I believe the Court should grant the relief requested in the Employee Wage 
Motion and authorize the Debtors to honor the Employee Obligations, including those incurred 
prior to the Petition Date, and pay the Employees during the Chapter 11 Cases. 
G. 
Debtors’ Emergency Motion for Entry of an Order Authorizing (I) the Debtors to Pay 
or Honor Prepetition Obligations to Certain Critical Vendors, and (II) Banks to 
Honor All Related Checks and Electronic Payment Requests (the “Critical Vendor 
Motion”) 
 
44. 
Pursuant to the Critical Vendor Motion [Docket No. 12], the Debtors seek entry of 
an order (i) authorizing, but not directing, the Debtors to pay certain third-party Critical Vendors 
Case 25-90522   Document 16   Filed in TXSB on 10/01/25   Page 17 of 25

=== page 18 ===
 
 
18 
 
4922-7462-3590, v. 2 
on account of their prepetition Critical Vendor Claims in the ordinary course of business; and (ii) 
authorizing and directing the Banks to receive, process, honor and pay all checks and electronic 
payment requests made by the Debtors related to such obligations.  
45. 
To Debtors used a set of criteria focusing on which of their vendors were crucial to 
continued ordinary course operations, whether such vendors could assert a lien or were otherwise 
entitled to an administrative expense claim pursuant to section 503(b)(9) of the Bankruptcy Code, 
and whether the third party vendors were likely to continue doing business with the Debtors 
notwithstanding any nonpayment of prepetition claims. With these factors in mind, the Debtors 
exercised their business judgment to determine which types of third-party vendors could be 
considered Critical Vendors.  As would be expected in the restaurant industry, the Debtors’ Critical 
Vendors are providers of goods primarily falling into the following three categories: (i) food and 
produce suppliers; (ii) liquor, beer and wine (“LBW”) distributors; and (iii) essential or custom 
restaurant supplies.  
Category 
Description 
Food / Produce Suppliers
If these Critical Vendors alter their terms or otherwise refuse to 
provide goods to the Debtors due to non-payment, the Debtors’ 
business would grind to a halt.  Given the nature of the Debtors’ 
operations, it would take months to replace these Critical Vendors 
with alternatives who could meet the demand for the specific flavor 
profiles and food offerings on the Razzoo’s menu and who possess 
necessary distribution capability to service all the Debtors’ 
locations.   
Case 25-90522   Document 16   Filed in TXSB on 10/01/25   Page 18 of 25

=== page 19 ===
 
 
19 
 
4922-7462-3590, v. 2 
Liquor, Beer and Wine 
(“LBW”) Distributors 
The Debtors only maintain approximately 1 to 2 weeks of critical 
LBW on hand at any given time. Failing to pay the LBW distributors 
in the ordinary course of business would thus have a domino effect 
on operations.  The distributors are required to report nonpayment 
to the State licensing authority. Immediately thereafter the Debtors 
would be prohibited from buying LBW at any location in that State. 
Ultimately, the Debtors could lose the required liquor licenses. In 
turn, the Debtors’ sales would further suffer, and the going-concern 
value of the Debtors’ business would be significantly impacted.  In 
order to maximize the value of their assets for all stakeholders 
during these Chapter 11 Cases, the Debtors must continue paying 
the LBW distributors in the ordinary course of business.  
Essential / Custom 
Restaurant Supplies 
The Debtors rely on certain Critical Vendors to supply restaurant 
goods that are specific to Razzoo’s, including, but not limited to, 
menus, certain glassware and tableware, and other supplies and 
materials utilized at the Debtors’ stores which either bear the 
Razzoo’s brand and marketing materials, or are otherwise essential 
to the business.  These Critical Vendors are not easily replaceable, 
and their failure to continue providing goods could severely hinder 
the Debtors’ operations and the value of their assets.  
 
46. 
In general, the Debtors have satisfactory payment histories with these Critical 
Vendors, and there are no material defaults or arrearages owed as of the Petition Date.  Thus, most 
of the prepetition claims of the Critical Vendors (collectively, the “Critical Vendor Claims”) are 
for goods provided immediately prior to the Petition Date and would likely be entitled to 
administrative priority under section 503(b)(9) of the Bankruptcy Code. In light of this, and given 
that maintaining current trade terms with these Critical Vendors is crucial to the viability of the 
Debtors’ operations, the Debtors contemplate making payments on the Critical Vendor Claims that 
become payable post-petition in the ordinary course of business as and when they become due.  
Under the current payment terms, which are quite favorable to the estates, the Debtors estimate 
that on a rolling basis, they will continue paying approximately (i) $300,000 to food and produce 
Case 25-90522   Document 16   Filed in TXSB on 10/01/25   Page 19 of 25

=== page 20 ===
 
 
20 
 
4922-7462-3590, v. 2 
suppliers; (ii) $25,000 to LBW distributors; and (iii) $60,000 to certain other restaurant suppliers 
in the ordinary course of business.   
47. 
The Debtors intend to apply their sound business judgment and discretion on a case-
by-case basis and pay only those Critical Vendor Claims that are: (i) vital to maintaining their 
operations; and (ii) are willing to provide the Debtors with favorable post-petition terms in 
accordance with any order granting the relief requested in this Motion.  For these reasons, and as 
further detailed in the Critical Vendor Motion, I believe that authorization to pay Critical Vendors 
on account of their Critical Vendor Claims is immediately necessary and is in the best interests of 
the Debtors, the estates, creditors and all parties in interest.  
H. 
Debtors’ Emergency Motion for Entry of an Order (I) Authorizing the Debtors to (A) 
Maintain Coverage Obtained Prepetition and Pay Prepetition Obligations Related 
Thereto, (B) Honor and Renew the Premium Financing Agreements Entered into 
Prepetition, (C) Continue to Pay Brokerage Fees, and (D) Renew, Amend, 
Supplement, Modify, Extend or Purchase Insurance Policies and Surety Bonds, and 
(III) Granting Related Relief (the “Insurance Motion”) 
48. 
In the Insurance Motion [Docket No. 13], the Debtors seek entry of an order (i) 
authorizing Debtors to (a) continue their prepetition insurance coverage and surety bond program 
and satisfy prepetition obligations related thereto, (b) renew, supplement, or enter into new 
insurance coverage and surety bonds in the ordinary course of business on a post-petition basis, 
(c) pay or reimburse all undisputed premiums, charges, claims, deductibles, retentions, 
administrative fees, Insurance Broker Fees, and all other obligations relating to the Insurance 
Policies or Surety Bonds that are or may become due and payable, including any prepetition 
amounts (collectively, the “Coverage Obligations”), (d) continue paying and/or funding the 
Debtors’ Workers’ Compensation Program (together with the amounts related thereto, the 
“Workers Compensation Obligations”), including administrative obligations to certain third 
Case 25-90522   Document 16   Filed in TXSB on 10/01/25   Page 20 of 25

=== page 21 ===
 
 
21 
 
4922-7462-3590, v. 2 
parties in connection therewith, during these Chapter 11 Cases in the ordinary course of business 
as such Workers’ Compensation Program was in effect as of the Petition Date and as such may be 
modified, terminated, amended, or supplemented by the Debtors; (e) continue the Debtors’ 
premium financing agreements; and (b) granting related relief.  
49. 
In the ordinary course of business, the Debtors maintain twenty-six insurance 
policies administered by approximately twenty insurance carriers. These insurance policies 
coverage for the following aspects of the Debtors’ general operations: general liability, excess 
liability policy, property, workers’ compensation, crime, management liability, terrorism, 
equipment breakdown, hired and non-owned auto, package, gl & property, food borne illness, 
flood insurance, excess flood, cyber liability, term life insurance, medical, dental and vision, short 
term disability, long term disability, life & a&d, and an umbrella policy. Additionally, Debtors 
maintain Surety Bonds and a Workers’ Compensation Program.  
50. 
On an annual basis, the Debtors spend an aggregate of approximately (i) $2,122,834 
on insurance premiums; (ii) $75,000 on the Workers’ Compensation Program; and (iii) $1,200 on 
the surety bond.  
51. 
The Insurance Policies, Workers’ Compensation Program and Surety Bond 
Program provide comprehensive protection for the Debtors’ business, property, and assets. It is 
vital for the Debtors’ Insurance Policies and Surety Bond Program to stay in effect during these 
Chapter 11 Cases. For these reasons, and as further detailed in the Insurance Motion, I believe that 
authorization to continue to pay on Debtors’ Insurance Policies, Surety Bond and Workers’ 
Compensation Program is immediately necessary and is in the best interests of the Debtors, the 
estates, creditors and all parties in interest. Therefore, it is crucial that the Insurance Motion be 
approved by this Court.  
Case 25-90522   Document 16   Filed in TXSB on 10/01/25   Page 21 of 25

=== page 22 ===
 
 
22 
 
4922-7462-3590, v. 2 
I. 
Debtors’ Emergency Motion for Entry of an Order (I) Prohibiting Utility Companies 
From Altering, Refusing or Discontinuing Service, (II) Deeming Utilities Adequately 
Assured of Future Performance, (III) Establishing Procedures for Determining 
Adequate Assurance of Payment, and (IV) Granting Related Relief (the “Utilities 
Motion”) 
52. 
Pursuant to the Utilities Motion [Docket No. 14], the Debtors seek entry of an order: 
(i) approving the Debtors’ proposed adequate assurance of payment for future utility services; (ii) 
prohibiting utility companies from altering, refusing, or discontinuing services; and (iii) 
establishing procedures for determining adequate assurance of payment and resolving adequate 
assurance requests.  
53. 
In connection with the operation of their businesses and management of their assets, 
the Debtors obtain Utility Services from a number of Utility Providers.  A nonexclusive list of the 
Utility Providers that provide Utility Services to the Debtor as of the Petition Date (the “Utilities 
Service List”) is attached as Exhibit A to the Utilities Motion.  
54. 
The Debtors spend an aggregate amount of approximately $170,000 per month on 
Utility Services from the Utility Providers. Most, if not all, of the Debtors’ Utility Providers do 
not hold any deposits from the Debtors.  As of the Petition Date, the Debtors owed approximately 
$170,000 on account of prepetition Utility Services.  To the best of the Debtor’s knowledge, there 
were no other defaults or arrearages with respect to the undisputed invoices for prepetition Utility 
Services.   
55. 
The uninterrupted continuation of the Utility Services is critical to the Debtors’ 
ongoing business operations throughout the course of the Chapter 11 Cases.  Should any of the 
Utility Providers refuse or discontinue service, even for a brief period, the Debtors’ business 
operation and primary revenue source would be jeopardized.  Accordingly, I believe the Utilities 
Motion should be approved by the Court.  
Case 25-90522   Document 16   Filed in TXSB on 10/01/25   Page 22 of 25

=== page 23 ===
 
 
23 
 
4922-7462-3590, v. 2 
J. 
Debtors’ Emergency Motion for Entry of Interim and Final Orders (I) Authorizing 
Use of Cash Collateral; (II) Authorizing the Debtors to Obtain Secured Post-Petition 
Financing; (III) Granting Liens and Superpriority Claims; (IV) Granting Adequate 
Protection; (V) Scheduling a Final Hearing; and (VI) Granting Related Relief (the 
“DIP Motion”) 
56. 
The DIP Motion [to be filed before the First Day Hearing] is critical to the Debtors’ 
success in these Chapter 11 Cases, and without the Court granting the relief requested in the DIP 
Motion, each of the foregoing First Day Motions would be rendered moot. Pursuant to the DIP 
Motion, the Debtors seek entry of interim and final orders: (i) authorizing the Debtors to obtain 
and be obligated in respect of senior secured post-petition financing on a superpriority and priming 
basis (the “DIP Facility”) from a third-party lender, TJF Financial LLC (the “DIP Lender”) in the 
aggregate principal amount of $4,000,000 to be used to fund the working capital and liquidity 
needs of the Debtors, of which, an Interim Draw of $1,800,000 will be advanced to the Debtors 
upon entry of the Interim Order; and (ii) authorizing the Debtors to use of cash collateral (“Cash 
Collateral”) of the DIP Lender and Prepetition Lender, all for the purposes specified in, and at least 
for the period provided in, the budget (the “Budget”) attached as an exhibit to the DIP Motion.  
Specifically, the Debtors request that the Court enter an order on an interim basis (the “Interim 
Order”) authorizing the Debtors to execute and enter into the DIP Term Sheet and obtain the initial 
Interim Draw on an interim basis and use of Cash Collateral in accordance with the Budget, 
provide priming DIP Liens and DIP Super-Priority Claims to the DIP Lender, provide adequate 
protection for, and to the extent of, any diminution in value of the Cash Collateral of the Prepetition 
Lender, and scheduling a final hearing (the “Final Hearing”) for the Court to consider entry of a 
final order (the “Final Order”) authorizing and approving the relief requested in the DIP Motion.  
57. 
Authorization to obtain the DIP Term Loans and to use Cash Collateral will ensure 
that the Debtors have immediate and continued access to the liquidity needed to maintain ordinary 
Case 25-90522   Document 16   Filed in TXSB on 10/01/25   Page 23 of 25

=== page 24 ===
 
 
24 
 
4922-7462-3590, v. 2 
course operations at the store level for the duration of these Chapter 11 Cases.  The Debtors require 
a DIP Facility and use of Cash Collateral to make payments to Employees, Utility Providers, and 
vendors, among others, for purposes of conducting their operations and paying related expenses.  
Any failure to make those payments could cause substantial uncertainty and disruption to the 
Debtors’ business and imperil the sale process contemplated by the Debtors. 
58. 
Based on the financial forecasts and analysis conducted by Debtors with the 
assistance of their professionals and other advisors, I believe the Debtors would be unable to 
generate enough cash from operations in the ordinary course of business to cover their working 
capital needs in addition to the projected costs of these Chapter 11 Cases.  Therefore, absent the 
DIP Commitment from the DIP Lender, the Debtors would have insufficient cash in the initial 
weeks following the Petition Date to sustain these Chapter 11 Cases and to execute on a 
comprehensive sale or financing transaction on the timeline being contemplated by the Debtors.  
Obtaining the DIP Facility and continued use of Cash Collateral, with or without the consent of 
the Prepetition Lender, will also send a positive, credible message to the Debtors’ Employees, 
commercial counterparties, prospective buyers and other parties in interest that the Debtors will 
be able to meet their ordinary course obligations and operate in these Chapter 11 Cases as they 
move forward with their restructuring efforts. 
59. 
I believe the Debtors will face substantial and irreparable harm without the relief 
requested in the DIP Motion.  Accordingly, I believe the Court should grant the relief requested in 
the DIP Motion and enter the Interim Order, and after the conclusion of the Final Hearing, a Final 
Order, authorizing the Debtors to obtain the full amount of the DIP Commitment from the DIP 
Lender and continue using Cash Collateral all in accordance with the Budget.  
Case 25-90522   Document 16   Filed in TXSB on 10/01/25   Page 24 of 25

=== page 25 ===
 
 
25 
 
4922-7462-3590, v. 2 
Dated: October 1, 2025. 
 
 
By:         /s/ Philip Parsons               
Philip Parsons 
Chief Executive Officer 
Razzoo’s, Inc. 
Case 25-90522   Document 16   Filed in TXSB on 10/01/25   Page 25 of 25

