=== page 1 ===
Case 26-11060-TMH    Doc 15-1    Filed 07/07/26    Page 1 of 17

Exhibit A

Proposed Order

=== page 2 ===
Case 26-11060-TMH    Doc 15-1    Filed 07/07/26    Page 2 of 17

IN THE UNITED STATES BANKRUPTCY COURT

FOR THE DISTRICT OF DELAWARE

Chapter 11

In re:

Case No. 26-11060 (TMH)

Pacifica of the Valley Corp.,1

Debtor.

ORDER AUTHORIZING THE DEBTOR TO EMPLOY AND RETAIN KURTZMAN

CARSON CONSULTANTS, LLC DBA VERITA GLOBAL AS CLAIMS AND

NOTICING AGENT EFFECTIVE AS OF JULY 4, 2026

Upon the application (the “Application”)2 of the above-captioned debtor and debtor in

possession (the “Debtor”) for entry of an order (this “Order”) for authority to employ and retain

Kurtzman Carson Consultants, LLC dba Verita Global (“Verita”) as claims and noticing agent in

the Debtor’s chapter 11 case (the “Claims and Noticing Agent”) effective as of the Petition Date,

all as more fully set forth in the Application; and upon the First Day Declaration; and this Court

having jurisdiction over this matter pursuant to 28 U.S.C. §§ 157 and 1334 and the Standing Order

of Reference from the United States District Court for the District of Delaware, dated February 29,

2012; and that this Court may enter a final order consistent with Article III of the United States

Constitution; and this Court having found that venue of this proceeding and the Application in this

district is proper pursuant to 28 U.S.C. §§ 1408 and 1409; and this Court having found that the

relief requested in the Application is in the best interests of the Debtor’s estate, its creditors, and

other parties in interest; and this Court having found that the Debtor’s notice of the Application

and opportunity for a hearing on the Application were appropriate under the circumstances and no

1  
The Debtor in this Chapter 11 Case, along with the last four digits of the Debtor’s federal tax identification 
number, is 7312. The Debtor’s mailing address is 9449 San Fernando Road, Sun Valley, CA 91352.

2  
Capitalized terms used but not otherwise defined herein have the meanings ascribed to them in the Application.

=== page 3 ===
Case 26-11060-TMH    Doc 15-1    Filed 07/07/26    Page 3 of 17

other notice need be provided; and this Court having reviewed the Application and having heard

the statements in support of the relief requested therein at a hearing before this Court

(the “Hearing”); and this Court having determined that the legal and factual bases set forth in the

Application and at the Hearing establish just cause for the relief granted herein; and upon all of

the proceedings had before this Court; and after due deliberation and sufficient cause appearing

therefor, it is HEREBY ORDERED THAT:

1. 
Notwithstanding the terms of the Engagement Letter attached hereto, the

Application is approved solely as set forth in this Order.

2. 
The Debtor is authorized to retain Verita, effective as of the Petition Date, under

the terms of the Engagement Agreement, and Verita is authorized and directed to perform noticing

services and to receive, maintain, record and otherwise administer the proofs of claim filed in this

case, and all related tasks, all as described in the Application (the “Claims and Noticing Services”).

3. 
Verita shall serve as the custodian of court records and shall be designated as the

authorized repository for all proofs of claim filed in this chapter 11 case (if any) and is authorized

and directed to maintain official claims register for the Debtor, to provide public access to every

proof of claim unless otherwise ordered by the Court and to provide the Clerk with a certified

duplicate thereof upon the request of the Clerk.

4. 
Verita is authorized and directed to provide an electronic interface for filing proofs

of claim and to obtain a post office box or address for the receipt of proofs of claim (if necessary).

5. 
Verita is authorized to take such other action to comply with all duties set forth in

the Application.

6. 
Without further order of this Court, the Debtor is authorized to compensate and

reimburse Verita in accordance with the terms and conditions of the Engagement Agreement upon

2

=== page 4 ===
Case 26-11060-TMH    Doc 15-1    Filed 07/07/26    Page 4 of 17

receipt of reasonably detailed invoices setting forth the services provided by Verita and the rates

charged for each, and to reimburse Verita for all reasonable and necessary expenses it may incur,

upon the presentation of appropriate documentation, without the need for Verita to file fee

applications or otherwise seek Court approval for the compensation of its services and

reimbursement of its expenses.

7. 
Verita shall maintain records of all services performed showing dates, categories of

services, fees charged, and expenses incurred, and shall serve monthly invoices on the Debtor, the

U.S. Trustee, counsel to the Debtor, counsel to any official committee monitoring the expenses of

the Debtor, and any party-in-interest who specifically requests service of the monthly invoices.

8. 
The parties shall meet and confer in an attempt to resolve any dispute which may

arise relating to the Engagement Agreement or monthly invoices, and the parties may seek

resolution of such matter from this Court if resolution is not achieved.

9. 
Pursuant to section 503(b)(1)(A) of the Bankruptcy Code, the fees and expenses of

Verita under this Order shall be an administrative expense of the Debtor’s estate.

10. 
The Debtor shall indemnify Verita under the terms of the Engagement Agreement,

as modified pursuant to this Order.

11. 
Verita shall not be entitled to indemnification, contribution, or reimbursement

pursuant to the Engagement Agreement for services other than the Claims and Noticing Services,

as provided under the Engagement Agreement, unless such services and the indemnification,

contribution, or reimbursement therefore is approved by this Court.

12. 
Notwithstanding anything to the contrary in the Engagement Agreement, the

Debtor shall have no obligation to indemnify Verita, or provide contribution or reimbursement to

Verita, for any losses, claims, damages, judgments, liabilities or expense that are either: (a)

3

=== page 5 ===
Case 26-11060-TMH    Doc 15-1    Filed 07/07/26    Page 5 of 17

judicially determined (the determination having become final) to have arisen from Verita’s gross

negligence, willful misconduct, or fraud; (b) for a contractual dispute in which the Debtor alleges

the breach of Verita’s contractual obligations, if this Court determines that indemnification,

contribution, or reimbursement would not be permissible pursuant to United Artists Theatre Co. v.

Walton (In re United Artists Theatre Co.), 315 F.3d 217 (3d Cir. 2003); or (c) settled prior to a

judicial determination under subsection (a) or (b), but determined by this Court, after notice and a

hearing, to be a claim or expense for which Verita should not receive indemnity, contribution, or

reimbursement under the terms of the Engagement Agreement as modified by this Order.

13. 
Before the earlier of: (a) the entry of an order confirming a chapter 11 plan in this

chapter 11 case (that order having become a final order no longer subject to appeal); and (b) the

entry of an order closing this chapter 11 case, should Verita believe that it is entitled to the payment

of any amounts by the Debtor on account of the Debtor’s indemnification, contribution, or

reimbursement obligations under the Engagement Agreement (as modified by this Order),

including, without limitation, the advancement of defense costs, Verita must file an application in

this Court, and the Debtor may not pay any such amounts to Verita before the entry of an order by

this Court approving such application and the payment requested therein.  This paragraph is

intended only to specify the period of time under which this Court shall have jurisdiction over any

request for fees and expenses by Verita for indemnification, contribution, or reimbursement, and

not a provision limiting the duration of the Debtor’s obligation to indemnify Verita.  All parties in

interest shall retain the right to object to any demand by Verita for indemnification, contribution,

or reimbursement.

14. 
In the event Verita is unable to provide the Claims and Noticing Services, Verita

will immediately notify the Clerk and the Debtor’s attorney and cause to have all original proofs

4

=== page 6 ===
Case 26-11060-TMH    Doc 15-1    Filed 07/07/26    Page 6 of 17

of claim and computer information turned over to another claims and noticing agent with the

advice and consent of the Clerk and Debtor’s attorney.

15. 
The Debtor may submit a separate retention application, pursuant to section 327 of

the Bankruptcy Code or any applicable law, for work that is to be performed by Verita but is not

specifically authorized by this Order.

16. 
The Debtor and Verita are authorized to take all steps necessary to effectuate the

relief granted pursuant to this Order in accordance with the Application.

17. 
Notwithstanding any term in the Engagement Agreement to the contrary, this Court

shall retain exclusive jurisdiction to hear and determine all matters arising from or related to the

implementation, interpretation, or enforcement of this Order.

18. 
Verita shall not cease providing claims processing services during this chapter 11

case for any reason, including nonpayment, without an order of this Court.

19. 
In the event of any inconsistency between the Engagement Agreement, the

Application, and this Order, the terms of this Order shall govern.

20. 
Notice of the Application as provided therein shall be deemed good and sufficient

notice of such Application and the requirements of Bankruptcy Rule 6004(a) and the Local Rules

are satisfied by such notice.

5

=== page 7 ===
Case 26-11060-TMH    Doc 15-1    Filed 07/07/26    Page 7 of 17

Exhibit 1

Engagement Agreement

=== page 8 ===
Case 26-11060-TMH    Doc 15-1    Filed 07/07/26    Page 8 of 17

VERITA AGREEMENT FOR SERVICES

This Agreement is entered into as of the 6 day of July 2026, between Pacifica Hospital of the Valley 
(together with its affiliates and subsidiaries, the “Company”),1 and Kurtzman Carson Consultants, LLC dba 
Verita Global (together with its affiliates and subcontractors, “Verita”). In consideration of the premises set 
forth herein and other good and valuable consideration, the receipt and sufficiency of which are hereby 
acknowledged, the parties hereto agree as follows:

Terms and Conditions 
 
I. 
SERVICES 
 
A. 
Verita agrees to provide the Company with consulting services regarding noticing, claims 
management and reconciliation, plan solicitation, balloting, disbursements and any other services agreed 
upon by the parties or otherwise required by applicable law, government regulations or court rules or orders. 
 
B. 
Verita further agrees to provide (i) computer software support and training in the use of the support 
software, (ii) Verita’s standard reports as well as consulting and programming support for the Company 
requested reports, (iii) program modifications, (iv) data base modifications, and/or (v) other features and 
services in accordance with the fees outlined in a pricing schedule provided to the Company (the “Verita 
Fee Structure”). 
 
C. 
Without limiting the generality of the foregoing, Verita may, upon request by the Company, 
(i) provide a communications plan including, but not limited to, preparation of communications materials, 
dissemination of information and a call center staffed by Verita and/or (ii) provide confidential on-line 
workspaces or virtual data rooms and publish documents to such workspaces or data rooms (which 
publication shall not be deemed to violate the confidentiality provisions of this Agreement). 
 
D. 
The price listed for each service in the Verita Fee Structure represents a bona fide proposal for such 
services, which may be accepted in whole or in part.  Services will be provided when requested by the 
Company or required by applicable law, government regulations or court rules or orders.  Services are 
mutually exclusive and are deemed delivered and accepted by the Company when provided by Verita.  
 
E. 
The Company acknowledges and agrees that Verita will often take direction from the Company’s 
representatives, employees, agents and/or professionals (collectively, the “Company Parties”) with respect 
to the services being provided under this Agreement.  The parties agree that Verita may rely upon, and the 
Company agrees to be bound by, any requests, advice or information provided by the Company Parties to 
the same extent as if such requests, advice or information were provided by the Company.  The Company 
agrees and understands that Verita shall not provide the Company or any other party with any legal advice. 
 
II. 
PRICES, CHARGES AND PAYMENT 
 
A. 
Verita agrees to charge and the Company agrees to pay Verita for its services at the rates and prices 
set by Verita that are in effect as of the date of this Agreement and in accordance with the Verita Fee 
Structure.  Verita’s prices are generally adjusted periodically to reflect changes in the business and 
economic environment and are inclusive of all charges.  Verita reserves the right to reasonably increase its

1  
The term Company shall include, to the extent applicable, the Company, as debtor and debtor in possession 
in its chapter 11 case, together with any affiliated debtors and debtors in possession whose chapter 11 cases are jointly 
administered with the Company’s chapter 11 case.

=== page 9 ===
Case 26-11060-TMH    Doc 15-1    Filed 07/07/26    Page 9 of 17

VERITA AGREEMENT FOR SERVICES

prices, charges and rates; provided, however, that if any such increase exceeds 15%, Verita will give thirty 
(30) days written notice to the Company. 
 
B. 
In addition to fees and charges for services, the Company agrees to pay Verita’s reasonable 
transportation, lodging, and meal expenses incurred in connection with services provided under this 
Agreement.   
 
C. 
In addition to all fees for services and expenses hereunder, the Company shall pay to Verita (i) any 
fees and charges related to, arising out of, or as a result of any error or omission made by the Company or 
the Company Parties, as mutually determined by Verita and the Company, and (ii) all taxes that are 
applicable to this Agreement or that are measured by payments made under this Agreement and are required 
to be collected by Verita or paid by Verita to a taxing authority. 
 
D. 
Where the Company requires services that are unusual or beyond the normal business practices of 
Verita, or are otherwise not provided for in the Verita Fee Structure, the cost of such services shall be 
charged to the Company at a competitive rate.   
 
E. 
Verita agrees to submit its invoices to the Company monthly and the Company agrees that the 
amount invoiced is due and payable upon the Company’s receipt of the invoice. Verita’s invoices will 
contain reasonably detailed descriptions of charges for both hourly (fees) and non-hourly (expenses) case 
specific charges. Where total invoice amounts are expected to exceed $10,000 in any single month and 
Verita reasonably believes it will not be paid, Verita may require advance payment from the Company due 
and payable upon demand and prior to the performance of services hereunder.  If any amount is unpaid as 
of thirty (30) days from the receipt of the invoice, the Company further agrees to pay a late charge, 
calculated as two and one-half percent (2-1/2%) of the total amount unpaid every thirty (30) days.  In the 
case of a dispute in the invoice amount, the Company shall give written notice to Verita within ten (10) 
days of receipt of the invoice by the Company.  The undisputed portion of the invoice will remain due and 
payable immediately upon receipt of the invoice.  Late charges shall not accrue on any amounts in dispute 
or any amounts unable to be paid due to Court order or applicable law.  Unless otherwise agreed to in 
writing, the fees for print notice and media publication (including commissions) must be paid at least three 
(3) days in advance of those fees and expenses being incurred.   
 
F. 
In the event that the Company files for protection pursuant to chapter 11 of the United States 
Bankruptcy Code (a “Chapter 11 Filing”), the parties intend that Verita shall be employed pursuant to 28 
U.S.C. § 156(c) to the extent possible and otherwise in accordance with applicable Bankruptcy law and that 
all amounts due under this Agreement shall, to the extent possible, be paid as administrative expenses of 
the Company’s chapter 11 estate.  As soon as practicable following a Chapter 11 Filing (and otherwise in 
accordance with applicable law and rules and orders of the Bankruptcy Court), the Company shall cause 
pleadings to be filed with the Bankruptcy Court seeking entry of an order or orders approving this 
Agreement (the “Retention Order”).  The form and substance of the pleadings and the Retention Order shall 
be reasonably acceptable to Verita.  If any Company chapter 11 case converts to a case under chapter 7 of 
the Bankruptcy Code, Verita will continue to be paid for its services in accordance with the terms of this 
Agreement.  The parties recognize and agree that if there is a conflict between the terms of this Agreement 
and the terms of the Retention Order, the terms of the Retention Order shall govern during the chapter 11 
or other proceeding.

=== page 10 ===
Case 26-11060-TMH    Doc 15-1    Filed 07/07/26    Page 10 of 17

VERITA AGREEMENT FOR SERVICES

III. 
RIGHTS OF OWNERSHIP 
 
A. 
The parties understand that the software programs and other materials furnished by Verita pursuant 
to this Agreement and/or developed during the course of this Agreement by Verita are the sole property of 
Verita.  The term “program” shall include, without limitation, data processing programs, specifications, 
applications, routines, and documentation.  The Company agrees not to copy or permit others to copy the 
source code from the support software or any other programs or materials furnished pursuant to this 
Agreement. 
 
B. 
The Company further agrees that any ideas, concepts, know-how or techniques relating to data 
processing or Verita’s performance of its services developed or utilized during the term of this Agreement 
by Verita shall be the exclusive property of Verita.  Fees and expenses paid by the Company do not vest in 
the Company any rights in such property, it being understood that such property is only being made 
available for the Company’s use during and in connection with the services provided by Verita under this 
Agreement. 
 
IV. 
NON-SOLICITATION 
 
The Company agrees that neither it nor its subsidiaries or other affiliated companies shall directly or 
indirectly solicit for employment, employ or otherwise retain employees of Verita during the term of this 
Agreement and for a period of twelve (12) months after termination of this Agreement unless Verita 
provides prior written consent to such solicitation or retention. 
 
V. 
CONFIDENTIALITY 
 
Each of Verita and the Company, on behalf of themselves and their respective employees, agents, 
professionals and representatives, agrees to keep confidential all non-public records, systems, procedures, 
software and other information received from the other party in connection with the services provided under 
this Agreement; provided, however, that if either party reasonably believes that it is required to produce 
any such information by order of any governmental agency or other regulatory body it may, upon not less 
than five (5) business days’ written notice to the other party, release the required information. 
 
VI. 
SUSPENSION OF SERVICE AND TERMINATION 
 
A. 
This Agreement shall remain in force until terminated or suspended by either party (i) upon thirty 
(30) days’ written notice to the other party or (ii) immediately upon written notice for Cause (defined 
herein).  As used herein, the term “Cause” means (i) gross negligence or willful misconduct of Verita that 
causes serious and material harm to the Company’s reorganization under chapter 11 of the Bankruptcy 
Code, (ii) the failure of the Company to pay Verita invoices for more than sixty (60) days from the date of 
invoice, or (iii) the accrual of invoices or unpaid services in excess of the retainer held by Verita where 
Verita reasonably believes it will not be paid. 
 
B. 
In the event that this contract is terminated, regardless of the reason for such termination, Verita 
shall coordinate with the Company and, to the extent applicable, the clerk of the Bankruptcy Court, to 
maintain an orderly transfer of record keeping functions and Verita shall provide all necessary staff, services 
and assistance required for an orderly transfer.  The Company agrees to pay for such services in accordance 
with Verita’s then existing prices for such services.  If such termination occurs following entry of the 
Retention Order, the Company shall immediately seek entry of an order (in form and substance reasonably

=== page 11 ===
Case 26-11060-TMH    Doc 15-1    Filed 07/07/26    Page 11 of 17

VERITA AGREEMENT FOR SERVICES

acceptable to Verita) that discharges Verita from service and responsibility in the Company’s bankruptcy 
case. 
 
C. 
Any data, programs, storage media or other materials furnished by the Company to Verita or 
received by Verita in connection with the services provided under the terms of this Agreement may be 
retained by Verita until the services provided are paid for, or until this Agreement is terminated with the 
services paid in full.  The Company shall remain liable for all fees and expenses imposed under this 
Agreement as a result of data or physical media maintained or stored by Verita.  Verita shall dispose of the 
data and media in the manner requested by the Company.  The Company agrees to pay Verita for reasonable 
expenses incurred as a result of the disposition of data or media.  If the Company has not utilized Verita’s 
services under this Agreement for a period of at least ninety (90) days, Verita may dispose of the data or 
media, and be reimbursed by the Company for the expense of such disposition, after giving the Company 
thirty (30) days’ notice.  Notwithstanding any term herein to the contrary, following entry of the Retention 
Order, the disposition of any data or media by Verita shall be in accordance with any applicable instructions 
from the clerk of the Bankruptcy Court, local Bankruptcy Court rules and orders of the Bankruptcy Court. 
 
VII. 
SYSTEM IMPROVEMENTS 
 
Verita strives to provide continuous improvements in the quality of service to its clients.  Verita, therefore, 
reserves the right to make changes in operating procedure, operating systems, programming languages, 
general purpose library programs, application programs, time period of accessibility, types of terminal and 
other equipment and the Verita data center serving the Company, so long as any such changes do not 
materially interfere with ongoing services provided to the Company in connection with the Company’s 
chapter 11 case. 
 
VIII. 
ARTIFICIAL INTELLIGENCE (AI) 
 
Verita may use AI-assisted tools solely to support service delivery (e.g., data processing, fraud detection, 
communications). Such tools do not independently make decisions affecting individuals. Personal 
information processed via such tools is subject to the same contractual restrictions, security measures, and 
data protection obligations as all other processing, and is not used to train shared or third-party AI models. 
 
IX. 
LIMITATIONS OF LIABILITY AND INDEMNIFICATION  
 
A. 
The Company shall indemnify and hold Verita, its affiliates, members, directors, officers, 
employees, consultants, subcontractors and agents (collectively, the “Indemnified Parties”) harmless, to the 
fullest extent permitted by applicable law, from and against any and all losses, claims, damages, judgments, 
liabilities and expenses (including reasonable counsel fees and expenses) (collectively, “Losses”) resulting 
from, arising out of or related to Verita’s performance under this Agreement. Such indemnification shall 
exclude Losses resulting from Verita’s gross negligence or willful misconduct.  Without limiting the 
generality of the foregoing, Losses include any liabilities resulting from claims by any third-parties against 
any Indemnified Party.  The Company shall notify Verita in writing promptly upon the assertion, threat or 
commencement of any claim, action, investigation or proceeding that the Company becomes aware of with 
respect to the services provided by Verita under this Agreement.  The Company’s indemnification 
obligations hereunder shall survive the termination of this Agreement. 
 
B. 
Except as provided herein, Verita’s liability to the Company or any person making a claim through 
or under the Company for any Losses of any kind, even if Verita has been advised of the possibility of such

=== page 12 ===
Case 26-11060-TMH    Doc 15-1    Filed 07/07/26    Page 12 of 17

VERITA AGREEMENT FOR SERVICES

Losses, whether direct or indirect and unless due to gross negligence or willful misconduct of Verita, shall 
be limited to the total amount billed or billable to the Company for the portion of the particular work which 
gave rise to the alleged Loss.  In no event shall Verita be liable for any indirect, special or consequential 
damages such as loss of anticipated profits or other economic loss in connection with or arising out of the 
services provided for in this Agreement.  In no event shall Verita’s liability to the Company for any Losses, 
whether direct or indirect, arising out of this Agreement exceed the total amount billed to the Company and 
actually paid to Verita for the services contemplated under the Agreement; provided, however, that this 
limitation shall not apply to the Company during any chapter 11 case in which the Company is a debtor.   
 
C. 
The Company is responsible for the accuracy of the programs, data and information it or any 
Company Party submits for processing to Verita and for the output of such information.  Verita does not 
verify information provided by the Company and, with respect to the preparation of schedules and 
statements, all decisions are at the sole discretion and direction of the Company.  The Company reviews 
and approves all schedules and statements filed on behalf of, or by, the Company; Verita bears no 
responsibility for the accuracy or contents therein.  The Company agrees to initiate and maintain backup 
files that would allow the Company to regenerate or duplicate all programs and data submitted by the 
Company to Verita. 
 
D. 
The Company agrees that except as expressly set forth herein, Verita makes no representations or 
warranties, express or implied, including, but not limited to, any implied or express warranty of 
merchantability, fitness or adequacy for a particular purpose or use, quality, productiveness or capacity. 
 
X. 
FORCE MAJEURE 
 
Verita will not be liable for any delay or failure in performance when such delay or failure arises from 
circumstances beyond its reasonable control, including without limitation acts of God, acts of government 
in its sovereign or contractual capacity, acts of public enemy or terrorists, acts of civil or military authority, 
war, riots, civil strife, terrorism, blockades, sabotage, rationing, embargoes, epidemics, pandemics, 
outbreaks of infectious diseases or any other public health crises, earthquakes, fire, flood, other natural 
disaster, quarantine or any other employee restrictions, power shortages or failures, utility or 
communication failure or delays, labor disputes, strikes, or shortages, supply shortages, equipment failures, 
or software malfunctions. 
 
XI. 
INDEPENDENT CONTRACTORS 
 
The Company and Verita are and shall be independent contractors of each other and no agency, partnership, 
joint venture or employment relationship shall arise, directly or indirectly, as a result of this Agreement. 
 
XII. 
NOTICES 
 
All notices and requests in connection with this Agreement shall be given or made upon the respective 
parties in writing and shall be deemed as given as of the third day following the day it is deposited in the 
U.S. Mail, postage pre-paid or on the day it is given if sent by facsimile or electronic mail or on the day 
after the day it is sent if sent by overnight courier to the appropriate address set forth below:

=== page 13 ===
Case 26-11060-TMH    Doc 15-1    Filed 07/07/26    Page 13 of 17

VERITA AGREEMENT FOR SERVICES

KCC/Verita Global, LLC 
222 N. Pacific Coast Highway, 3rd Floor 
El Segundo, CA  90245 
Attn:  Drake D. Foster 
Tel: (310) 823-9000 
Fax: (310) 823-9133 
E-Mail: dfoster@veritaglobal.com

Company 
Address 
City, ST Zip 
Attn: 
Email: 
Tel: 
Fax: 
 
Or to such other address as the party to receive the notice or request so designates by written notice to the 
other. 
 
XIII. 
APPLICABLE LAW 
 
The validity, enforceability, and performance of this Agreement shall be governed by and construed in 
accordance with the laws of the State of California.  
 
XIV. 
ENTIRE AGREEMENT/ MODIFICATIONS 
 
Each party acknowledges that it has read this Agreement, understands it, and agrees to be bound by its 
terms and further agrees that it is the complete and exclusive statement of the agreement between the parties, 
which supersedes and merges all prior proposals, understandings, other agreements, and communications 
oral and written between the parties relating to the subject matter of this Agreement.  The Company 
represents that it has the authority to enter into this Agreement, and the Agreement is non-dischargeable 
under any applicable statute or law.  If any provision of this Agreement shall be held to be invalid, illegal 
or unenforceable, the validity, legality and enforceability of the remaining provisions shall in no way be 
affected or impaired thereby.  This Agreement may be modified only by a written instrument duly executed 
by an authorized representative of the Company and an officer of Verita. 
 
XV. 
COUNTERPARTS; EFFECTIVENESS 
 
This Agreement may be executed in two or more counterparts, each of which will be deemed an original 
but all of which together will constitute one and the same instrument.  This Agreement will become effective 
when one or more counterparts have been signed by each of the parties and delivered to the other parties, 
which delivery may be made by exchange of copies of the signature page by facsimile or electronic mail. 
 
XVI. 
ASSIGNMENT 
 
This Agreement and the rights and duties hereunder shall not be assignable by the parties hereto except 
upon written consent of the other, with the exception that this Agreement can be assigned without written 
consent by Verita to a wholly-owned subsidiary or affiliate of Verita.

=== page 14 ===
Case 26-11060-TMH    Doc 15-1    Filed 07/07/26    Page 14 of 17

VERITA AGREEMENT FOR SERVICES

XVII. ATTORNEYS’ FEES 
 
In the event that any legal action, including an action for declaratory relief, is brought to enforce the 
performance or interpret the provisions of this Agreement, the parties agree to reimburse the prevailing 
party’s reasonable attorneys’ fees, court costs, and all other related expenses, which may be set by the 
court in the same action or in a separate action brought for that purpose, in addition to any other relief to 
which the prevailing party may be entitled. 
 
IN WITNESS WHEREOF, the parties hereto have executed this Agreement effective as of the first date 
mentioned above. 
 
Kurtzman Carson Consultants, LLC dba Verita Global 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
BY: Evan Gershbein 
 
 
DATE:  
TITLE: EVP, Corporate Restructuring Services 
 
Company 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
BY: 
 
 
 
 
DATE: 
TITLE:

=== page 15 ===
Case 26-11060-TMH    Doc 15-1    Filed 07/07/26    Page 15 of 17

Fee Structure

Consulting Services & Rates1

Position 
Hourly Rate

Analyst 
Waived

The Analyst processes incoming mail, creditor mail, creditor correspondence and returned mail, and supports the case team 
with administrative tasks as required.

Technology/Programming Consultant2 
$31.50 - $85.50

The Technology/Programming Consultant assists with complex system requests, including unique claim/ballot reporting and 
custom website updates.

Consultant/Senior Consultant/Director 
$58.50 - $216.00

The Consultant is the day-to-day contact for mailings, including the preparation and ﬁling of afﬁdavits of service (a critical due 
process component).  He/she also responds to creditor and counsel inquiries, maintains the public access website, identiﬁes 
actionable pleadings (i.e., claims objections, notices of transfer, withdrawals, etc.) and updates the ofﬁcial claims register. 
Verita’s Consultants average over six years of experience.

The Senior Consultant manages the various data collection processes required by the chapter 11 process.  This includes, 
among other things, compiling the creditor matrix and Schedules/SOFAs (and generating drafts of same for counsel and 
advisors), reviewing and processing claims, overseeing contract review, overseeing all mailings and generating custom claim 
and ballot reports. Verita’s Senior Consultants average over seven years of experience.

The Director is the primary contact for the company, counsel and other professionals and oversees and supports the entirety 
of an engagement. Verita’s Directors average over twelve years of experience and are generally former practitioners.

Securities/Senior Consultant 
$220.50

The Securities/Senior Consultant is the day-to-day contact and acts as advisor on transactions including balloting with 
treatment election, rights offers, exchange offers and complex plan distributions. This position handles service of related 
materials to banks, brokers and agents and manages tabulation and audit processes, preparing detailed reporting of results. 
In addition, the Solicitation Consultant provides support on all voting, tabulation, Schedule and SOFA services and other 
additional complex consulting tasks.

Securities Lead/Director 
$225

The Securities Lead/Director oversees all activities of the group and provide counsel with respect to solicitation and noticing 
events ensuring that processes employed are effective and practical for securities depositories, bank, brokers, nominees and 
their agents. In addition, the Solicitation Lead provides counsel on all voting, tabulation, Schedule and SOFA services and other 
additional complex consulting tasks.

Holidays and Weekday Overtime3 
Waived

1 Please note that additional professional services not covered by this proposal will be charged at hourly rates, including any outsourced 
services performed under our supervision and control. 
2 Certain technology development fees may be applicable. 
3 Certain additional charges may apply for weekend services.

=== page 16 ===
Case 26-11060-TMH    Doc 15-1    Filed 07/07/26    Page 16 of 17

Printing & Noticing Services

Service 
Fee

Printing 
$0.12 per image4  
(volume discounts apply)

Document folding and inserting 
Waived

Envelopes 
Varies by size

E-mail noticing 
Waived5

Fax noticing 
$0.05 per page

Public Securities Events 
Varies by Event

Claim Acknowledgement Card 
Waived

Insert creditor information into customized documents 
Waived

Newspaper/Media 
Quote prior to publishing

Claims Administration & Management Expenses

Service 
Fee

License fee and data storage 
$0.10 per record per month

Database and system access (unlimited users) 
Waived

Custom client reports 
Waived

Access to Verita CaseView (secure, password protected) 
Waived

Proprietary, secured, password protected portal for unlimited users. Comprehensive case data, including extensive real time 
analytics on claim, solicitation and processing information. Functionality to run or request customized reports summarizing 
case analytics

Verita eServices

Service 
Fee

Case website set up & hosting 
Waived

Automated updates of case docket and claims register 
Waived

Online claims ﬁling (ePOC) 
Waived

4 Print surcharges of $0.05 per image may apply to mailings required to be sent outside of normal business hours (8am – 6pm ET, Monday 
through Friday, excluding public holidays) 
5 A set-up fee for email services larger than 50 parties may apply. This set-up fee varies depending on the total number of parties

=== page 17 ===
Case 26-11060-TMH    Doc 15-1    Filed 07/07/26    Page 17 of 17

Document Management/Imaging

Service 
Fee

Electronic imaging (scanning & bar coding) 
$0.10 per imaged page

Virtual Data Room 
Quote prior to VDR set-up

CD-ROMS (mass document storage) 
Varies upon requirements

Call Center Support Services

Service 
Fee

Case-speciﬁc voice-mail box for creditors 
Waived

Interactive Voice Response (“IVR”) 
Set-up and per minute fee waived

Monthly maintenance charge 
Waived

Management of call center 
Standard hourly rates

Disbursements

Service 
Fee

Check issuance 
Quote prior to printing

W-9 mailing and maintenance of TIN database 
See hourly rates and noticing charges

