=== page 1 ===
 
1 
IN THE UNITED STATES BANKRUPTCY COURT  
FOR THE DISTRICT OF DELAWARE 
In re:  
 
US MAGNESIUM LLC,1 
 
Debtor. 
 
 
Chapter 11 
 
Case No. 25-11696 
 
 
 
DECLARATION OF RON THAYER IN SUPPORT OF FIRST DAY MOTIONS 
I, Ron Thayer pursuant to section 1746 of title 27 of the United States Code, hereby declare 
that the following is true and correct to the best of my knowledge, information, and belief: 
1. 
I am the President and Manager of debtor US Magnesium LLC, a limited liability 
company incorporated under the laws of Delaware (“USM” or the “Debtor”).  I have served as 
the President of the Debtor since 2012.   
2. 
As President of the Debtor, I am familiar with and knowledgeable about the 
Debtor’s day-to-day operations, business and financial affairs, and books and records, as well as 
the circumstances leading to the commencement of this Chapter 11 Case (as defined below).  I 
submit this declaration (this “Declaration”) to assist the Court and parties in interest in 
understanding the circumstances compelling the commencement of this Chapter 11 Case and in 
support of the Debtor’s chapter 11 petition and First Day Pleadings (as defined below) filed 
contemporaneously herewith.  I am authorized to submit this Declaration on behalf of the Debtor. 
3. 
Except as otherwise indicated herein, the facts set forth in this Declaration are based 
upon my personal knowledge, my review of relevant documents, information provided to me by 
employees of the Debtor, my opinion based on experience, knowledge, and information 
 
1 The last four digits of the Debtor’s federal tax identification number are 5446.  The Debtor’s address is 238 N 2200 
W, Salt Lake City, Utah 84116  
Case 25-11696-BLS    Doc 4    Filed 09/10/25    Page 1 of 37

=== page 2 ===
  
2 
concerning the Debtor’s operations and financial condition, or from my discussions with the 
Debtor’s advisors.  If called upon to testify, I would and could testify competently to the facts set 
forth in this Declaration on that basis.  
4. 
On the date hereof (the “Petition Date”), the Debtor commenced with the United 
States Bankruptcy Court for the District of Delaware (the “Court”) a voluntary case (the “Chapter 
11 Case”) under chapter 11 of title 11 of the United States Code (the “Bankruptcy Code”).  The 
Debtor is authorized to continue to operate its business and manage its properties as a debtor in 
possession pursuant to sections 1107(a) and 1108 of the Bankruptcy Code.  This Declaration is 
provided in support of the Debtor’s chapter 11 petition and other motions and applications that the 
Debtor has filed with the Court, including the First Day Pleadings (as defined herein). 
5. 
This Declaration is organized in five sections.  Part I provides background 
information on the Debtor’s corporate history and operations.  Part II outlines the Debtor’s capital 
structure and other debt obligations.  Part III describes the circumstances leading to the filing of 
this Chapter 11 Case.  Part IV provides an overview of the sale process contemplated to occur 
within this Chapter 11 Case.  Part V describes the First Day Pleadings and expresses the Debtor’s 
belief that the Court should approve the same. 
Preliminary Statement 
6. 
USM was at one time the largest producer of primary magnesium in North America.  
It operates a facility adjacent to the Great Salt Lake in Rowley, Utah, approximately sixty miles 
west of Salt Lake City (the “Facility”), where magnesium has been produced from the waters of 
the Great Salt Lake since 1972.  USM’s magnesium production business has faced headwinds over 
the last decade due primarily to prolonged periods of depressed market pricing as a result of 
offshore producers (and China in particular) flooding the international market with low-cost 
magnesium products.  Compounding these issues, USM lost an important commercial relationship 
Case 25-11696-BLS    Doc 4    Filed 09/10/25    Page 2 of 37

=== page 3 ===
  
3 
when Allegheny Technologies Inc.—which formerly produced titanium sponge products at its own 
facility on the Great Salt Lake adjacent to USM and which utilized molten magnesium sourced 
directly from USM in its production process—shut down its facility in 2016, eliminating a 
profitable revenue stream for USM.  Finally, a series of essential equipment failures in September 
2021, coupled with a COVID-19 associated inability to timely obtain critical materials, 
replacement parts and services from technicians, ultimately led to a mothballing of magnesium 
operations.  There is no other significant producer of primary magnesium in the United States, and 
primary magnesium is a critical component to United States defense contractors.  The cost to build 
a new primary magnesium production Facility in the U.S. is estimated to exceed $1 billion.  
7. 
Over the course of the past  10 years, USM’s sole member, The Renco Group, Inc. 
(“Renco”), and affiliated entities have provided in excess of $400 million of funding to USM, 
through debt, equity and credit support, which USM has used to fund capital investments, 
operating losses, modifications of operations and restructuring efforts.  Over that same period, 
USM has not paid any dividends or distributions to Renco. 
8. 
As part of its turnaround strategy and to reduce reliance on magnesium production, 
USM launched a new commercial project commencing in 2019 to produce lithium carbonate from 
tailings piles that had accumulated over many years from magnesium production.  USM’s strategy 
sought to capitalize on increased market demand and prices for lithium carbonate, driven primarily 
by an increased interest in electric vehicles and, in turn, increased manufacturing of lithium-ion 
batteries.  USM developed and built a unique lithium carbonate production process and facility.  
Although USM was successful in developing this technology on a commercial scale, it has not yet 
been able to do so at a profit due to a number of factors including falling market prices for lithium 
carbonate, which had dropped precipitously from a high of ~$80,000 per ton in mid-2022 to  less 
Case 25-11696-BLS    Doc 4    Filed 09/10/25    Page 3 of 37

=== page 4 ===
  
4 
than $10,000 per ton currently, representing an over  80% loss of its value over the last two and a 
half years.   
9. 
USM has developed and tested a new Direct Lithium Extraction (DLE) process as 
an enhancement to its current lithium processing operations that will reduce the cost of lithium 
extraction from current non-economic levels to solidly profitable levels. In order to bring the DLE 
processes into full-scale production, significant new capital investment will be required that can 
only be justified by resolution of the issues discussed below.  Once completed and brought on-line 
the new technology will allow for capacity to produce 10,000 tons per year of lithium carbonate 
and would be expected to significantly increase current employee count.   
10. 
In addition to the adverse circumstances described above, the State of Utah—under 
public pressure to address decreased water levels in the Great Salt Lake (“GSL”)—has been 
aggressive in its efforts against USM and other manufacturing concerns that utilize water from the 
GSL to dramatically curtail USM’s water rights.  The State of Utah has likewise endeavored to 
terminate the mineral lease between the parties, which was executed by their respective 
predecessors-in-interest in 1961.  Without a mineral lease and access to GSL water rights, the 
Debtor cannot conduct normalized/profitable business operations or justify any new investments 
in facilities to produce lithium carbonate.  In connection with its efforts to terminate USM’s 
mineral lease and curtail its water rights, the State of Utah sought and obtained an ex parte order 
on December 13, 2024 appointing a receiver over USM and the Facility.  This order was vacated 
one week later due to the lack of due process afforded USM and an inability of the State of Utah 
to demonstrate a threat of imminent harm to the environment by USM.  Also on December 13, 
2024, the State issued notices of cancellation in respect of the mineral lease as well as in respect 
of a separate memorandum of understanding related to lithium carbonate.  The mineral lease is a 
USM-beneficial agreement and thus a critical asset of the USM bankruptcy estate.   
Case 25-11696-BLS    Doc 4    Filed 09/10/25    Page 4 of 37

=== page 5 ===
  
5 
11. 
USM disputes the fundamental merit of allegations by the State of Utah that any of 
the purported violations cited in these notices or filings provide valid grounds to terminate the 
mineral lease.  USM holds steadfast in its belief that the State of Utah has endeavored to terminate 
the mineral lease in an effort to escape the beneficial rights and interests afforded to USM under 
the mineral lease, including, without limitation, water rights and mineral interests.   
12. 
Studies have shown that USM’s water use has caused less than 2% of the human 
water depletion in the GSL.  Those same studies show that 80% of water depletion from the GSL 
is attributable to upstream agricultural use and urban/municipal use.2   
13. 
USM intends to utilize the bankruptcy process to facilitate a Section 363 sale of 
substantially all of its assets to maximize value to its creditors, including the assignment of its 
rights under its mineral lease and water rights. This proposed sale process is absolutely critical to 
realizing value from this Chapter 11 Case and USM’s potential to become a domestic supplier of 
lithium carbonate and magnesium to help meet the United States’ goal of establishing substantial 
critical minerals capacity.   
II. 
General Background 
A. 
Corporate History and Structure 
14. 
The Facility operated by USM was constructed in 1972 by National Lead, Inc.  In 
1979, the Facility and its operations were purchased by AMAX, Inc., which operated the facility 
through its subsidiary AMAX Magnesium Corp.  In 1989, RENMAG, Inc. purchased AMAX 
Magnesium Corp. and changed its name to Magnesium Corporation of America (“MagCorp”).  
In 1993, Renco Metals Corporation became MagCorp’s 100% direct equity owner.  USM began 
 
2 See The Great Salt Lake Strategic Plan, Brian Steed, JD, PhD, Great Salt Lake Commissioner, dated January 15, 
2024. 
Case 25-11696-BLS    Doc 4    Filed 09/10/25    Page 5 of 37

=== page 6 ===
  
6 
operations at the Facility following its acquisition of substantially all of MagCorp’s assets out of 
bankruptcy in 2002.3   
15. 
USM is a wholly owned subsidiary of The Renco Group, Inc. and is a manager-
managed Delaware limited liability company.  Its manager is Ron Thayer, who serves as its 
President.  On August 25, 2025, USM appointed an independent manager, Shaun Martin, in 
connection with USM’s anticipated restructuring.  The independent manager is charged with 
reviewing any transactions proposed between USM and its member (or any of its affiliates) in 
connection with the Chapter 11 Case, and has the sole discretion to approve or not approve any 
such transaction. 
B. 
Historical Operations 
i. 
Magnesium Production 
16. 
USM was once one of the world’s largest producers of magnesium, which has a 
variety of applications across numerous industries, including automotive, aerospace, and defense.  
Magnesium processed at the Facility comes from the water in the Great Salt Lake, which the 
Facility gathers into solar evaporating ponds, creating a concentrated brine rich with magnesium 
chloride and other minerals.  That brine is then subjected to an electrolytic process by which the 
magnesium is separated from the magnesium chloride and converted into metal.  The magnesium 
in the Great Salt Lake is essentially a non-depleting resource, as it is constantly replaced by the 
rivers that flow into the lake.  In addition to magnesium metal, the Facility has historically 
produced other mineral salts, and chemicals including liquid chlorine, hydrochloric acid, ferric 
chloride, calcium chloride, and potassium salts. 
 
3 See In re Magnesium Corporation of America, Case No. 01-14312, Docket No. 283 (Bankr. S.D.N.Y.). 
Case 25-11696-BLS    Doc 4    Filed 09/10/25    Page 6 of 37

=== page 7 ===
  
7 
17. 
Over the last decade, USM has faced a series of both unique and market-wide 
challenges in respect of magnesium production.  In 2016, Allegheny Technologies, Inc. (“ATI”)—
which built a facility next door to the USM’s facility and which utilized molten magnesium 
sourced from USM to manufacture titanium products— shut down its facility.  ATI was one of 
USM’s largest customers and the closing of the ATI facility had a significant, adverse impact on 
USM’s business. USM’s attempts to increase market share to offset the loss of ATI volumes 
proved unsuccessful due to increased low-cost offshore imports.    
18. 
Finally, in September 2021, USM suffered a catastrophic failure of critical 
components of its magnesium and chemical production processes.  Specifically, certain gas 
turbines and associated generators used in connection with the spray dryers to dehydrate 
magnesium chloride brine, unexpectedly failed.  This dramatically reduced the volume of 
magnesium chloride feed, which then had a cascading negative impact on the remaining steps of 
the production process and ultimately compromised USM’s ability to produce magnesium at the 
Facility (collectively, the “Force Majeure Event”).  The shortage of critical materials, parts and 
labor caused by COVID-19 stymied USM’s repair efforts and ultimately lead to the cessation of 
magnesium production.  USM is currently pursuing business interruption claims under applicable 
insurance policies in respect of the Force Majeure Event.   
19. 
To restart magnesium production following the Force Majeure Event, USM would 
need to make substantial capital investments and see a significant increase in magnesium market 
prices.  Alternatively, a magnesium production restart could be catalyzed by the return of titanium 
production at the ATI facility or support from the United States Department of Defense. 
Magnesium operations remain idled as of the Petition Date.  
ii. 
Lithium Production 
Case 25-11696-BLS    Doc 4    Filed 09/10/25    Page 7 of 37

=== page 8 ===
  
8 
20. 
Years before the Force Majeure event, USM began to diversify its operations away 
from magnesium by developing a process to produce lithium carbonate.  The value of lithium 
carbonate in 2022 was on the rise, due to the growing popularity of electric vehicles, which utilize 
lithium-ion batteries.  USM has the raw materials to produce lithium carbonate because it has 
substantial stockpiles of the extracted chloride ores left over and stockpiled as a byproduct from 
USM’s magnesium production processes (the “Feedstock”) which contain lithium chloride salt.   
21. 
To monetize its readily available access to lithium chloride independent of 
magnesium production, USM built a one-of-a-kind lithium processing facility.  This facility 
utilizes new and innovative technology (developed by USM) to convert lithium chloride salts from 
the Feedstock into liquid lithium chloride brine, which is then purified by removing magnesium 
and calcium.  The purified lithium chloride brine is then reacted with high purity soda ash to 
produce battery grade lithium carbonate.  USM owns approximately 1.5 million tons of Feedstock 
stored on site at the Facility which would otherwise be worthless but for USM’s investment in and 
development of this technology.  This method of lithium chloride extraction developed by USM 
is truly unique—no other lithium carbonate manufacturer in North America utilizes this process. 
22. 
Though the technology developed by USM was successful insofar as it is capable 
of producing battery grade lithium carbonate from the Feedstock, production volumes have been 
limited, and the cost of production remains high.  As such, USM has not yet been able to profitably 
produce lithium carbonate.  This is primarily because market prices for lithium carbonate have 
since plummeted—losing approximately 80% of value over the last approximately two and a half 
years—as demand for lithium batteries has waned and Chinese competitors have ramped up 
lithium carbonate production. At the same time, USM’s cost of critical inputs to process its 
feedstock of lithium salts increased.  USM has addressed these problems by developing newer 
technology known as “direct lithium extraction” or “DLE” which will allow USM to produce 
Case 25-11696-BLS    Doc 4    Filed 09/10/25    Page 8 of 37

=== page 9 ===
  
9 
lithium carbonate from the Feedstock far more efficiently.4  Alternative DLE technology is also 
available from third party providers. However, USM anticipates that significant capital investment 
will be required in order to modify, update, replace, and/or supplement USM’s existing equipment 
to implement the new direct lithium extraction technology, which cannot be justified without 
resolution of mineral lease and water rights concerns.  Accordingly, lithium carbonate production 
at the Facility has likewise been idled.  It is anticipated that lithium carbonate production will 
resume after funding has been acquired for the identified capital improvements needed for  lithium 
system modifications.           
C. 
The Consent Decree 
23. 
On June 30, 2021, USM and others (the “Settling Defendants”), entered into a 
Consent Decree (the “Consent Decree”) with the United States on behalf of the Environmental 
Protection Agency (the “EPA”).  The Consent Decree resolved a Second Amended Complaint 
filed by EPA nearly twenty years earlier on December 5, 2002 in the United States District Court 
for the District of Utah (Case No. 01-cv-40), which alleged various violations of the Resource 
Conservation and Recovery Act of 1976, 42 U.S.C. §§ 6901-6992k (the “RCRA”) were occurring 
at the Facility.  In particular, EPA alleged that certain waste streams associated with magnesium 
production were not exempt from RCRA under the Bevill Amendment and, as such, needed to be 
treated or eliminated.  Although USM strongly disputes these assertions, it entered the Consent 
Decree as part of an effort to fully and finally resolve more than 20-years of litigation with the 
EPA. 
 
4 NTD:  Description of DLE to be confirmed with USM.  Query whether the DLE technology referenced here is the 
same as the technology developed to increase efficiency of the production of lithium from Feedstock (as distinct from 
brine) 
Case 25-11696-BLS    Doc 4    Filed 09/10/25    Page 9 of 37

=== page 10 ===
  
10 
24. 
The Consent Decree provided, among other things, for USM to repair, modify, 
and/or install certain production equipment and other infrastructure at the Facility to ensure that 
identified waste streams, as specified in the Consent Decree, generated in connection with 
magnesium production would be properly managed.  The Consent Decree also addressed EPA’s 
contentions that, under the Comprehensive Environmental Response, Compensation & Liability 
Act, 42 U.S.C. § 9605 (“CERCLA”), USM was required to take certain actions with respect to a 
waste pond on its property.  The EPA agreed to establish waste pond closure requirements and 
established the work scope related to the retrofit of the waste pond to bring the pond in compliance 
with the Ground Water Discharge Permit issued to USM by the Utah Department of Environmental 
Quality. 
25. 
As part of the Consent Decree, EPA agreed to put proceeds it had received on 
account of its claims against the MagCorp bankruptcy estate ($32.9 million of present value) into 
five special accounts (the “Special Accounts”).  The Special Accounts served a dual purpose: (1) 
to reimburse USM, under certain circumstances, for costs of completing work required under the 
Consent Decree, and (2) to serve as financial assurance for completion of the work required by the 
Consent Decree.  
26. 
As described in Part III.A of this Declaration, the EPA and USM are currently in 
dispute over whether and the extent to which USM is out of compliance with the Consent Decree.  
D. 
Current Operations 
27. 
As of the Petition Date, USM’s operations are limited to the production of dust 
suppressants, de-icing products, and raw sodium chloride from existing lease property material 
stocks, which USM sells to end users pursuant to supply agreements, and via spot sales in some 
instances (collectively, the “Current Business”).  USM’s employee headcount has been reduced 
Case 25-11696-BLS    Doc 4    Filed 09/10/25    Page 10 of 37

=== page 11 ===
  
11 
significantly to match the current scope of operations.  USM currently employs 22 full-time and 2 
part-time employees.  
III. 
Capital Structure  
A. 
Prepetition Secured Indebtedness 
28. 
USM, as borrower, and Wells Fargo Bank, National Association (“Wells Fargo”), 
as lender, are party to that certain Loan and Security Agreement, dated June 24, 2002, as amended 
from time to time, currently through that certain Forbearance Agreement and Amendment No. 42 
to Loan and Security Agreement dated as of February 19, 2025 (as may be further amended, 
supplemented, or otherwise modified from time to time, the “Prepetition Credit Agreement”).  
The obligations arising under the Prepetition Credit Agreement are secured by substantially all of 
the assets of the Debtor other than owned real property.  As of the Petition Date, the Debtor has 
approximately $67 Million, including Letter of Credit limit of $821,588, in total funded debt 
obligations under the Prepetition Credit Agreement.   
29. 
USM, as borrower, and Renco Global Capital, Inc. (“Renco Global”), as lender, 
are party to that certain Subordinated Loan Agreement, dated as of June 26, 2023 (as may be 
amended, supplemented, or otherwise modified from time to time, the “Renco Global Loan 
Agreement”).  The obligations arising under the Renco Global Loan Agreement are secured by a 
junior security interest in substantially all of the assets of the Debtor other than owned real 
property.  The respective rights of Wells Fargo and Renco Global as lenders to USM are governed 
by that certain Intercreditor and Subordination Agreement, dated as of June 26, 2023.  As of 
September 8, 2025, the Debtor has approximately $45 million in total funded debt obligations 
under the Renco Global Loan Agreement. 
30. 
In addition to the foregoing, on August 28, 2025, The Renco Group, Inc., as lender, 
and USM, as borrower, entered into that certain Subordinated Loan Agreement (as may be 
Case 25-11696-BLS    Doc 4    Filed 09/10/25    Page 11 of 37

=== page 12 ===
  
12 
amended, supplemented, or otherwise modified from time to time, the “Subordinated Loan 
Agreement”).  Pursuant to the Subordinated Loan Agreement, The Renco Group, Inc. provided 
bridge funding to USM in the amount of $2,500,000 to ensure that USM’s liquidity would be 
sufficient to allow it to prepare for and file this Chapter 11 Case.  The obligations arising under 
the Subordinated Loan Agreement are secured by a junior lien in substantially all of the Debtor’s 
assets. 
B. 
Trade Payables 
31. 
In addition to the Company’s secured indebtedness, as of the Petition Date, USM 
has accrued an estimated ~$37MM million to third-party suppliers, vendors, contractors and other 
ordinary course creditors.  In addition, several of these creditors have now obtained judgments 
against USM including, most notably and recently, Kaiser Aluminum Warrick, LLC, which 
obtained a judgment in the amount of approximately $68 million plus interest at 9% on August 5, 
2025 (the “Kaiser Judgment”).5  The Kaiser Judgment relates specifically to damages incurred 
from the Force Majeure Event and USM’s inability to produce magnesium as a result thereof.  
Many other trade vendors incurred claims arising from USM’s efforts to either (x) improve lithium 
carbonate operations or (y) comply with its requirements under the Consent Decree. 
IV. 
Events Leading to This Chapter 11 Case 
A. 
Issues with the EPA 
32. 
On July 18, 2024, the EPA sent USM a Notice of Noncompliance in respect of the 
Consent Decree, alleging that USM has failed to comply with the Consent Decree by: (i) failing to 
provide additional financial assurance, (ii) failing to complete modifications to the magnesium 
production process (even though it is no longer operating), (iii) failing to retrofit its waste pond, 
 
5 Kaiser Aluminum Warrick, LLC v. US Magnesium LLC, No. 22-cv-03105  
Case 25-11696-BLS    Doc 4    Filed 09/10/25    Page 12 of 37

=== page 13 ===
  
13 
and (vi) failing to deliver a Conditional Partial Assignment and Grant of Rights in favor of EPA 
to ensure that EPA would have access to necessary resources to implement the Salt Cap Closure 
Plan in the event of a default by USM (which also required consent of the State of Utah, which it 
has refused to give). 
33. 
USM has disputed the allegations that it has failed to comply with the Consent 
Decree.  To the contrary, USM has incurred millions in costs and expenses performing substantial 
work pursuant to the Consent Decree.  In regard to major expenditures related to Rowley site 
environmental work, USM has spent more than $23 million on CERCLA and RCRA-related work 
and has incurred another $11 million in connection with the same. USM also paid an additional 
$13 million in EPA fees and other oversight costs. 
34. 
In addition to the foregoing, USM has spent significant funds  conducting and 
complying with ground water reporting requirements under its Ground Water Discharge Permit, 
which was issued to it by the Utah Department of Environmental Quality (“UDEQ”).  Specifically, 
USM is required to maintain certain monitoring wells along the perimeter of its waste ponds, 
through which any discharge or migration of contaminants from the site into the Great Salt Lake 
can be detected.  Results from this monitoring, which USM conducts through an independent third 
party, are then reported to UDEQ on a periodic basis.  Critically, no third party that has conducted 
monitoring and attendant reporting to UDEQ has ever indicated or reported the presence of 
regulated compounds in wastewater discharge from the site.  Notwithstanding the dire financial 
circumstances of USM, third party monitoring and reporting relating to the ground water wells 
continues. 
35. 
In respect of the RCRA magnesium process control items under the Consent Decree 
that the EPA suggests must be completed, as well as the supposed need for additional financial 
assurance, these items were only necessary to address the identified waste being generated by 
Case 25-11696-BLS    Doc 4    Filed 09/10/25    Page 13 of 37

=== page 14 ===
  
14 
ongoing magnesium production.  USM is not producing magnesium and has not done so in 3 years.  
Accordingly, USM is not generating any of the wastes that required storage or treatment under the 
Consent Decree.  Yet, EPA continues to insist that these projects be completed.  USM has assured 
EPA that it will complete these projects if and when USM were to resume magnesium production.  
36. 
As to the retrofitting of the waste pond, USM did complete substantial work on that 
project but ultimately was forced to stop progress when it ran out of financial resources and its 
contractors refused to do further work.  USM has attempted to explain to the EPA that it has no 
money to perform further work and has repeatedly implored the EPA to release funds from the 
Special Accounts – money set aside expressly for the contemplated work – to enable USM to do 
so.  Unfortunately to date, EPA’s response to USM’s requests has been to demand even more 
money from USM in the form of additional financial assurance.   
37. 
USM shares EPA’s goal of retrofitting the waste pond as soon as practicable.  In 
connection with its Chapter 11 Case, USM intends to attempt to reach alignment with EPA (and 
Utah Division of Water Quality) on a pragmatic approach to completing the waste pond retrofit on 
a schedule that considers current facts and circumstances including, the current state of 
magnesium/lithium carbonate operations and the realities of the current marketplace for these 
materials.  Given a reasonable plan for completion, and agreement on the release of funds from 
the Special Accounts, the proposed stalking horse purchaser fully intends to assume and to satisfy 
requirements under the Consent Decree.   
B. 
Issues with the State of Utah 
i. 
The Mineral Lease and the Lithium MOU 
38. 
USM operates its business pursuant to a Mineral Lease with the State of Utah’s 
Division of Forestry, Fire & State Lands (“FFSL”), which lease was originally executed by the 
Case 25-11696-BLS    Doc 4    Filed 09/10/25    Page 14 of 37

=== page 15 ===
  
15 
parties’ respective predecessors-in-interest in 1961, and which was later amended in 1969.6  The 
Mineral Lease authorizes the lessee “the right to use all of the leased premises . . . for the extraction 
of magnesium chloride and other salts from the waters of the Great Salt Lake, together with the 
right to mine, extract or remove salts from the surface of the lands leased thereunder subject to 
payment of royalties . . . and the production, manufacture, processing and sale thereof . . . .”  See 
Mineral Lease, § 8. 
39. 
The Mineral Lease provides in Section 13 that it is made pursuant to the provisions 
of all applicable law, “and to such rules and regulations as may be hereafter promulgated by the 
State, provided that any such law and any such rules and regulations do not impair the rights 
granted hereunder or enlarge any obligations hereby assumed.”  See Mineral Lease, § 13.  
40. 
As provided in the Mineral Lease, the word “salts” means “all salts and other 
minerals or chemicals extracted from the waters of the Great Salt Lake, or the surface of leased 
acreage.”  See Mineral Lease, § 1.  This definition includes lithium. 
41. 
The Mineral Lease provides for the payment of royalties to the State from USM for 
extracted magnesium chloride at the rates set forth in Section 17 therein.  With respect to “any 
other salts” that are beneficially recovered and sold by USM, the Mineral Lease provides that USM 
shall pay FFSL a royalty at the rate fixed by regulation, if any, then in effect.  Otherwise, “said 
royalty shall be as fixed by agreement between the parties See Mineral Lease, at § 17. 
42. 
The State of Utah, at the time that USM determined to engage in lithium carbonate 
production, had not commenced rulemaking to designate either lithium or lithium carbonate within 
 
6 The Mineral Lease & Option Agreement, dated March 8, 1961, was entered into among the State Land Board 
(predecessor-in-interest to FFSL), as lessor, and James E. Hogle, George E. Hogle, James G. Macey, Bonneville-on-
the-Hill, Rico-Argentine Mining Company, and Kearns-Tribune Corporation (predecessors in interest to USM), as 
lessee, and was later amended by that certain Agreement, dated July 31, 1969, among the State Land Board and H-K, 
Inc. and National Lead Company (collectively, the “Mineral Lease”). 
Case 25-11696-BLS    Doc 4    Filed 09/10/25    Page 15 of 37

=== page 16 ===
  
16 
controlling administrative rule and/or regulation as they pertain to royalty rates attributable to 
extracted minerals, ores, and/or commercial materials.  Therefore, in accordance with Section 17 
of the Mineral Lease, the parties entered into a Memorandum of Understanding Between US 
Magnesium LLC and the Utah Division of Forestry, Fire & State Lands Concerning Interim 
Royalty Agreement for Lithium Carbonate Mining, Extraction and/or Production from the Great 
Salt Lake, dated October 24, 2019 (the “Lithium MOU”).7 
43. 
Under the Lithium MOU, USM agreed to pay royalties for lithium carbonate at the 
rate of .5% per ton for the first two years of production, 1.5% per ton for the third year of 
production, 2.5% per ton for the fourth year of production, and 3.8% for the fifth year of production 
and for so long thereafter as lithium carbonate is extracted and sold in commercial paying 
quantities, or until market conditions dictate otherwise.  The Lithium MOU contemplated that 
“upon completion of FFSL rulemaking as specified in this MOU, the above-stated royalty rates 
and royalty structure will be incorporated into an entirely separate ‘Lithium Carbonate Royalty 
Agreement,’ which terms and conditions will govern the rights, responsibilities and obligations 
between FFSL and US MAG regarding the lithium project and all of the terms and conditions of 
this MOU will be void and of no further legal or equitable effect.”  The State of Utah alleges that 
USM has not paid the State certain royalty amounts allegedly due. USM disputes this assertion. 
ii. 
Efforts to Terminate 
44. 
On December 13, 2024, without warning, FFSL sent notices to USM seeking to 
terminate both the Mineral Lease and the Lithium MOU.  FFSL contends that it has the right to 
terminate the Mineral Lease because USM allegedly breached various provisions.  USM contends 
that the alleged breaches lack merit.  
 
7 A copy of the Lithium MOU is attached here as Exhibit A. 
Case 25-11696-BLS    Doc 4    Filed 09/10/25    Page 16 of 37

=== page 17 ===
  
17 
45. 
In respect of the Lithium MOU, FFSL contends that because USM and FFSL did 
not enter into a “Lithium Carbonate Royalty Agreement” following the formal rulemaking which 
designated lithium carbonate as a royalty bearing substance, which FFSL suggests occurred in 
October 2024, the Lithium MOU is now terminated and of no force and effect.  FFSL also claims, 
based on Utah Code § 65A-6-4(2)(d) that because the Mineral Lease does not expressly include 
the right to extract lithium chloride, a separate royalty agreement is required.   
iii. 
Receivership Action 
46. 
Also on December 13, 2024, FFSL filed a complaint in the Third Judicial District 
Court in Salt Lake County, along with an ex parte motion for the appointment of a receiver.8  The 
complaint, like the notices, is focused on purported violations of the Consent Decree as well as 
Utah environmental protection laws, and included causes of action for trespass, public nuisance, 
and other counts seeking the appointment of a receiver under Utah Code § 78B-21-101 et seq. or 
Utah R. Civ. P. 66, respectively.  Following these filings, the Court responded immediately and 
entered an ex parte order appointing a receiver over USM and its assets on the same day. 
47. 
On December 19, 2024, USM moved to vacate the receivership order, following 
which a hearing was held on December 20, 2024.  At that hearing, the Court granted the motion to 
vacate the receivership order given that USM was given no notice and had no opportunity to be 
heard, and because FFSL presented no evidence to support its contention that ex parte relief was 
necessary to prevent a threat of imminent harm to the environment.   However, USM agreed to 
allow the receiver to remain in place solely to monitor any environmental harm.  The receiver 
engaged a consultant to assess the existence of any imminent threat cited by FFSL as the basis for 
ex parte relief.  That consultant visited the Facility and did not find that an imminent threat to the 
 
8 Utah Division of Forestry, Fire and State Lands v. US Magnesium LLC, Civil No. 240909983. 
Case 25-11696-BLS    Doc 4    Filed 09/10/25    Page 17 of 37

=== page 18 ===
  
18 
environment exists.  At no time since appointment of the limited scope receiver has the receiver 
notified the Court of any environmental issues or concerns associated with the Facility.   
48. 
At the hearing on December 20, 2024, the Court ordered an evidentiary hearing on 
January 3, 2025.  However, prior to the evidentiary hearing, the parties agreed to stay the 
proceedings to allow them to focus on settlement discussions which would involve negotiation of 
a new mineral lease, water usage agreement and a lithium royalty agreement.  The parties engaged 
in settlement negotiations for months, but these discussions ultimately broke down.   
V. 
Contemplated Sale Process 
49. 
On August 21, 2025, USM engaged SSG Capital Advisors, LLC (“SSG”) to 
explore potential going concern transactions and strategic alternatives for USM.  SSG has been 
working closely with the Debtor’s management team and advisors to become well-acquainted with 
the Debtor’s business operations, capital structure and various legal issues likely to arise in this 
Chapter 11 Case.  SSG has prepared an extensive list of potential purchasers, a confidentiality 
agreement for the sale process, and marketing materials including an Executive Summary, in order 
to go to market immediately after the First Day Hearing.  SSG has also populated a virtual data 
room to provide potential purchasers with diligence materials upon execution of the confidentiality 
agreement. 
50. 
USM has received a proposed asset purchase agreement from an affiliate of Renco 
(the “Renco Purchaser”), under which Renco Purchaser would serve as the stalking horse 
purchaser for substantially all assets of USM, which would be acquired pursuant to section 363 of 
the Bankruptcy Code.  Leading up to the Petition Date, USM, including the Independent Manager, 
and its professional advisors negotiated the terms of the Renco Purchaser offer, culminating in an 
agreement (the “Stalking Horse APA”).  USM will continue to market its business as a going 
concern in accordance with its bid procedures motion. 
Case 25-11696-BLS    Doc 4    Filed 09/10/25    Page 18 of 37

=== page 19 ===
  
19 
51. 
The Stalking Horse APA contemplates, among other things, the assignment to 
Renco Purchaser of the Mineral Lease and Lithium MOU, and the assumption by Renco Purchaser 
of liabilities under the Consent Decree-conditioned upon agreement with EPA (and Utah Division 
of Water Quality) as to the plan for completing various projects under the Consent Decree. 
VI. 
First Day Pleadings 
52. 
Contemporaneously herewith, USM has filed a number of pleadings aimed at 
facilitating a smooth transition for USM into chapter 11, stabilizing existing business operations, 
and facilitating the efficient administration of this Chapter 11 Case, including the following 
(collectively, the “First Day Pleadings”):  
B. 
Motion for Entry of Interim and Final Orders Authorizing the Debtor to (I) 
Maintain, Continue, and Renew its Property, Casualty, Liability and Other 
Insurance Policies and Agreements, and (II) Honor all Obligations in Respect 
thereof (the “Insurance Motion”) 
53. 
The Debtor maintains various insurance programs providing coverage for, among 
other things, cargo stock, pollution, general liability, employment benefits liability, workers’ 
compensation liability, employment practices liability, commercial property, international 
package,, business auto directors and officers liability, and commercial umbrella (collectively, the 
“Insurance Programs”). The Insurance Programs include coverage primarily from the insurance 
policies listed on Exhibit A to the Insurance Motion (the “Insurance Policies”), which the Debtor 
has obtained through third-party insurance carriers (the “Insurance Carriers”). The Debtor also 
maintains a Surety Bond program and provides Letters of Credit (“LCs”) as performance security 
for certain obligations. 
54. 
The Debtor seeks entry of an order authorizing, but not directing, the Debtor to (a) 
continue and, to the extent necessary, revise, extend, renew, supplement, or change its prepetition 
Insurance Policies, Surety Bonds and LCs, or enter into new policies, Surety Bonds and LCs, if 
Case 25-11696-BLS    Doc 4    Filed 09/10/25    Page 19 of 37

=== page 20 ===
  
20 
necessary, in the ordinary course of business and (b) pay all prepetition obligations in respect 
thereof, including brokerage and administrative fees (collectively, the “Insurance Obligations”) in 
the ordinary course of business and pay prepetition obligations in respect thereof. 
 
C. 
Motion for an Order (I) Authorizing the Debtor to (A) Continue and Maintain 
its Consolidated Cash Management System, (B) Continue and Maintain its 
Existing Bank Accounts, (C) Use Existing Business Forms and (D) Continue 
to Perform Intercompany Transactions; and (II) Granting Related Relief (the 
“Cash Management Motion”) 
55. 
Cash Management System.  In the ordinary course of its business, the Debtor 
manages its cash, receivables, and payables through a cash management system (the “Cash 
Management System”).  The Cash Management System is designed to efficiently collect, transfer, 
and disburse funds, a schematic of which is attached as Exhibit 1 to the Proposed Orders to the 
Cash Management Motion.  The Cash Management System is comparable to the centralized cash 
management systems commonly used by businesses similar in size and scale to the Debtor. 
56. 
The Debtor maintains accounting controls in connection with its Cash Management 
System and is able to accurately trace the funds flowing through the Cash Management System to 
ensure that all transactions are adequately documented and readily ascertainable.  As a result, the 
Debtor is able to accurately document and record the transactions occurring within the Cash 
Management System for the benefit of all parties in interest. 
57. 
The Debtor’s Bank Accounts.  As of the Petition Date, the Debtor maintained 8 
bank accounts, 7 of which are owned by the Debtor (the “Debtor Bank Accounts”) and 1 of which 
is owned by a non-Debtor entity (the “non-Debtor Bank Account” and together with the Debtor 
Bank Accounts, the “Bank Accounts” maintained at multiple banks, collectively the “Cash 
Management Banks”). 
Case 25-11696-BLS    Doc 4    Filed 09/10/25    Page 20 of 37

=== page 21 ===
  
21 
58. 
The Bank Accounts serve as the main operating accounts for paying items including 
payroll, operating fees, and bank fees.  All funds received in ordinary course by the Debtor are 
deposited into the Bank Accounts. 
59. 
As of the Petition Date, the Bank Accounts are identified on Exhibit 2 attached to 
the Proposed Orders to the Cash Management Motion and are described in the following table: 
Account 
Account Description 
Master Account 
X5742 
The Debtor maintains an account at Wells Fargo 
x5742 as its main operating account into which funds 
are wired or otherwise transferred. 
Funds from the Master Account are, in turn, then 
transferred to the Debtor’s disbursement accounts 
including: (a) Disbursement Account, (b) Payroll 
Account, (c) FSA Account, (d) Health Insurance 
Account, (e) Deferred Compensation Account and the 
non-Debtor Utility Account. As of the petition date, 
the Debtor has approximately $1,000 in this account. 
Lockbox 
X4777 
The Debtor maintains an account at Wells Fargo 
x4777 for the collection of outstanding trade accounts 
receivable 
(the 
“Lockbox 
Account”). 
Funds 
deposited into this account are automatically swept 
daily by Wells Fargo and applied to the outstanding 
balance of the existing Revolving Credit Facility. 
Disbursement Account 
x8059 
The Debtor maintains an account at Wells Fargo 
x8059 for the payment of virtually all trade vendors 
via ACH, wire, checks, etc. (the “Disbursement 
Account”). Cash is transferred daily from the Master 
Account in an amount sufficient to fund the Debtor’ 
obligations in the ordinary course. 
Employee Payroll 
X3800 
The Debtor maintains an account at Wells Fargo 
x3800 from which the Debtor processes standard 
payroll obligations and related obligations (“the 
Payroll Account”). The Payroll Account is manually 
funded for each payroll cycle with cash in the amount 
needed to cover each forthcoming payroll run. Excess 
Case 25-11696-BLS    Doc 4    Filed 09/10/25    Page 21 of 37

=== page 22 ===
  
22 
funds, if any, would be swept back into the Master 
Account. 
Employee Benefits 
x7470 
x8503 
x6860 
The Debtor maintains an account at Wells Fargo 
x7470 for the remittance of funds related to its 
Flexible Spending Account (“FSA Account”) 
program.  Cash is transferred daily from the Master 
Account in an amount sufficient to fund the Debtor’ 
obligations in the ordinary course. 
The Debtor maintains an account at Wells Fargo 
x8503 for the payment of Health Insurance claims 
from the prior self-insured Plan (“Health Insurance 
Account”). Cash is wired from the Master Account in 
an amount sufficient to fund the Debtor’s obligations 
as required. As of the petition date, the Debtor has 
approximately $230 in this account. 
The Debtor maintains an account at Wells Fargo 
x6860 in connection with its Deferred Compensation 
Plan. Cash is wired from the Master Account in an 
amount sufficient to fund the Debtor’s obligations as 
required. As of the petition date, the Debtor has 
approximately $1,200 in this account. 
Non-debtor Bank Account 
X7178 
The Cash Management System integrates a Bank 
Account at Zions Bank held by a certain non-Debtor 
affiliate, as set forth on Exhibit 2 to the Cash 
Management Motion. 
Non-debtor Skull Valley Water Group, LLC 
maintains an account at Zions Bank to fund the 
procurement of water necessary to supply the 
Debtor’s operations. 
The Debtor wires funds from the Master Account in 
an amount sufficient to fund the Debtor’s obligations 
as required. 
60. 
P-Card Program.   As part of the Cash Management System, the Debtor maintains 
a corporate credit card program (the “Corporate Credit Card Program”), pursuant to which certain 
employees are issued purchasing credit cards (the “P-Cards” and the P-Card component of the 
Case 25-11696-BLS    Doc 4    Filed 09/10/25    Page 22 of 37

=== page 23 ===
  
23 
Corporate Credit Card Program, the “P-Card Program”), through Wells Fargo.9  The Debtor only 
provides P-Cards to employees if there is a justifiable business need, with approximately 5 
employees currently holding these cards. The credit limit for each P-Card varies by employee.  The 
aggregate limit of all P-Cards is $25,000. 
61. 
The P-Cards are used by the Debtor’s employees to pay for certain work-related 
expenses, including, but not limited to, office supplies, vendor payments, and small, non-recurring 
purchases made on behalf of the Debtor. Historically, the Debtor spends approximately $10,000 
in the aggregate per month on account of the P-Card Program. The Debtor estimates that there is 
approximately $10,000 outstanding on account of the P-Cards as of the Petition Date.  
62. 
Employees’ continued use of the P-Cards for work-related purposes is essential to 
the Debtor’s postpetition operations. Accordingly, the Debtor seeks authority, but not direction, to 
issue P-Cards pursuant to the P-Card Program, subject to any terms and conditions thereof, and to 
pay prepetition or postpetition amounts, if any, owed with respect thereto, including any 
administrative fees and charges owed in connection therewith, in each case, in the ordinary course 
of business consistent with past practice. 
63. 
Intercompany Transactions.  In the ordinary course of business, the Debtor 
regularly engages in routine transactions with a non-Debtor affiliate (collectively, the 
“Intercompany Transactions”) resulting in intercompany receivables and payables (the 
“Intercompany Claims”). The Debtor accounts for and records all Intercompany Transactions 
and Intercompany Claims in its centralized accounting system, and any such transfers are 
monitored and reconciled on a monthly basis.  
 
9 A copy of that certain WellsOne Commercial Card Express Agreement, dated as of May 18, 2009, by and between 
the Debtor and Wells Fargo is attached as Exhibit 3 to the Proposed Orders 
Case 25-11696-BLS    Doc 4    Filed 09/10/25    Page 23 of 37

=== page 24 ===
  
24 
64. 
Procurement Transactions with a non-Debtor affiliate occur as part of the ordinary 
course operations of the Cash Management System and are essential for the procurement of certain 
utilities.  For instance, Skull Valley Water Group (“Skull Valley”), a non-Debtor, will continue to 
operate as a supplier of water to the Debtor, using ordinary course of business practices. 
65. 
For the foregoing reasons, it is in the best interests of the Debtor, its estate, its 
creditors, and all other parties in interest that the Court grant the relief requested in the Cash 
Management Motion. 
D. 
Motion for Entry of an Order Authorizing the Debtor to (I) Pay Prepetition 
Wages and Other Compensation, and (II) Continue Employee Benefit 
Programs (“Wages Motion”) 
66. 
The Debtor employs approximately twenty-two (22) full-time and two (2) part-time 
employees in Salt Lake City and Rowley, Utah (collectively, the “Employees”).  None of the 
Employees are represented by a union or collective bargaining unit.   
67. 
Wages.  The Debtor pays wages (“Wages”) to its Employees.  ADP processes 
payment of these Wages and the related payroll taxes.  On average, the Debtor pays approximately  
$160,000 in Wages and taxes on a semi-monthly basis. 
68. 
As of the Petition Date, the Debtor is unaware of any Employees who individually 
are owed Wages greater than the $17,150.00 cap established by section 507(a)(4) of the 
Bankruptcy Code. 
69. 
Leave Policies.  The Debtor offers Employees other forms of compensation, 
including vacation days, holidays, civic duties leave, and bereavement days.  These forms of 
compensation are, in certain cases, required by statute, and in all cases, usual, customary, and 
necessary for the Debtor to retain qualified employees to operate its business.  Failure to provide 
these benefits could contravene applicable law and harm Employee morale and encourage the 
Case 25-11696-BLS    Doc 4    Filed 09/10/25    Page 24 of 37

=== page 25 ===
  
25 
premature departure of Employees.  The Debtor therefore requests authority to continue these 
programs in the ordinary course of business during this Chapter 11 Case. 
70. 
Vacation Days. Prior to the Petition Date, the Debtor offered its Employees the 
following: 
During first year of employment. 
Awarded 80 hours of vacation benefits during 
the first calendar year of employment, 
prorated based on date of hire. 
After completing the first year of 
employment and through the 4th 
year of continuous employment (2-
4 years). 
Awarded 80 hours of vacation benefits on 
January 1st, following the Employee’s date of 
hire. 
After completing the 4th year of 
employment and through the 9th 
year of continuous employment (5-
9 years). 
Awarded 120 hours of vacation benefits on 
January 1st, following the 4th year of 
continuous employment. 
After completing the 9th year of 
employment and through the 19th 
year of continuous employment 
(10-19 years). 
Awarded 160 hours of vacation benefits on 
January 1st, following the 9th year of 
continuous employment. 
After completing 19 years of 
continuous service (20 years or 
more). 
Awarded 200 hours of vacation benefits on 
January 1st, following the 19th year of 
continuous employment. 
The Debtor allowed Employees to roll over up to zero hours after the vacation year of January 1 
to December 31. 
71. 
Bereavement Leave and Civic Duties.  Prior to the Petition Date, the Debtor offered 
its Employees bereavement leave, and granted leave to Employees with civic duty obligations, 
including jury duty. 
72. 
Holiday Pay.  The Debtor provides paid time off for the following holidays: New 
Year’s Day, Good Friday, Memorial Day, Independence Day, Pioneer Day, Labor Day, First 
Monday of Deer Hunt Season, Thanksgiving Day, Day After Thanksgiving, Christmas Eve and 
Christmas Day. 
Case 25-11696-BLS    Doc 4    Filed 09/10/25    Page 25 of 37

=== page 26 ===
  
26 
73. 
Health and Welfare Benefits.  Prior to the Petition Date, the Debtor offered its 
Employees various health and welfare benefits, including medical, dental, vision, health savings, 
life, long-term disability, pension and 401(k).  Employees are eligible to enroll on the first day of 
the month after 60 days of employment. 
74. 
The Debtor contributes approximately $30,000 semi-monthly towards the cost of 
these Health and Welfare benefits.  Employee premiums are deducted pre-tax. 
75. 
Expense Reimbursements.  In the ordinary course of its business, some of the 
Debtor’s employees incur expenses on behalf of the Debtor.  Employees that incur expenses on 
behalf of the Debtor are required to submit signed expense reports with supporting documentation, 
which are reimbursed each pay period upon approval.  As of the Petition Date, the Debtor estimates 
that aggregate expense reimbursements of approximately $2,000 remain outstanding, substantially 
all of which the Employees incurred through the use of personal funds. 
76. 
Deferred Compensation Plan.  Prior to the Petition Date, the Debtor maintained a 
Deferred Compensation Plan for certain of its senior executives.  The plan was frozen in 2020.  
The Debtor has no plan to pay any accrued and vested benefits going forward. 
77. 
For the foregoing reasons, I believe it is in the best interests of the Debtor, its estate, 
its creditors, and all other parties in interest that the Court grant the relief requested in the Wages 
Motion. 
Motion for an Order Providing Adequate Assurance of Utility Payments 
(“Utility Motion”) 
1. 
Various Utilities provide the Debtor with traditional utility services, such as 
telephone and communications, information technology, electricity, and other similar services that 
are necessary for the continued operation of the Debtor’s day-to-day affairs.  Uninterrupted utility 
service is critical to the Debtor’s ability to operate its business and maximize value for the benefit 
Case 25-11696-BLS    Doc 4    Filed 09/10/25    Page 26 of 37

=== page 27 ===
  
27 
of its creditors.  Loss of utility service would substantially disrupt the Debtor’s operations and 
result in revenue loss, which could irreparably harm the value of the Debtor’s estate. 
2. 
The proposed Adequate Assurance Deposits listed on Exhibit A to the Utility 
Motion, which are calculated based on one-half of the approximation of one month’s worth of 
utility service as calculated by the Debtor according to the last historical 12-month period, are 
sufficient adequate assurance of the Debtor’s future payments to the Utility providers.  As set forth 
in Exhibit A to the Utility Motion, the proposed Adequate Assurance Deposits total $43,550.  
3. 
For the foregoing reasons, it is in the best interests of the Debtor, its estates, its 
creditors, and all other parties in interest that the Court grant the relief requested in the Utility 
Motion. 
78. 
Several of the First Day Pleadings request authority to pay certain pre-petition 
claims.  I understand from my advisors that in chapter 11 matters that Federal Rule of Bankruptcy 
Procedure 6003 provides, in relevant part, that the Court shall not consider motions to pay pre-
petition claims during the first twenty-one days of the bankruptcy case “except to the extent relief 
is necessary to avoid immediate and irreparable harm.”  Fed. R. Bankr. P. 6003.  In light of 
Bankruptcy Rule 6003, USM has narrowly tailored its requests for immediate authority to pay 
certain pre-petition claims to only those circumstances where the failure to pay such claims would 
cause immediate and irreparable harm to the Debtor and its bankruptcy estate.  Other relief will be 
deferred for consideration at a later hearing. 
79. 
I have consulted with my colleagues at USM, as well as with USM’s professional 
advisors, regarding the relief requested in the First Day Pleadings, and understand each of the First 
Day Pleadings and the relief requested therein.  To the best of my knowledge and belief, the factual 
statements contained in each of the First Day Pleadings are true and accurate, and each such factual 
statement is incorporated into this Declaration by reference. 
Case 25-11696-BLS    Doc 4    Filed 09/10/25    Page 27 of 37

=== page 28 ===
  
28 
80. 
Based on my knowledge, and after reasonable inquiry, I believe that the approval 
of the relief requested in the First Day Pleadings is (a) necessary to enable the Debtor to transition 
into, and operate efficiently and successfully in, chapter 11 with minimal disruption or loss of 
productivity and value, (b) critical to the Debtor achieving a successful restructuring; and (c) in 
the best interest of the Debtor’s estate and its stakeholders.  I believe that, if the Court does not 
grant the relief requested by the Debtor in the First Day Pleadings, the Debtor’s business and its 
estate will very likely suffer immediate and irreparable harm.  Accordingly, for the reasons set 
forth herein and in the First Day Pleadings, the Court should grant the relief requested in each of 
the First Day Pleadings. 
Pursuant to 28 U.S.C. § 1746, I declare under penalty of perjury that the foregoing 
statements are true and correct to the best of my knowledge, information, and belief. 
(Signature page to follow) 
 
  
Case 25-11696-BLS    Doc 4    Filed 09/10/25    Page 28 of 37

=== page 29 ===
Case 25-11696-BLS    Doc 4    Filed 09/10/25    Page 29 of 37

=== page 30 ===
EXHIBIT A 
Case 25-11696-BLS    Doc 4    Filed 09/10/25    Page 30 of 37

=== page 31 ===
Case 25-11696-BLS    Doc 4    Filed 09/10/25    Page 31 of 37

=== page 32 ===
Case 25-11696-BLS    Doc 4    Filed 09/10/25    Page 32 of 37

=== page 33 ===
Case 25-11696-BLS    Doc 4    Filed 09/10/25    Page 33 of 37

=== page 34 ===
Case 25-11696-BLS    Doc 4    Filed 09/10/25    Page 34 of 37

=== page 35 ===
Case 25-11696-BLS    Doc 4    Filed 09/10/25    Page 35 of 37

=== page 36 ===
Case 25-11696-BLS    Doc 4    Filed 09/10/25    Page 36 of 37

=== page 37 ===
Case 25-11696-BLS    Doc 4    Filed 09/10/25    Page 37 of 37

