=== page 1 ===
 
 
US-DOCS\163489928 
IN THE UNITED STATES BANKRUPTCY COURT 
FOR THE SOUTHERN DISTRICT OF TEXAS 
HOUSTON DIVISION 
------------------------------------------------------------ 
 
In re: 
 
PINE GATE RENEWABLES, LLC, et al., 
 
 
 
   Debtors.1 
 
------------------------------------------------------------ 
x 
: 
: 
: 
: 
: 
: 
: 
x 
 
 
Chapter 11 
 
Case No. 25-90669 (CML) 
 
(Joint Administration Requested) 
 
 
DECLARATION OF RAY SHEM,  
PRESIDENT AND CHIEF FINANCIAL OFFICER OF THE DEBTORS,  
IN SUPPORT OF THE CHAPTER 11 PETITIONS AND FIRST-DAY RELIEF 
 
I, Ray Shem, pursuant to section 1746 of title 28 of the United States Code, hereby declare 
that the following is true and correct: 
1. 
I am a co-founder and the President and Chief Financial Officer of Debtor Pine 
Gate Renewables, LLC (“PGR”) and certain of its affiliates (the above-captioned debtors, the 
“Debtors”; their non-debtor affiliates, the “Non-Debtor Affiliates”;2 and the Debtors and Non-
Debtor Affiliates together, “Pine Gate” or the “Company”), as well as a member of the board of 
Debtor PGR Holdco GP, LLC.  I submit this declaration to familiarize the Court with PGR’s 
business and operations and to provide context in connection with the circumstances that led to 
the commencement of the Chapter 11 Cases. 
 
1  
A complete list of each of the Debtors in these chapter 11 cases (the “Chapter 11 Cases”) and the last four digits 
of each Debtor’s taxpayer identification number (if applicable) may be obtained on the website of the Debtors’ 
proposed claims and noticing agent at https://omniagentsolutions.com/PGR.  The Debtors’ mailing address for 
the purposes of the Chapter 11 Cases is 130 Roberts Street, Asheville, North Carolina 28801. 
2  
As described further herein, the Non-Debtor Affiliates generally include (i) the Company’s O&M (operations and 
maintenance) segment, which operates through Non-Debtor Affiliate ACT Power Services Holding Company 
and (ii) subject to certain exceptions, solar project companies and related affiliates, which did not have the ability 
or need to file these Chapter 11 Cases.  The Non-Debtor Affiliates are, however, part of the Debtors’ sale process, 
via the Debtors’ equity in such Non-Debtor Affiliates. 
Case 25-90669   Document 19   Filed in TXSB on 11/06/25   Page 1 of 37

=== page 2 ===
 
2 
 
2. 
PGR is a fully integrated developer and owner-operator of utility-scale solar power 
facilities throughout the United States.  In addition, through its wholly-owned subsidiaries, Debtor 
Blue Ridge Power, LLC and Non-Debtor Affiliate ACT Power, the Company performs both 
engineering, procurement, and construction (“EPC”) services and operations and maintenance 
(“O&M”) services for third party customers and for its own projects. 
3. 
I have significant personal knowledge of the matters discussed in this declaration 
(this “Declaration”).  Among other responsibilities, I manage the Company’s finances, monitor 
corporate financial risk, and lead project financing efforts to raise funding for project monetization.  
I have more than 12 years of experience in capital raising, financial management, and strategic 
planning in the renewable energy industry.  I also work closely with the Company’s various 
advisors, including Latham & Watkins LLP (“Latham”), Lazard Frères & Co. LLC (“Lazard”), 
and Alvarez & Marsal North America, LLC (“A&M”).3  Prior to PGR, I served as the Chief 
Financial Officer of FLS Energy Inc.  I have a bachelor’s degree from Yale University and a 
Masters in Business Administration from the University of North Carolina at Chapel Hill. 
4. 
I have significant knowledge of the Debtors, their businesses, and the circumstances 
that led to the commencement of the Chapter 11 Cases, as well as the Debtors’ financial affairs, 
capital structure, operations, and related matters.  Accordingly, I am authorized on behalf of the 
Debtors to submit this Declaration in support of the Debtors’ voluntary petitions for relief.  Unless 
otherwise indicated, the statements in this Declaration are based on my personal knowledge and 
diligence.  If called to testify, I would testify honestly and competently to the facts herein. 
 
3  
Hunton Andrews Kurth LLP (“Hunton”) is also advising the Debtors in these Chapter 11 Cases, and Omni Agent 
Solutions is the Debtors’ proposed claims and noticing agent. 
Case 25-90669   Document 19   Filed in TXSB on 11/06/25   Page 2 of 37

=== page 3 ===
 
3 
 
PRELIMINARY STATEMENT 
5. 
The Company was founded in 2016 in response to an opportunity in the renewable 
energy market to finance, develop, construct, operate, and sell solar power projects, capitalizing 
on our team’s expertise in project development, tax equity structuring, and power purchase 
agreement (“PPA”) negotiations.  We started small, with just a few solar plants, but grew 
significantly—increasing the size of our projects, the number of projects across our portfolio, and 
our workforce.   
 
6. 
At its peak, the Company employed over 1,000 employees who provided a wide 
array of services.  As further described herein, the Company currently has approximately 
(a) $2 billion of construction period funded debt and permanent funded debt, primarily at non-
Debtor project companies, (b) $1.4 billion of corporate-level funded debt, across various different 
facilities at various Debtor entities, and (c) $1 billion of outstanding preferred equity. 
Case 25-90669   Document 19   Filed in TXSB on 11/06/25   Page 3 of 37

=== page 4 ===
 
4 
 
7. 
Unfortunately, due to increased interest rates, changes in the regulatory 
environment, and inflationary pressures, among other things, the renewable energy industry began 
to experience significant challenges starting in 2024 and accelerating in 2025.  Increasing 
headwinds in the renewable energy sector and rising project costs have also significantly reduced 
the appetite for investment in solar assets, decreasing the value of PGR’s fleet and impairing PGR’s 
ability to sell projects in order to raise additional capital.  For the same reasons, additional capital 
investment into the Company itself has been elusive as well. 
8. 
The Company’s EPC business, Debtor Blue Ridge Power, LLC (“BRP”), further 
contributed to challenges the Company was facing overall.  In addition to the issues faced more 
broadly by solar EPC companies, including increased costs, supply chain disruptions, and other 
market factors, BRP faced additional problems.  Specifically, BRP has experienced challenges 
estimating and managing project costs and meeting project construction schedules, which, in 
addition to mounting disputes with customers and subcontractors, have resulted in an acute capital 
need to support outstanding payables to vendors.     
9. 
The combination of accelerating losses at BRP and the slowdown in the renewable 
energy industry unfortunately left the Company unable to raise sufficient capital to support the 
losses at BRP. 
10. 
The Company tried to find solutions.  Throughout 2024 and 2025, the Company 
solicited interest from hundreds of potential project buyers, none of which materialized into any 
transactable proposals.  In addition, while ultimately unsuccessful, the Company worked 
extensively with its existing investors on potential additional corporate investments.  It became 
clear that the Company would run out of money in the latter half of 2025 absent further financing.  
Accordingly, in mid-2025, the Company hired A&M, Lazard, and Latham to evaluate other 
Case 25-90669   Document 19   Filed in TXSB on 11/06/25   Page 4 of 37

=== page 5 ===
 
5 
 
potential and more holistic solutions.  To address the Company’s liquidity shortfalls, Lazard 
promptly reached out to dozens of potential sources of out-of-court or in-court financing.  Among 
those approached were the Company’s primary “corporate-level” secured lenders (Brookfield, 
Carlyle, and Fundamental (each as defined below)).    
11. 
Lazard’s process yielded two proposals from new third parties for DIP financing, 
but neither was large enough to fund a full chapter 11 case.  Around that same time, however, the 
Company received proposals from Brookfield, Carlyle, and Fundamental (the “Bridge/DIP 
Lenders” and each, a “Bridge/DIP Lender”) for combined out-of-court and in-court financing.  
Each Bridge/DIP Lender’s proposal was contingent on the others’, and they collectively 
envisioned the Company using the prepetition runway to engage with the financing sources, tax 
equity investors, offtakers, and other counterparties for the lenders’ solar project portfolios ahead 
of any chapter 11 filing.     
12. 
The Company began negotiating in earnest with the Bridge/DIP Lenders in early 
September 2025.  Those hard-fought, arm’s-length negotiations culminated on October 6, 2025, 
when the Company simultaneously closed on three separate financings, one with each Bridge/DIP 
Lender.   
13. 
Immediately prior to the closing of the Bridge/DIP Lenders’ financing, the 
Company had only approximately $8.5 million of cash on hand.  The Bridge/DIP Lenders provided 
the Company with a total financing commitment in the amount of $412 million, consisting of 
approximately $208 million in out-of-court financing and $204 million in DIP financing 
commitments (plus amounts not lent in the out-of-court financing).  Each Bridge/DIP Lender also 
agreed to serve as a stalking horse bidder for the projects that served as its collateral (whether 
Case 25-90669   Document 19   Filed in TXSB on 11/06/25   Page 5 of 37

=== page 6 ===
 
6 
 
directly or indirectly), including (with respect to Fundamental) the Company’s independent power 
producer platform and substantially all of its development pipeline. 
14. 
In exchange for this financing and go-forward commitments, the Company granted 
the Bridge/DIP Lenders guarantees and liens from (a) previously unencumbered entities that sat 
above (i.e., were structurally junior to) the Bridge/DIP Lenders’ borrowers in the Company’s 
corporate structure and (b) previously unencumbered entities that sat between the Bridge/DIP 
Lenders’ borrowers and the solar power projects (i.e., were structurally senior to the Bridge/DIP 
Lenders and junior to project financing). 
15. 
The Company’s Board, its independent Special Committee, its management, and 
its advisors unanimously believed that the Bridge/DIP Lenders’ proposals presented the best and 
most value-maximizing path available to the Company under the circumstances and justified the 
granting of new liens and guarantees.  Among other things, the financing provided the Company 
with sufficient and committed liquidity to preserve asset value, including the continuation and 
culmination of a competitive sale process and consummation of a chapter 11 plan—a crucial 
condition of the Debtors’ decision to accept the financing on its terms.  Without the financing, the 
Company would have had to either file chapter 7 or file insufficiently funded chapter 11 cases with 
the attendant risk of conversion to chapter 7.  Rather than that disorderly and destructive result, 
the Company has, as expected, used the last several weeks to engage meaningfully with project-
level stakeholders across its portfolios with the aim of minimizing potential disruption and risk to 
the value of these Chapter 11 Cases and the Debtors’ estates. 
16. 
The Company realizes that the financing and go-forward commitments from the 
Bridge/DIP Lenders will not last indefinitely.  For that reason, consistent with the DIP budget and 
milestones, the Debtors must proceed efficiently.  Indeed, following the commencement of these 
Case 25-90669   Document 19   Filed in TXSB on 11/06/25   Page 6 of 37

=== page 7 ===
 
7 
 
Chapter 11 Cases on the date hereof (the “Petition Date”), the Debtors must move swiftly toward 
consummating the sales of their assets by year end and consummating a chapter 11 plan in January 
2026. 
 
17. 
The balance of this Declaration consists of three parts:  
(a) 
Part I describes the Company’s business, its history, its current operations, and its 
organizational and capital structures;   
(b) 
Part II describes the events leading to the filing of the Chapter 11 Cases, including 
the Debtors’ efforts to identify strategic alternatives; and 
(c) 
Part III summarizes the Debtors’ objectives for the Chapter 11 Cases. 
I. 
COMPANY BACKGROUND 
A. 
Corporate Structure 
18. 
Headquartered in Asheville, North Carolina, Pine Gate is a solar energy company 
focused on the development, construction, operation, and financing of utility-scale solar farms 
across the United States.  The Company has a complex corporate structure, consisting of a total of 
880 entities, but only 119 have filed for chapter 11 protection.  To simplify, and as further 
described herein, the Company’s corporate structure generally consists of six main segments:  
Case 25-90669   Document 19   Filed in TXSB on 11/06/25   Page 7 of 37

=== page 8 ===
 
8 
 
(i) 
top-level holding companies, including Pine Gate Renewables, 
LLC, PGR Holdco, LP, and PGR Holdco GP (all of which are 
Debtors);  
(ii) 
secondary-level entities that are the borrowers under the Company’s 
“corporate-level” debt facilities with the Bridge/DIP Lenders (all of 
which are Debtors);  
(iii) 
a joint venture with John Hancock that consists of a portfolio of 
operating projects managed by PGR Signature Fund 1 Manager, 
LLC (which is a Debtor, but the other entities within the John 
Hancock portfolio are not Debtors); 
(iv) 
project-level entities, including their intermediate holding 
companies and related affiliates (the project-level entities are 
generally not Debtors subject to certain exceptions);  
(v) 
the Company’s EPC (engineering, procurement, and construction) 
segment, which operates through Blue Ridge Power Holdings, LLC 
and its subsidiaries (all of which are Debtors); and  
(vi) 
the Company’s O&M (operations and maintenance) segment, which 
operates through ACT Power Services Holding Company 
Guarantor, LLC and its subsidiaries (which are not Debtors).  
 
Case 25-90669   Document 19   Filed in TXSB on 11/06/25   Page 8 of 37

=== page 9 ===
 
9 
 
19. 
A more detailed corporate organizational chart illustrating the Debtors and certain 
Non-Debtor Affiliates is attached hereto as Exhibit A. 
B. 
History of the Company 
20. 
The Company was founded in 2016 to develop, finance, own, and operate solar 
projects in the expanding utility scale solar market in the Southeastern U.S.  In addition, as was 
common at the time among Southeastern solar developers, the Company performed EPC 
management services directly on its own projects.  The Company grew significantly over the 
following years, increasing the average size of its solar projects and expanding the number of 
projects in its portfolio.  Today, the Company has 107 projects in operation across the United 
States with three gigawatts (“GWs”)4 of total power capacity, with over 130 additional projects in 
various stages of development, with over 30 GWs of capacity. 
 
 
4  
A “gigawatt” is a unit of electric power equal to one billion watts and is commonly used as a unit of measurement 
for large-scale power plants. 
Case 25-90669   Document 19   Filed in TXSB on 11/06/25   Page 9 of 37

=== page 10 ===
 
10 
 
21. 
Beginning in 2020, the Company saw an opportunity to provide EPC services to 
third parties in the underserved Southeastern market while continuing to construct the Company’s 
own projects.  To capitalize on the opportunity, in 2021, the Company acquired the solar division 
of a mechanical and civil subcontractor (Horne Brothers Construction) and, in conjunction with 
spinning out its in-house team of construction professionals, formed a new entity for this EPC 
business, Debtor BRP and, together with its Debtor EPC affiliates, “Blue Ridge Power”).   
22. 
Shortly thereafter, in 2022, the Company further expanded its capabilities by 
acquiring an independent O&M provider for power plants and other energy facilities, Non-Debtor 
Affiliate ACT Power Services, LLC (together with its O&M segment affiliates, “ACT”). 
C. 
Business Segments 
23. 
With the addition of the EPC and O&M business segments, Pine Gate’s business 
consists of a full suite of capabilities through the renewable energy life cycle, including 
development, EPC services (construction), offtake (power sales), and O&M services (operations 
and maintenance). 
24. 
As described further below, depending on the life cycle of the project, the 
Company’s projects are either in the development stage, under construction, or operational.  The 
projects serve as collateral for certain debt obligations owed by the Company across three different 
“silos” of the Company’s “corporate-level” lenders: Fundamental Renewables (“Fundamental”), 
Brookfield Asset Management (“Brookfield”), and The Carlyle Group (“Carlyle” and together 
with Fundamental and Brookfield, the “Corporate Lenders”).  Each project in a Corporate Lender’s 
silo is pledged, either directly or indirectly, as collateral to that Corporate Lender.  In addition to those 
three silos of projects (totaling 162 projects), the Company has a minority, subordinated interest in a 
joint venture with John Hancock of 85 projects.  Last, the Company has a recourse construction loan 
Case 25-90669   Document 19   Filed in TXSB on 11/06/25   Page 10 of 37

=== page 11 ===
 
11 
 
with Pathward, National Association (“Pathward”) regarding one project.  A summary of the 
Company’s projects is as follows: 
 
Development 
Construction 
Operating 
Total 
Fundamental 
128 
2 
1 
131 
Brookfield 
3 
4 
15 
22 
Carlyle 
2 
1 
6 
9 
John Hancock 
0 
0 
85 
85 
Pathward 
0 
1 
0 
1 
Total 
133 
8 
107 
248 
25. 
Development.  The first phase of a project’s life cycle is development.  In 
developing a project, the Company identifies suitable land, conducts in-depth analyses, and obtains 
land rights, permits, and contractual arrangements to construct, finance, operate, and sell power 
generated by the project.  As set out more fully in the Rajcevich Declaration, in connection with 
the development stage, the Company engages various contractors and vendors to, among other 
things, support the land leasing and entitlement process, conduct engineering studies, and perform 
environmental due diligence.  The Company will also strategically acquire projects in various 
stages of development to add to the Company’s portfolio. 
26. 
During the development stage, the Company enters into PPAs with utility 
companies, private companies, and/or government entities.  The PPAs govern the terms of the sale 
of the Company’s power to the PPA counterparty, including the price and duration of such sale.  
Though energy is not yet sold as the project is under development, entry into a PPA is a key part 
of the project transitioning from development to construction and, ultimately, operations.  In 
Case 25-90669   Document 19   Filed in TXSB on 11/06/25   Page 11 of 37

=== page 12 ===
 
12 
 
connection with project operations and the sale of power generated, the Company also enters into 
interconnection agreements to connect the project facility to the electrical grid. 
27. 
EPC Services (Construction).  After the initial development stage, a project enters 
the “EPC” phase for construction.  For construction services, the Company contracts with either 
Blue Ridge Power or a third-party EPC contractor.  Payments for EPC Services are generally made 
periodically by the project owners upon achievement of certain construction milestones.  During 
2024, Blue Ridge Power earned approximately $342 million in revenue on account of its EPC 
services. 
28. 
Sale or Offtake.  Once a project is constructed, the project commences regular 
operations within PGR’s fleet, generating revenue from the PPA associated with such project, 
paying project-level operating expenses such as O&M and project insurance costs, and servicing 
project-level permanent debt and tax equity.  From time to time, the Company may sell a project, 
or an interest in a project, to a third-party operator with sale proceeds being used by the Company 
for further development and operations.  During 2024, the Company earned (i) $155 million in 
revenue from the sale of power, and (ii) approximately $400,000 in revenue from project sales. 
29. 
O&M Services.  The Company engages an O&M provider to operate and maintain 
its operational projects.  O&M services include real-time system monitoring (tracking metrics such 
as panel efficiency, grid load, and system irregularities), infrastructure maintenance, technical 
inspections, routine cleaning, and rapid response to potential issues.  ACT and the other O&M 
segment affiliates (which are not among the Debtors) form the Company’s subsidiary created to 
provide O&M services to clients.  Similar to the Company’s Blue Ridge Power EPC business, the 
Company’s ACT business provides O&M services to both Pine Gate projects and third-party 
projects.  During 2024, ACT earned approximately $15 million in revenue from O&M services. 
Case 25-90669   Document 19   Filed in TXSB on 11/06/25   Page 12 of 37

=== page 13 ===
 
13 
 
D. 
Intercompany Transactions 
30. 
In the ordinary course of business, the Debtors engage in various intercompany 
financial transactions with Debtors and Non-Debtor Affiliates (collectively, the “Intercompany 
Transactions”) that result in intercompany receivables and payables (collectively, 
the “Intercompany Claims”).  The Intercompany Transactions include, but are not limited to, the 
following:  
 Payments or transfers among Debtors and/or Non-Debtor Affiliates as part of their 
business operations (“Intercompany Business”); 
 Equity investments made by Debtors with respect to other Debtors and Non-Debtor 
Affiliates (“Intercompany Investments”);  
 Short-term cash advances among Debtors and between Debtors and Non-Debtor 
Affiliates (“Intercompany Deficit Advances”); and 
 Payments made by PGR to other Debtors and Non-Debtor Affiliates for services 
provided to the whole Company that are later back billed (the “Enterprise Back 
Billing”). 
31. 
The Debtors track all Intercompany Transactions processed through the Cash 
Management System by use of their accounting resource planning (ERP) system, and are therefore 
able to ascertain, trace, and account for Intercompany Transactions and Intercompany Claims.   
32. 
Intercompany Business.  The Debtors and Non-Debtor Affiliates collectively 
maintain ordinary business relationships with each other, which may result in Intercompany 
Transactions that give rise to Intercompany Claims.  For each Intercompany Transaction, the PGR 
accounting team records the appropriate intercompany accounts payable/receivable and recognizes 
revenue/expenses on the applicable affiliate entities’ financial statements.  Certain prominent 
examples are as follows: 
 EPC Business.  BRP constructs projects as awarded by PGR acting in its capacity 
as the owner of the project or the managing member of the affiliate project entity 
When BRP is engaged for a project, BRP and the project company enter into a 
service agreement (the “EPC Contracts”) governing the payment terms as 
Case 25-90669   Document 19   Filed in TXSB on 11/06/25   Page 13 of 37

=== page 14 ===
 
14 
 
consideration for BRP’s services.  BRP will design, engineer, procure all 
equipment, erect, install, start-up, commission and test the project facilities.  The 
project company will compensate BRP a fixed-price fee for providing the services.  
The BRP accounting team tracks costs incurred by projects and updates the 
estimated costs to complete each project monthly.  The BRP accounting team uses 
this information to prepare payment application invoices and/or any necessary 
change orders associated with the contracts for the relevant projects.  BRP then 
obtains internal approval for the payment application or change order and, upon 
approval, sends the payment applications to the PGR accounts payable and 
accounting teams.  The accounts payable team enters the payment application into 
their system to document and capture the approval workflow.  Thereafter, PGR 
executes a development or construction draw (depending on the Project) with the 
appropriate lender or funds via PGR corporate cash.  Once the funds are received 
from the lender (if applicable), PGR forwards the funds to BRP to satisfy the 
payment applications.5 
 O&M Business.  When Non-Debtor Affiliate ACT and the O&M segment affiliates 
are engaged for a project, the lessee or project company and Debtor Pine Gate 
O&M, LLC (“PGOM”) enter into a maintenance services agreement and PGOM 
and ACT enter into a maintenance service subcontract (collectively, the “O&M 
Contracts”) whereby ACT will provide O&M services for the project.  Under the 
O&M Contracts, ACT invoices PGOM a specified price for the service covered as 
defined in the agreement on a quarterly basis and, for additional services deemed 
“non-covered” by the base fees, invoice on a monthly basis.  Thereafter, PGOM 
will invoice the lessee or project company in the same fashion. 
 Development MIPA Transactions.  When a project is ready to enter the portfolio 
structure at the closing transaction with tax equity investors, PGR, Pine Gate 
Development, LLC or another development subsidiary, as the seller, and the fund 
project entity, as the buyer, will typically execute a Membership Interest Purchase 
Agreement (each, a “MIPA”).  The MIPA outlines the fees payable to the selling 
entity by the buyer.  At the financial closing equity transaction, the agreed upon fee 
is submitted on the draft flow of funds for payment to PGR.  This draft flow of 
funds is approved and signed off on by the seller and buyer for each transaction. 
 Asset Management.  Within the project structure, the manager project entity often 
provides management, accounting, or administrative support services for the 
respective lessor and lessee.  This agreement is addressed in the operating 
agreement for the lessor, lessee, and project company.  Payments are made only in 
accordance with the priority in the waterfall for the respective entity.  The 
Company’s asset management team provides a schedule of the contractual billing 
for all projects by quarter that is used by the accounting team for recording 
purposes. 
 
5  
Occasionally, a payment application invoice may be satisfied at an equity closing and addressed on a flow of 
funds through the same process used by the Company for Intercompany Investments.  
Case 25-90669   Document 19   Filed in TXSB on 11/06/25   Page 14 of 37

=== page 15 ===
 
15 
 
 Master Leases.  The lessees in the inverted lease structures, as described below, 
typically engage in a Master Lease Agreement (each, a “Master Lease”) with the 
project companies and/or the lessors.  The Master Lease schedule for a project is 
finalized at the substantial completion closing for that project.  Once the schedule 
is finalized, the accounting team ensures that payments are made from the lessee to 
lessor or project company according to its respective schedule and the terms in its 
Master Lease. 
33. 
Intercompany Investments.  As is typical for similar organizations within the 
Debtors’ industry of similar size and sophistication, the Debtors periodically make investments in 
other Debtors and in Non-Debtor Affiliates in the form of direct capital contributions to provide 
required equity commitments for project costs in conjunction with project financing, as well as 
otherwise ensuring that such entities have sufficient cash to continue operations in the ordinary 
course.  The commencement of any project requires that the Company make a capital contribution 
to the newly formed special purpose vehicle that will own and construct the completed project 
(i.e., the project company).  Such capital contributions are often funded by the Debtors, either 
directly or indirectly, and may pass through several intermediary levels of holding company 
Debtors and Non-Debtor Affiliates before ultimately vesting in the applicable project company.   
34. 
Intercompany Deficit Advances.  Finally, the Company also utilizes a system of 
Intercompany Deficit Advances to facilitate the flow of cash by and among the Debtors and Non-
Debtor Affiliates.  This system is utilized from time to time when an entity is unable to cover its 
financial obligations.  The Company holds weekly meetings to review and discuss open invoices 
for payment processing.  If a Debtor or Non-Debtor Affiliate is unable to meet a required 
obligation, an Intercompany Deficit Advance may be created.  If approved, the accounting team 
submits a wire transfer for processing and records the Intercompany Deficit Advance on the 
financial statements of the relevant entities.  Repayments of the Intercompany Deficit Advances 
can be subject to waterfall restrictions as outlined in the various entities’ operating agreements or 
debt covenants.  On a quarterly basis, the asset management team prepares priority return 
Case 25-90669   Document 19   Filed in TXSB on 11/06/25   Page 15 of 37

=== page 16 ===
 
16 
 
calculations to determine the ability of an entity to repay the Intercompany Deficit Advance.  
Should the approved priority return calculation allow for a repayment of all or a portion of the 
advance, the information is provided to the accounting team to execute.  
35. 
Enterprise Back Billing.  The Company incurs certain invoices that cover services 
for the benefit of all business units, spanning across the Debtors and the Non-Debtor Affiliates.  
Examples include, without limitation, property & casualty, workers compensation, fleet & auto, 
and employee benefit insurance; other employee benefit services; and software licensing fees.  
When these enterprise-wide invoices are received, they are recorded in the Company’s accounts 
payable system following the same approval workflows and payment decisioning process as any 
other invoice.  Once approved for payment, such invoices are paid by PGR on behalf of the 
enterprise.  Thereafter, PGR prepares invoices to the appropriate Debtors and/or Non-Debtor 
Affiliates for their portion of services provided, back-billing for the month that the invoice was 
received.  Additionally, in prior years, PGR purchased a fleet of vehicles that were subsequently 
transferred to BRP.  As the relevant purchase contract for this fleet originated between the vendor 
and PGR, PGR pays the vendor and back bills BRP on a monthly basis. 
E. 
Employee Workforce 
36. 
As of the Petition Date, the Debtors employ approximately 284 employees, all in 
the United States.  To supplement the services performed and duties executed by the employees, 
the Debtors currently have approximately 24 engagements with contract workers and temporary 
staff that fulfill duties similar to the job functions of employees and are a critical supplement to 
the employees. 
F. 
Overview of Funded Capital  
37. 
An overview of the Company’s funded capital as of the Petition Date is set forth 
below, with more detailed descriptions thereafter. 
Case 25-90669   Document 19   Filed in TXSB on 11/06/25   Page 16 of 37

=== page 17 ===
 
17 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Facility 
 
Approx. Invested 
Capital / 
Outstanding 
Principal 
(US $Millions) 
 
Interest 
Rate 
 
Maturity 
Tax Equity 
 
$2,500 
 
N/A 
 
N/A 
Permanent Debt 
 
$1,262 
 
Various 
 
Various 
Construction Debt 
 
$760 
 
Various 
 
Various 
Total Project Capital  
 
$4,522 
 
 
 
 
Fundamental Facility  
($600 million facility) 
 
$599 
 
Various 
 
December 2026 
Fundamental Interim Financing  
($110 million facility) 
 
$110 
 
14.00% 
 
January 2026 
Carlyle Facility  
($280 million facility) 
 
$244 
 
10.75% 
 
February 2026 
Carlyle Interim Financing  
($30 million facility) 
 
$30 
 
14.00% 
 
February 2026 
Brookfield Facility  
($300 million facility) 
 
$300 
 
11.25% 
 
January 2032 
Brookfield Interim Financing  
($68 million facility) 
 
$28 
 
14.00% 
 
February 2026 
Pathward Facility  
($80 million facility) 
 
$49 
 
8.50% 
 
February 2026 
Total Corporate Debt 
 
$1,360 
 
 
 
 
Preferred Equity A 
 
$494 
 
8.00% 
 
N/A 
Preferred Equity B 
 
$605 
 
12.00% 
 
N/A 
Total Preferred Equity 
 
$1,099 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Total PGR Capital  
 
$6,981 
 
 
 
 
Fundamental Revolving Loan 
 
$135 
 
S + 550 
 
March 2027 
WTB Term Loan 
 
$19 
 
5.0% 
 
May 2035 
Total Blue Ridge Power Capital 
 
$155 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Total Funded Capital 
 
$7,136 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Case 25-90669   Document 19   Filed in TXSB on 11/06/25   Page 17 of 37

=== page 18 ===
 
18 
 
G. 
Corporate Financing  
38. 
The Company (through its in-house finance team) sources financing for each stage 
of a project, including through “corporate-level” debt facilities from the Corporate Lenders.  Each 
of the corporate-level debt facilities has separate collateral and obligors, as further explained below.  
39. 
Fundamental Facility.  Debtors FP 2021 Dev Holdco LLC, as borrower (the “FP 
Dev Borrower”) is party to that certain Revolving Loan Agreement, dated as of December 10, 
2021 (as amended, restated, supplemented or otherwise modified from time to time prior to the 
Petition Date, the “Development Fundamental Loan Agreement”), with FP Solar Development I 
LLC, as lender (the “FP Dev Lender”).  This facility generally funds the Debtors’ development 
activities and projects.  Obligations under the Development Fundamental Loan Agreement are 
guaranteed by approximately 130 Debtor entities that are direct subsidiaries of FP Dev Borrower, 
each of which owns a specific project in development.  FP Dev Borrower has also pledged 
substantially all of its assets as collateral to FP Dev Lender.  As of the Petition Date, the Company 
has approximately $710 million of loans outstanding under the Development Fundamental Loan 
Agreement (the “FP Dev Facility”).   
40. 
Brookfield Facility.  Debtor BF DEV Holdco, LLC is party to that certain Credit 
Agreement, dated as of January 30, 2025 (as amended, restated, supplemented or otherwise 
modified from time to time prior to the Petition Date, the “Brookfield Loan Agreement”) with 
various lenders party thereto (collectively, the “Brookfield Lenders”).  Obligations under the 
Brookfield Loan Agreement are secured by (a) first priority equity pledges in and substantially all 
the assets of certain subsidiaries that are indirect owners of nineteen operating (or near completion) 
solar projects (the “Brookfield Operating Projects”), (b) all assets of three Debtor project 
companies (Magnolia Solar Development, LLC, Lotus Solar, LLC, and GA Solar 5, LLC) that are 
in development, (c) to the extent certain conditions are satisfied under the Collateral Documents 
Case 25-90669   Document 19   Filed in TXSB on 11/06/25   Page 18 of 37

=== page 19 ===
 
19 
 
(as defined in the Brookfield Loan Agreement), substantially all assets of the Brookfield Operating 
Projects on a second priority basis, and (d) equity pledges in and substantially all the assets of 
certain subsidiaries that are indirect owners of certain project companies referenced in paragraph 
39 above and paragraph 41 below, in each case on a second priority basis.  As of the Petition Date, 
the Company has approximately $328 million of loans outstanding under the Brookfield Loan 
Agreement (the “Brookfield Facility”). 
41. 
Carlyle Facility.  Debtor NPA 2023 Holdco, LLC (the “Carlyle Borrower”) is party 
to that Note Purchasing Agreement, dated as of October 10, 2023 (as amended, restated, 
supplemented or otherwise modified from time to time prior to the Petition Date, the “Carlyle 
NPA”), with Carlyle Aurora Infrastructure Credit Partners LP as lender (the “Carlyle Lender”).  
Obligations under the Carlyle NPA are secured by (a) equity pledges in certain subsidiaries that 
are indirect owners of seven operating (or near completion) solar projects and (b) all assets of two 
Debtor project companies (Lavender Solar, LLC and Foley Solar, LLC) that are in development.  
As of the Petition Date, the Company has approximately $274 million of notes outstanding under 
the Carlyle NPA (the “Carlyle Facility”). 
H. 
Project Financing  
42. 
As projects reach the final stages of development and approach the construction phase, 
the Debtors generally “take out” the project from the FP Dev Facility, which requires a paydown and 
results in the project company being released from its guarantee and pledge obligations to the FP Dev 
Lender.  The financing in respect of the project from the FP Dev Facility is then replaced by (i) tax 
equity investments, (ii) sponsor equity contributions, and (iii) new, limited recourse senior debt 
(construction period debt and permanent debt).   
43. 
Limited Recourse Construction Period Debt.  Limited recourse construction period 
debt is used to finance the construction of a project; it does not include any claims of contractors 
Case 25-90669   Document 19   Filed in TXSB on 11/06/25   Page 19 of 37

=== page 20 ===
 
20 
 
or vendors that may be asserted at the project level either informally or pursuant to a mechanic’s 
lien or similar security.  The Company collectively has approximately $760 million of construction 
period debt outstanding across its current project portfolio, governed under a variety of project-
level credit agreements with a variety of project-level lenders.  The construction period debt is 
generally secured by the assets of the applicable project and the commitments from the tax equity 
investors to invest in the applicable project. 
44. 
Recourse Construction Debt (Pathward).  In addition, Debtor PW Revolver 
Borrower, LLC (the “Pathward Borrower”) is party to that Loan Agreement, dated as of February 
6, 2023 (as amended, restated, supplemented or otherwise modified from time to time prior to the 
Petition Date, the “Pathward Loan Agreement”), with Pathward, National Association 
(the “Pathward Lender”) for recourse construction debt with respect to (and secured by) Debtor 
project company West River Solar, LLC.  Debtor PGR guarantees the obligations on an unsecured 
basis.  As of the Petition Date, the Company has approximately $49 million outstanding under the 
Pathward Loan Agreement (the “Pathward Facility”).   
45. 
Permanent Debt.  Once a project is built and ready to operate and the tax equity 
investor funds its commitment to the project, the construction period debt is paid down in part with 
the proceeds of the tax equity investment and the balance is replaced by permanent debt.  The 
Company collectively has approximately $1.3 billion of permanent debt outstanding across its 
current project portfolio, governed under a variety of project-level credit agreements with a variety 
of project-level lenders.  The permanent debt is generally secured by the assets of the applicable 
project, but in some cases is only secured by the Company’s equity in the project. 
46. 
Tax Equity.  Tax equity financing involves investors providing capital to a solar 
project in exchange for the right to be allocated clean energy tax credits associated with the 
Case 25-90669   Document 19   Filed in TXSB on 11/06/25   Page 20 of 37

=== page 21 ===
 
21 
 
applicable project.  The Company generally only raises tax equity once a project enters the 
construction stage, after development.  The Company has collectively raised approximately 
$2.5 billion of tax equity across its current project portfolio.   
47. 
Sponsor Equity.  In addition to the foregoing debt and equity financing, the 
Company is also often required to make an equity investment in the project, which the Company 
funds through either corporate cash or proceeds under the Brookfield Facility or Carlyle Facility. 
48. 
Project Financing Legal Structure.  To facilitate such tax equity, construction period 
debt, and permanent debt, additional legal entities are formed in relation to the applicable project 
in either (i) an inverted lease structure whereby the project is leased to an entity owned in part by 
a tax investor and the tax credits are passed through to the lessee under applicable Federal tax rules 
(the “Inverted Lease Structure”) or (ii) a partnership flip structure whereby the project is acquired 
by a partnership between the tax equity investor and a Debtor and the tax credits are allocated to 
the tax investor under applicable Federal tax rules (the “Partnership Flip Structure”).  106 of the 
Debtors’ tax equity investments are Inverted Lease Structures, and 9 of the Debtors’ tax equity 
investments are Partnership Flip Structures.   
49. 
Below is an illustrative example of an Inverted Lease Structure:  
 
Case 25-90669   Document 19   Filed in TXSB on 11/06/25   Page 21 of 37

=== page 22 ===
 
22 
 
50. 
Below is an illustrative example of a Partnership Flip Structure:  
 
51. 
At a basic level, the purpose of these structures is to allocate the economic benefits 
between the tax equity investor, senior project lender, and the Debtors in the desired way while 
giving the tax equity investor protection against a transfer of its project in a manner that would 
create a risk of tax credit “recapture”—i.e., mandatory repayment of previously-claimed tax 
credits.  To this end, as equity owners of the projects, tax equity investors generally do not permit 
senior debt to encumber projects they have invested in unless the debt is subject to a forbearance 
agreement that prevents tax credit recapture, does not permit transfer of the projects, and reserves 
the right of the investor to consent to a bankruptcy filing by the entities in which they have 
invested.      
I. 
BRP Financing  
52. 
BRP Fundamental Facility.  Debtor BRP is party to that Amended and Restated 
Loan Agreement, dated as of June 26, 2025 (as amended, restated, supplemented or otherwise 
modified from time to time prior to the Petition Date, the “BRP Fundamental Loan Agreement”), 
Case 25-90669   Document 19   Filed in TXSB on 11/06/25   Page 22 of 37

=== page 23 ===
 
23 
 
with Solar Construction Lending, LLC (the “BRP Fundamental Lender”).  The BRP Fundamental 
Loan Agreement provides BRP with funding in connection with its EPC services.  Obligations 
under the BRP Fundamental Loan Agreement are generally secured by all assets of the Company’s 
BRP business and are guaranteed by PGR.  As of the Petition Date, the Company has 
approximately $135 million outstanding under the BRP Fundamental Loan Agreement, which 
includes a $35 million note issued in June 2025 (after the BRP Fundamental Lender agreed to 
increase the amount of the previously lent $100 million note). 
53. 
BRP WTB Facility.  Debtor BRP Construction, Inc. (the “BRP WTB Borrower”) 
is party to that Loan Agreement, dated as of May 12, 2021 (as amended, restated, supplemented 
or otherwise modified from time to time prior to the Petition Date, the “BRP WTB Loan 
Agreement”), with West Town Bank & Trust.  The proceeds from the BRP WTB Loan Agreement 
provided the BRP WTB Borrower with funding in connection with the acquisition of Horne 
Brothers Construction in 2021.  Obligations under the BRP WTB Loan Agreement are generally 
secured by substantially all assets of the BRP WTB Borrower.  As of the Petition Date, the 
Company has approximately $19 million outstanding under the BRP WTB Loan Agreement. 
J. 
ACT Financing  
54. 
Non-Debtor ACT Power Services, LLC (the “ACT Borrower”) is party to that Loan 
Agreement, dated as of November 30, 2022 (as amended, restated, supplemented or otherwise 
modified from time to time prior to the Petition Date, the “ACT Loan Agreement”), with West 
Town Bank & Trust.  The ACT Loan Agreement provided the ACT Borrower with financing used 
to acquire the O&M business in 2022.  Obligations under the ACT Loan Agreement are generally 
secured by all assets of the ACT Borrower and its related non-Debtor affiliates.  As of the Petition 
Date, the Company has approximately $7.1 million outstanding under the ACT Loan Agreement. 
Case 25-90669   Document 19   Filed in TXSB on 11/06/25   Page 23 of 37

=== page 24 ===
 
24 
 
K. 
Surety Bonds and General Indemnification Agreements 
55. 
In the ordinary course of business, the Company maintains surety bonds in favor of 
certain third parties to ensure the Company’s payment or performance of certain obligations in 
connection with its projects, including, most notably, bonds related to the payment and 
performance of Blue Ridge’s EPC obligations and services.  In addition, to support the issuance 
of those bonds, certain Blue Ridge Power sureties have indemnification agreements with certain 
other Debtors that provide, in some cases, security interests and other rights in favor of such surety. 
L. 
Equity Ownership 
56. 
Debtor PGR is directly owned and managed by PGR Holdco, LP (the 
“Partnership”), which in turn is managed by PGR Holdco GP, LLC (the “General Partner”).  All 
common equity of the Partnership is owned indirectly by Ben Catt, Chris Dunbar, James Luster, 
and myself, through PGR Partners, LLC (the “PGR Member”).  The preferred equity of the 
Partnership (Class A and Class B) by (i) GC PGR HoldCo Member, LLC and GC PGR HoldCo, 
LLC (the “Generate Members”), each an affiliate of Generate Capital (which purchased its equity 
through one or both of the Generate Members in 2022, 2023, and 2024) and (ii) Healthcare of 
Ontario Pension Plan Trust Fund (the “HOOPP Member”) (which purchased its equity in 2024).  
The Class A preferred equity is convertible and accrues interest at 8%; the Class B preferred equity 
is non-convertible and accrues interest at 12%.   Incentive units are held by Pine Gate Management 
Holdings, LLC, a special purpose vehicle organized to manage incentive units for key management 
of the Company. 
M. 
Governance 
57. 
The Company’s governance ultimately sits with the General Partner, which is 
managed by a board of managers (the “Board”).  Prior to August 11, 2025, the Board consisted of 
five managers: two affiliated with and appointed by the PGR Member, two affiliated with and 
Case 25-90669   Document 19   Filed in TXSB on 11/06/25   Page 24 of 37

=== page 25 ===
 
25 
 
appointed by the Generate Members, and one affiliated with and appointed by the HOOPP 
Member.  However, in connection with the terms of the August Forbearance (as defined and 
described below), the PGR Member appointed two independent managers to the Board and the 
Generate Members appointed one independent manager to the Board (collectively, the 
“Independent Managers”).  The current Board composition is as follows: 
Manager Name 
Position 
Designating Member 
Benjamin Catt 
Chairman, Manager  
PGR Member 
Ray Shem 
Manager 
PGR Member 
Stephen Smith 
Manager 
HOOPP Member 
Aaron Bielenberg 
Manager 
Generate Members 
Laxman Ramu 
Manager 
Generate Members 
Neal Goldman 
Independent Manager 
PGR Member 
William Transier 
Independent Manager 
PGR Member 
Todd Arden 
Independent Manager 
Generate Members 
 
58. 
Also in accordance with the August Forbearance, on August 20, 2025, the Board 
established a committee consisting of the three Independent Managers (the “Special Committee”).  
The Special Committee was delegated the right and authority to explore potential debt or equity 
or other financing, sale, restructuring, recapitalization, strategic transaction and other similar 
opportunities and transactions for the Company (each, a “Strategic Transaction”).  In connection 
with such delegation, the Board authorized the Special Committee to review, evaluate, analyze, 
negotiate, and make recommendations to the Board to approve or reject any Strategic Transactions; 
however, the Board retained the ultimate authority to approve or reject any Strategic Transaction. 
59. 
On October 14, 2025, the Board separately delegated to the Special Committee sole 
and exclusive authority to initiate, conduct, and oversee any investigation and review of any 
potential claims or causes of action or historical transactions entered into by the Company or its 
subsidiaries that may be addressed, released, or implicated in any Strategic Transaction, and 
Case 25-90669   Document 19   Filed in TXSB on 11/06/25   Page 25 of 37

=== page 26 ===
 
26 
 
determine what steps, if any, should be taken in relation thereto, including commencing, 
prosecuting, negotiating, settling, and/or releasing any such claims in connection with respect 
thereto (the “Investigation”).  The Special Committee’s Investigation remains ongoing, with the 
assistance of Latham, Hunton, and A&M. 
60. 
In connection with the Bridge Financing (as defined and further described below), 
on October 6, 2025, the Company implemented boards of managers at the following entities (the 
“Subsidiary Board Entities”), each comprised of the three Independent Managers and an 
additional independent manager appointed by the Company following nominations from each 
applicable Bridge/DIP Lender (each, a “Lender Nominee”)—Michael Wartell for the Brookfield 
silo, Jonathan Zinman for the Carlyle silo, and Patrick Bartels for the Fundamental silo: 
Brookfield (Mr. Wartell) 
Carlyle (Mr. Zinman) 
Fundamental (Mr. Bartels) 
BF Dev Holdco, LLC 
NPA 2023 Holdco, LLC 
Cascade Dev Holdco, LLC  
Cascade NTP Holdco, LLC  
NPA PGR Blocker Holdco, LLC  
FP 2021 Dev Holdco, LLC  
PGC Solar Holdings Holdco II, LLC  NPA Polaris DevCo Holdco, LLC  PG Dev Carver Holdco, LLC  
PGR Blocker Holdco, LLC  
NPA Polaris OpCo Holdco, LLC  
PGR 2021 Holdco 17, LLC  
Polaris OpCo Pledgor B, LLC  
 
PGR Carver Holdco, LLC  
 
 
Sirius OpCo Pledgor, LLC   
61. 
Board decisions at the Subsidiary Board Entities must be made by majority board 
approval, provided that any decisions that fall within the following categories (among others) 
specifically require approval from the applicable Lender Nominee: (a) amending the corporate 
organizational docs of the Subsidiary Board Entities or their subsidiaries, (b) incurring debt or 
granting liens at the Subsidiary Board Entities or their subsidiaries, (c) selling, transferring, or 
disposing of assets from the Subsidiary Board Entities or their subsidiaries outside the ordinary 
course of business, (d) materially changing the terms of any agreement with Pine Gate O&M, or 
(e) commencing any bankruptcy, insolvency, or liquidation proceeding. 
Case 25-90669   Document 19   Filed in TXSB on 11/06/25   Page 26 of 37

=== page 27 ===
 
27 
 
II. 
KEY EVENTS PRECEDING COMMENCEMENT OF THE CHAPTER 11 CASES 
A. 
Pre-Filing Challenges 
62. 
As described above, the need to commence these Chapter 11 Cases was a result of 
a number of factors, including financial challenges with the Company’s EPC business (Blue Ridge 
Power), unfavorable trends in the renewable energy industry and the broader economy, and 
inadequate liquidity.   
63. 
EPC Challenges.  Blue Ridge Power, while created to generate additional revenues 
by bringing construction services in-house, has faced significant financial challenges and has not 
performed as expected, leading to substantial financial losses.  Blue Ridge Power’s struggles have 
been a further drain on the Company’s overall liquidity, as the Company has had to allocate more 
funds than projected to support continued delays and cost overruns on the Company’s projects 
constructed by Blue Ridge Power.  As of the Petition Date, Blue Ridge Power has approximately 
$224 million in accounts payable and liabilities. 
64. 
Unfavorable Industry and Economic Trends.  Pine Gate’s financial difficulties have 
been further compounded by unfavorable industry trends and broader economic factors.  With 
respect to the renewable energy industry, legislative and regulatory challenges have significantly 
slowed solar power development.  In particular, the recently passed “One Big Beautiful Bill” 
expedited the elimination of the federal investment tax credit for solar projects while also placing 
extensive new sourcing requirements on projects that utilize the credit during its remaining years.  
Additionally, steep tariffs have been imposed on virtually all imported materials necessary to 
construct utility-scale solar projects.  This includes solar modules, the most significant capital cost 
associated with constructing a solar project, but extends to other materials as well, including 
inverters, racking, and structural steel.  In addition, continued inflation has led to increased costs 
in project development and construction. 
Case 25-90669   Document 19   Filed in TXSB on 11/06/25   Page 27 of 37

=== page 28 ===
 
28 
 
65. 
These market factors and associated uncertainty for the industry over the medium-
term have also substantially cooled interest in investing in or acquiring solar projects, which both 
(a) reduces the ability for the Company to access liquidity by selling projects and (b) reduces the 
value of those assets.  As a result, while the Company’s costs have been rising, it has been unable 
to charge more for projects or even successfully access their value by selling them once completed.  
In combination, these forces have put extreme pressure on Pine Gate’s liquidity and overall 
financial position. 
66. 
Insufficient Liquidity.  The financial strain based on the losses at Blue Ridge Power, 
along with the unfavorable trends in the renewable energy industry and broader economy, put Pine 
Gate in a precarious liquidity position with no runway outside of these Chapter 11 Cases and the 
Debtors’ proposed DIP financing.  Immediately prior to the Bridge Financing, the Debtors had 
only approximately $8.5 million of cash on hand.  
B. 
Pre-Filing Restructuring Efforts 
67. 
Despite its many challenges, the Company’s Board and management remained 
committed to finding a value-maximizing solution for the benefit of all stakeholders.  Leading up 
these Chapter 11 Cases, the Company’s management, advisors, Board, and Special Committee met 
frequently to discuss and explore all available options for the Company to address its financial 
challenges and maximize value, including out-of-court alternatives and in-court processes. 
68. 
Prior Alternative Transaction Efforts.  Throughout 2024 and early 2025, the 
Company (through its Board, management, and then-existing advisors) pursued a range of strategic 
alternatives in an effort to address the Company’s financial circumstances.  For example: 
 In the first quarter of 2024, the Company launched a process to sell seven of the 
Company’s assets known as Magenta, Long Bridge, Salt, Richardson, Coxton 
Lake, Promise, and Pearl.  As part of that process, the Company reached out to 
approximately 130 potential investors.  That process lasted approximately six 
months and did not result in any actionable proposal.  
Case 25-90669   Document 19   Filed in TXSB on 11/06/25   Page 28 of 37

=== page 29 ===
 
29 
 
 In the second quarter of 2024, the Company engaged a third-party investment 
banking firm (the “Prior Banker”) to run an auction process to sell 49% of 
materially all of the Company’s operating assets, excluding those included in 
the John Hancock joint ventures.  As part of that process, the Prior Banker 
reached out to approximately 50 potential investors.  That process lasted 
approximately nine months and did not result in any actionable proposal.    
 In the third quarter of 2024, the Company launched a sale process to sell 100% 
of the Company’s asset known as Sunstone.  As part of that process, the 
Company reached out to approximately 10 potential investors.  That process 
lasted approximately six months and did not result in any actionable proposal.  
 In the fourth quarter of 2024, the Company and the Prior Banker launched an 
auction process to sell 100% of five of the Company’s assets known as Porter, 
Cane Creek, Moonshot, Sonny, and Bulldog, with additional projects evaluated 
by potential bidders along the way.  As part of that process, the Company and 
the Prior Banker reached out to approximately 77 potential investors.  That 
process lasted approximately 12 months and did not result in any actionable 
proposal. 
 Also in the fourth quarter of 2024, the Company signed a letter of intent with 
NextEnergy Capital to sell two of the Company’s projects known as Landrace 
and Phobos.  That process lasted approximately six months and did not result 
in any actionable proposal.  
 In the first quarter of 2025, the Company launched a project-level preferred 
equity capital raise process.  As part of that process, the Company reached out 
to approximately 22 potential investors.  That process lasted approximately six 
months and did not result in any actionable proposal.  
 In June 2025, the Company, together with its preferred equity shareholder 
Generate Capital, launched several project specific transaction processes with 
three potential counterparties for a variety of the Company’s assets.  To date, 
those processes have not resulted in actionable proposals.  
69. 
Engagement of Restructuring Professionals.  Given the unsuccessful outcome of 
those processes, the Company retained the following professionals to advise the Company in 
potential alternative value-maximizing solutions to its financial challenges: 
 On March 10, 2025, the Company engaged A&M to provide consulting services 
to the Company to improve the financial and operating performance of Blue 
Ridge Power LLC.  The Company expanded the scope of that engagement as 
of September 3, 2025 to include broader liquidity and restructuring services for 
the whole Company, including the appointment of Mark Rajcevich as the 
Company’s Chief Restructuring Officer. 
Case 25-90669   Document 19   Filed in TXSB on 11/06/25   Page 29 of 37

=== page 30 ===
 
30 
 
 
 On June 23, 2025, the Company engaged Lazard to explore potential sale 
transactions.  The Company expanded the scope of that engagement as of 
August 1, 2025 to include broader financing and restructuring services. 
 
 On July 18, 2025 and September 9, 2025, the Company engaged Latham and 
Hunton (respectively) to provide legal services in connection with the 
Company’s financing and restructuring efforts. 
70. 
Preferred Investors’ Forbearance.  On April 7, 2025, the Company did not make an 
approximately $9 million preferred coupon payment owed to the Generate Members and the 
HOOPP Member under the partnership agreement for the Partnership.  The partnership agreement 
provided a four-month cure period that expired on August 7, 2025.  Failure to make the coupon 
payment by such date arguably would have resulted in a mandatory redemption event under the 
partnership agreement, with other consequences to the Company flowing from that event.   
71. 
With the assistance of their advisors, the Company negotiated and entered into a 
forbearance agreement with the Generate Members and the HOOPP Member on August 7, 2025 
(the “August Forbearance”), providing a two-week forbearance period until August 21, 2025, to 
allow the Company time to continue progress towards a longer-term financial solution.  The 
Generate Members and the HOOPP Member granted various extensions of the August 
Forbearance, ultimately extending the August Forbearance to October 17, 2025.  On October 17, 
2025, the Debtors entered into a second forbearance agreement with the Generate Members and 
the HOOPP Member, which (among other things) extended the forbearance period through the 
earlier of (among other things) November 30, 2025 and the bar date for filing proofs of claim in 
the Chapter 11 Cases. 
72. 
Blue Ridge Power Winddown.  In September 2025, the Company began an orderly 
winddown of Blue Ridge Power in light of its struggles.  At its projects for third-party owners, 
Blue Ridge Power began to focus primarily on “health, safety, security, and environment” (HSSE) 
Case 25-90669   Document 19   Filed in TXSB on 11/06/25   Page 30 of 37

=== page 31 ===
 
31 
 
services while transitioning those projects back to the owners or other third parties to complete the 
outstanding construction.  Blue Ridge Power also implemented a reduction in force on October 17, 
2025, reducing its workforce from over 500 employees to 51 employees.  Blue Ridge Power is 
continuing to progress the operational and administrative aspects of the winddown, including 
office closures and data retention plans. 
73. 
Continued Sale and Financing Efforts.  At the time of Lazard’s engagement in late 
June 2025, there was significant market and political-related uncertainty around the renewables 
industry, particularly given the then-expected, but not yet passed, “One Big Beautiful Bill” (which 
was ultimately signed on July 4, 2025).  Three days after passage of the “One Big Beautiful Bill,” 
that uncertainly was exacerbated by the issuance of the Executive Order directing the Secretary of 
Treasury to revise, within 45 days, certain guidance regarding the “Beginning of Construction” 
that has historically been used by the solar industry to determine tax credit eligibility.   
74. 
Against this backdrop of uncertainty, the Company engaged Lazard to run a process 
to sell all or a majority of the equity in the Company (excluding the John Hancock joint venture 
and BRP).  As Lazard prepared for a broader process, Lazard prescreened the investment 
opportunity with ten potential buyers in early July 2025.  Though several parties cited the 
Company’s capital structure complexity and total quantum of preferred equity, equity bridge loans, 
and overall leverage as reasons to not participate in a transaction, eight parties engaged in robust 
and exhaustive diligence to assess an acquisition of the Company and a portion have continued to 
do so through the commencement of a broader marketing launch (described below) and these 
Chapter 11 Cases.   
75. 
In late August 2025, the Company and its advisors began engaging with the 
Corporate Lenders as well as third parties with respect to potential financing.  As part of the third-
Case 25-90669   Document 19   Filed in TXSB on 11/06/25   Page 31 of 37

=== page 32 ===
 
32 
 
party financing process, Lazard reached out to over 30 parties, approximately 20 of which signed 
NDAs for the purpose of engaging in further diligence.   
76. 
In mid-September 2025, the Company and its advisors launched an expanded sale 
process for any and all assets of the Company (excluding the John Hancock joint venture and Blue 
Ridge Power).  As part of this process, Lazard has interacted with over 235 potential buyers, of 
which approximately 150 have executed NDAs and received access to confidential 
information.  As of October 31, 2025, the Company had received preliminary indications of 
interest from approximately 20 parties and has continued to advance the marketing process through 
the commencement of the Chapter 11 cases. 
77. 
The Company eventually received two third-party postpetition financing proposals, 
neither of which were actionable.  The financing amount in both proposals was significantly less 
than the Company’s funding need.  Despite the Company’s and their advisors’ best efforts to 
encourage the third parties to increase the quantum of their proposed financing amounts, they were 
not willing to do so.  Ultimately, one of the potential lenders withdrew its proposal due to its 
inability to meet the Company’s requested funding needs.  In addition to the remaining proposal 
being materially less than the Company’s funding need, it also required liens that were senior to 
the Corporate Lenders on substantially all assets (including priming liens on substantially all of 
the development assets) and contained conditions precedent to delayed draws that created material 
risks to the Company’s ability to access the majority of the proposed financing commitment. 
78. 
Among the Debtors’ efforts to raise additional capital, they evaluated and 
negotiated several term sheets with the Generate Members, structured around potential financing, 
sale, and recapitalization transactions, however the parties determined that such transactions were 
not ultimately actionable.   
Case 25-90669   Document 19   Filed in TXSB on 11/06/25   Page 32 of 37

=== page 33 ===
 
33 
 
79. 
Bridge Financing.  Simultaneously with their outreach to third parties, the Debtors 
engaged in discussions with Fundamental, Brookfield, and Carlyle (the Debtors’ three Corporate 
Lenders) in an effort to obtain bridge financing that would provide the Debtors with additional 
liquidity and more runway to prepare for these Chapter 11 Cases in a more orderly, value-
maximizing manner.  These discussions began in earnest in early September 2025 and—after a 
month of hard-fought, arm’s-length negotiations—ultimately resulted in the three lenders 
providing $412 million of total financing commitments to the Company, consisting of 
approximately $208 million in out-of-court financing (the “Bridge Financing”) and 
approximately $204 million in additional DIP financing commitments (plus amounts not lent in 
the Bridge Financing) (the “DIP Commitments”).  The lenders also each agreed to serve as stalking 
horse bidder for the purchase (through credit bids) of their respective projects’ collateral.   
80. 
The Bridge Financing closed on October 6, 2025.  In connection with the Bridge 
Financing and DIP Commitments, the three lenders received guarantees and liens from 
(a) previously unencumbered entities that sat above the Bridge/DIP Lenders’ borrowers in the 
Company’s corporate structure and (b) previously unencumbered entities that sat between the 
Bridge/DIP Lenders’ borrowers and the solar power projects. 
81. 
The Company’s Board, its independent Special Committee, its management, and 
its advisors unanimously believed that the Bridge/DIP Lenders’ proposal presented the best and 
most value-maximizing path available to the Company under the circumstances and justified the 
granting of new liens and guarantees.  Without the financing under Bridge/DIP Lenders’ proposal, 
the Company would have had to either file chapter 7 or file an insufficiently funded chapter 11 
process with the attendant risk of conversion to chapter 7.   
Case 25-90669   Document 19   Filed in TXSB on 11/06/25   Page 33 of 37

=== page 34 ===
 
34 
 
82. 
Among other things, the proposal provided the Company with sufficient and 
committed liquidity to preserve asset value as it pursues a sale process through an orderly chapter 
11 case.  The Bridge Financing permitted the Company (i) to continue chapter 11 preparations 
(including the negotiation and documentation of DIP financing documents and stalking horse 
purchase agreements) and (ii) to solicit certain related consents from its tax equity providers, 
project lenders, and PPA and interconnection agreement counterparties, to minimize any potential 
disruptions that may result at Non-Debtor Affiliates from the Chapter 11 Cases. 
III. 
PATH FORWARD IN CHAPTER 11 CASES 
83. 
The Debtors’ ultimate goal in these Chapter 11 Cases is to facilitate a strategic and 
robust Court-supervised sales process for substantially all of the Debtors’ assets and business 
operations, to maximize value for the benefit of all stakeholders while preserving jobs and 
transitioning business operations. 
84. 
In connection with that goal, the Debtors have filed a motion asking the Court to 
approve (i) bid procedures that contemplate a bid deadline of December 15, 2025 and closings by 
December 31, 2025, (ii) the designation of the Bridge/DIP Lenders as the stalking horse buyers 
for their respective solar projects and (in the case of Fundamental) the Debtors’ independent power 
producer platform, and (iii) procedures by which the Company can designate a stalking horse buyer 
for the sale of ACT, should one materialize.  Following such sales, the Debtors intend to seek 
confirmation of a chapter 11 plan.   
85. 
In the near term, however, the Debtors’ immediate objective is to preserve the value 
of the Company during the early stage of these Chapter 11 Cases so that they can continue their 
sales process and pursuit of value-maximizing transactions.  The Debtors believe that the breathing 
spell provided by the Chapter 11 Cases and the liquidity runway provided by the DIP financing 
best position the Debtors to maximize the value of their estates, preserve as many jobs as possible, 
Case 25-90669   Document 19   Filed in TXSB on 11/06/25   Page 34 of 37

=== page 35 ===
 
35 
 
transition business operations in a value-maximizing manner, and ultimately lead to a successful 
resolution of these Chapter 11 Cases.   
Pursuant to 28 U.S.C. § 1746, I declare under penalty of perjury that the foregoing is true 
and correct. 
Dated: November 6, 2025  
 
Asheville, North Carolina 
/s/ Ray Shem 
 
Name: Ray Shem 
Title:  President and Chief Financial Officer
Case 25-90669   Document 19   Filed in TXSB on 11/06/25   Page 35 of 37

=== page 36 ===
 
 
US-DOCS\163489928 
Exhibit A 
 
Simplified Organizational Chart 
 
Case 25-90669   Document 19   Filed in TXSB on 11/06/25   Page 36 of 37

=== page 37 ===
PGR Holdco GP, LLC
PGR Holdco, LP
Pine Gate Renewables, 
LLC
Pine Gate Fund 
Management, LLC
Pine Gate 
Development, LLC
PGR Carver Holdco LLC
PGR Blue Ridge Power 
Holdings, LLC
Blue Ridge Power 
Holding Company, LLC
Pine Gate EPC, LLC
Blue Ridge Power, LLC
BRP HBC Guarantor, 
LLC
BRP HBC Holdco, LLC
BRP Construction, Inc.
BF Dev Holdco Pledgor, 
LLC
PW Revolver Borrower, 
LLC
FP 2021 Dev Holdco, 
LLC
Pine Gate Dev Holdco, 
LLC
Cascade Pledgor, LLC
NPA Polaris DevCo 
Pledgor, LLC
PG Dev Carver Holdco 
LLC
PGC Solar Holdings I, 
LLC
PGC Solar Holdings I 
Managing Member, LLC
PGR 2024 Sponsor 
Holdco, LLC
PGR 2020 Lessor 7, LLC
Cascade Dev Holdco, 
LLC
Cascade NTP Holdco, 
LLC
Polaris DevCo Pledgor 
B, LLC
Polaris DevCo Borrower 
B, LLC
NPA 2023 Holdco, LLC
Pine Gate Assets, LLC
PGR Signature Fund 1 
Manager, LLC
BF Dev Holdco, LLC
West River Solar, LLC
NPA Polaris DevCo 
Holdco, LLC
Pine Gate Energy 
Capital, LLC
PGC Solar Holdings 
Holdco II, LLC
Thigpen Farms
Fresh Air Energy XXXVII
Fresh Air Energy XXIII
Cathcart
Glover Creek
Cane Creek
Bulldog
Sonny
Moonshot
UN-School House
CL-Viaduct
Stratford
PGR Blocker Holdco, 
LLC
PW Blocker Holdco, LLC
NPA Polaris Opco Holdco, 
LLC
NPA PGR Blocker Holdco, 
LLC
Allora 
Gunsight
Phobos
Cabin Creek
Limewood Bell 
Renewables, LLC
PGR 2022 Sponsor 
Holdco, LLC
Landrace
Virginia Line
Porter
Catalina
Eastover Solar
John 
Hancock 
Portfolio
BRP Surety Indemnitor
Fundamental BRP Borrower/Guarantor
Fundamental Dev Borrower/Guarantor
Stowe Solar, LLC
HBC Secured Acq. Loan ($25m)
Carlyle Borrower/Guarantor
Brookfield Borrower/Guarantor
ACT
Non-Filing Business / Asset
Pathward Borrower/Guarantor/ProjectCo Lien Grantor
Rio Lago Solar, LLC
Old Hayneville Solar, 
LLC
Tax Equity Financed Fundamental Project
Tax Equity Financed Carlyle Project
Tax Equity Financed Brookfield Project
Dark grey boxes are simplifying depictions of 
Company’s multi-entity “inverted lease” or 
“partnership flip” tax equity structures and related 
holding companies.  Managing member and 
borrower entities, along with their respective 
direct and indirect parent entities, generally will 
file chapter 11 cases.
For the avoidance of doubt, legal entities at the 
project level that are subject to bankruptcy filing 
consent rights in favor of tax equity investors will 
not file chapter 11 cases.
Magnolia Solar 
Development, LLC
Lotus Solar, LLC
GA Solar 5, LLC
Solar Carver 1, LLC
Solar Carver 3, LLC
Blue Ridge Solar, LLC
Blue Northern Power, 
LLC
NOTES
1.  All entities depicted with full legal names are Debtors, but not all Debtors are depicted here.  Refer to text in 
red-dashed box near the middle of the chart for further explanation.
2.  Depictions of debt obligations exclude limited guarantees and equity pledges by certain holding companies of 
their subsidiaries that are debt obligors, due to limited economic relevance.
Two Hearted
Pine Gate O&M, LLC
PGR Guarantor, LLC
Pine Gate Carver 
Holdings, LLC
Sunstone Solar, LLC
Sunstone Solar 1, LLC
Sunstone Solar 2, LLC
Sunstone Solar 3, LLC
Sunstone Solar 4, LLC
Sunstone Solar 5, LLC
Sunstone Solar 6, LLC
Polaris OpCo Pledgor A, 
LLC
Polaris OpCo Borrower A, 
LLC
East Atmore
Gransolar
BT Jungmann
PGR Procurement, LLC
Pine Gate Asset 
Management, LLC
Pari First Lien Bridge/DIP Guarantor
Apex
Lavender
Foley
Case 25-90669   Document 19   Filed in TXSB on 11/06/25   Page 37 of 37

