=== page 1 ===
 
US-DOCS\162102331.7 
IN THE UNITED STATES BANKRUPTCY COURT 
FOR THE SOUTHERN DISTRICT OF TEXAS 
HOUSTON DIVISION 
------------------------------------------------------------ 
In re: 
MODIVCARE INC., et al., 
 
   Debtors.1 
------------------------------------------------------------ 
x 
: 
: 
: 
: 
: 
: 
: 
x 
Chapter 11 
Case No. 25-90309 (ARP) 
(Joint Administration Requested) 
DECLARATION OF CHAD J. SHANDLER IN SUPPORT OF 
DEBTORS’ CHAPTER 11 PETITIONS AND FIRST DAY RELIEF 
I, Chad J. Shandler, pursuant to section 1746 of title 28 of the United States Code, hereby 
declare that the following is true and correct: 
1. 
I am the Chief Transformation Officer (“CTO”) of ModivCare Inc. (“ModivCare” 
or the “Company”) and its debtor affiliates (collectively the “Debtors”).  I submit this first day 
declaration (this “Declaration”) in support of (a) the Debtors’ prearranged Chapter 11 Cases to 
implement a consensual and comprehensive restructuring of the Debtors’ balance sheet, and (b) 
the Debtors’ Petitions and all “first-day” motions and applications filed by the Debtors 
(collectively, the “First Day Pleadings”). 
2. 
I was appointed as CTO on January 9, 2025.  Prior to my appointment as CTO, 
I provided financial advisory services to the Debtors in connection with my role as a Senior 
Managing Director at FTI Consulting, Inc. (“FTI”).  Since commencing work for the Debtors on 
November 29, 2024, together with the FTI team, I have been personally involved with the Debtors’ 
business and operations and their restructuring process.  Accordingly, I have acquired significant 
knowledge of the Debtors, their businesses, and the circumstances that led to the commencement 
 
1  
A complete list of each of the Debtors in these chapter 11 cases (the “Chapter 11 Cases”) and the last four digits 
of each Debtor’s taxpayer identification number (if applicable) may be obtained on the website of the Debtors’ 
proposed claims and noticing agent at https://www.veritaglobal.net/ModivCare.  Debtor ModivCare Inc.’s 
principal place of business and the Debtors’ service address in these Chapter 11 Cases is 6900 E. Layton Avenue, 
Suite 1100 & 1200, Denver, Colorado 80237. 
Case 25-90309   Document 14   Filed in TXSB on 08/20/25   Page 1 of 225

=== page 2 ===
2 
 
of the Chapter 11 Cases, as well as the Debtors’ financial affairs, capital structure, operations, and 
related matters.2 
3. 
I have been a Senior Managing Director at FTI for approximately seven years and 
serve as the Co-Leader of the Healthcare Practice and Co-Leader of Healthcare Restructuring 
Services.  My practice focuses on identifying restructuring alternatives, developing financial and 
operating plans and building consensus with stakeholders across a wide spectrum of healthcare 
assignments.  My expertise includes serving as a chief restructuring officer and advising 
stakeholders with an emphasis in a variety of healthcare sectors including hospitals, senior living 
and housing, freestanding emergency rooms, physician practices, and life sciences.  I am often 
asked to serve in an interim management or financial advisory role to lead the restructuring and/or 
business transformation efforts of companies including but not limited to assessing financial 
performance, liquidity management, negotiating with stakeholders, comparing operating results to 
industry norms, developing “bottoms‐up” multi‐year financial forecasts, support asset sales and 
due diligence processes, arranging financing and evaluate marketing plans, marketing efforts, and 
demographics of primary market areas and otherwise advise with respect to restructuring options.  
A representative list of my previous clients involving restructuring matters includes Steward 
Health Care, Prospect Healthcare, Northwest Senior Housing Corporation, Tarrant County Senior 
Living Centre, Inc., Neighbors Health, CUE Health, Amsterdam House Continuing Care 
Retirement Community, Dowling College, and Beverly Community Hospital.  
4. 
As set forth above, I am knowledgeable about, and familiar with, the Debtors’ day-
to-day operations, business and financial affairs, books and records, and the circumstances that led 
to the commencement of the Chapter 11 Cases.  Except as otherwise indicated herein, the facts set 
forth in this Declaration are based upon my personal knowledge, my review of relevant documents, 
information provided to me by employees working under my supervision, my opinion based upon 
 
2  
Capitalized terms used but not otherwise defined herein have the meanings ascribed to such terms in the 
Restructuring Support Agreement (including the restructuring term sheet attached thereto), as applicable (each as 
defined below). 
Case 25-90309   Document 14   Filed in TXSB on 08/20/25   Page 2 of 225

=== page 3 ===
3 
 
experience, knowledge, and information concerning the Debtors’ operations and financial 
condition, my own reasonable inquiry, and/or my discussions with the Debtors’ other officers, 
directors, and restructuring advisors, including professionals at Latham & Watkins LLP 
(“Latham”), Hunton Andrews Kurth LLP (“Hunton”), Moelis & Company (“Moelis”), FTI,3 and 
Kurtzman Carson Consultants, LLC d/b/a Verita Global (“Verita” and, together with Latham, 
Hunton, Moelis, and FTI, the “Advisors”).  If called upon to testify, I would testify to the facts set 
forth in this Declaration. 
PRELIMINARY STATEMENT 
5. 
ModivCare comes before the Court having entered into a restructuring support 
agreement for a comprehensive restructuring, deleveraging its balance sheet, and injecting much 
needed liquidity into the businesses (the “Restructuring”).  The Company has secured substantial 
creditor support. Specifically, the Restructuring is supported by holders of approximately (a) 90% 
of the aggregate outstanding principal amount under the First Lien Facility, and (b) 70% of the 
aggregate outstanding principal amount under the Second Lien Notes (as defined herein and 
collectively, the “Consenting Creditors”) that are party to that certain Restructuring Support 
Agreement dated as of August 20, 2025, annexed hereto as Exhibit A (as amended from time to 
time and including all exhibits and schedules thereto, the “Restructuring Support Agreement”). 
6. 
The Restructuring contemplated by the Restructuring Support Agreement will 
substantially reduce the Company’s balance sheet liabilities from approximately $1.4 billion in 
total funded debt to approximately $300 million in total funded debt upon emergence.  It also 
provides for, among other things: 
• the funding of the Chapter 11 Cases through a backstopped $100 million new 
money debtor-in-possession financing facility (the “DIP Financing”); 
 
• the commitment to convert all outstanding DIP Loans and claims on the Effective 
Date of the Plan to term loans under a takeback loan facility (the “Exit Term Loan 
Facility”);  
 
3  
In addition to providing the services of a CTO, FTI provides temporary employees to assist the CTO and otherwise 
provide financial advisory services to the Debtors. 
Case 25-90309   Document 14   Filed in TXSB on 08/20/25   Page 3 of 225

=== page 4 ===
4 
 
 
• the ability for the Reorganized Debtors to enter into a $250 million Exit Revolver 
Credit Agreement, inclusive of a $150 million sublimit for the issuance of letters 
of credit, which are often required by the Company’s contract counterparties, and 
which may facilitate greater free cash flow, given the current collateral 
requirements of the Company’s surety providers; and 
 
• an equity rights offering, open to holders of Unsecured Notes and Other General 
Unsecured Creditors. 
7. 
ModivCare Inc. traces its roots back over thirty years, and certain of its business 
segments began providing non-emergency medical transportation (“NEMT”) services to 
government-sponsored healthcare programs in the 1980s.  Since its founding, ModivCare has 
grown into a leading technology-enabled healthcare services company, connecting members to 
essential care through NEMT, personal care services (“PCS”), and remote patient monitoring 
(“RPM”).  The Company’s corporate segment includes general corporate services as well as the 
Company’s virtual care and community-based monitoring innovation programs; additionally, the 
Company’s ownership stake and minority interest in a national provider network of community-
based clinicians delivering in-home and on-site services (“Corporate,” and together with NEMT, 
PCS, and RPM, the “Business Segments”).  Over the past decade, ModivCare has transformed 
into one of the nation’s largest providers of supportive care solutions, serving millions of members 
annually across 48 states and the District of Columbia, including Texas, through a workforce of 
approximately 23,675 employees and thousands of contracted third-party transportation providers 
and their respective drivers who are employed by the Debtors and their non-Debtor affiliates. 
8. 
ModivCare’s services are engrained in the everyday lives of vulnerable 
populations.  For example, ModivCare coordinates millions of annual rides to and from doctors’ 
offices, dialysis centers, and hospitals for Medicaid and Medicare members; provides in-home 
personal care services that allow seniors and persons with disabilities to live independently; and 
offers connected-care monitoring and digital engagement tools that promote preventive health and 
reduce avoidable hospitalizations, often in rural settings.  Through these services, ModivCare plays 
Case 25-90309   Document 14   Filed in TXSB on 08/20/25   Page 4 of 225

=== page 5 ===
5 
 
a critical role in supporting healthcare access and addressing social determinants of health for some 
of the nation’s most at-risk communities. 
9. 
For the fiscal year ending December 31, 2024, ModivCare generated approximately 
$2.79 billion in service revenue and $161.1 million in adjusted EBITDA.  Despite the strength and 
societal importance of its platform, ModivCare is weighed down by approximately $1.4 billion in 
funded debt, substantial annual interest expense, and persistent cash flow pressure.  ModivCare 
reported a net loss of $201.3 million in 2024 and negative free cash flow of $34.0 million, and in 
the first quarter of 2025, revenues declined nearly 5% year-over-year, with adjusted EBITDA of 
$32.6 million.  The Company’s revolving credit facility is fully drawn, including $75 million 
principal coming due and owing in January 2026, and its leverage ratio is unsustainable. 
10. 
In addition to its balance sheet challenges, macroeconomic and industry-wide 
factors have further pressured the business.  Plan changes in Medicare Advantage and working 
capital mismatches have reduced cash inflows and put further liquidity timing demands on the 
Debtors.  Contract counterparties have increasingly demanded more restrictive terms, while 
rumors of a potential restructuring and perceptions of financial instability have led to counterparty 
de-risking.  These dynamics, combined with rising costs of care delivery, have exacerbated 
ModivCare’s liquidity strain. 
11. 
In January 2025 and March 2025, ModivCare exchanged approximately $271 
million of Unsecured Notes for Second Lien Notes and raised approximately $105 million—
comprising $75 million in new first lien secured debt and an additional $30 million via the issuance 
of Second Lien Notes—to secure vital liquidity and covenant relief and stave off an immediate 
chapter 11 filing.  While the measures bought time and temporarily stabilized operations, they did 
not address ModivCare’s fundamental leverage and increasing liquidity challenges, making a 
comprehensive restructuring ultimately unavoidable. 
12. 
Following the events of January 2025, ModivCare continued to struggle with a 
heavy debt load—approximately $1.4 billion as of March 2025—and high cash interest costs that 
constrained liquidity and growth.  At the same time, the Company has faced persistent industry 
Case 25-90309   Document 14   Filed in TXSB on 08/20/25   Page 5 of 225

=== page 6 ===
6 
 
headwinds, including reimbursement pressure from state Medicaid programs, labor cost inflation, 
and mounting competition from regional and tech-driven entrants.  These challenges have been 
compounded by regulatory changes that cut Medicaid funding and eligibility, as well as Medicare 
Advantage plan design changes reducing supplemental benefits, further pressuring revenues.  
Moreover, customer non-renewals, delays in customer contract repricing, increased volume under 
certain of its customer contracts, delays in patient approvals for certain services, surety collateral 
demands, and looming covenant breaches have left the Company with rapidly deteriorating 
liquidity, ultimately necessitating a comprehensive restructuring. 
13. 
Recognizing the urgency of the situation, in June 2025 the Company retained 
Latham to assist in evaluating strategic alternatives, as well as assist with particular matters related 
to the healthcare sector.  Latham, along with Moelis and FTI, quickly helped the Company evaluate 
a number of strategic alternatives, including out of court and sale transactions.  However, after 
serious consideration of all viable and theoretical options, it was determined that a substantial 
deleveraging and capital infusion was required to ensure that the Company’s capital structure, and 
its ability to continue providing solutions to its customers, remained stable and best positioned for 
the long-term.  Accordingly, the only viable, executable, and responsible near term option was an 
in-court restructuring through a pre-arranged chapter 11 with its existing first and second lien 
lenders.  The Company thus entered into the Restructuring.  
14. 
The Restructuring Support Agreement also provides the Company with a quick path 
to exit consistent with the milestones set forth below: 
Event 
Deadline 
Interim DIP Order 
3 days after the Petition Date 
Filing of Plan and Disclosure Statement 
15 days after the Petition Date 
Final DIP Order 
45 days after the Petition Date 
Disclosure Statement Order 
45 days after the Petition Date 
Confirmation Order 
90 days after the Petition Date 
Effective Date 
110 days after the Petition Date 
15. 
The Restructuring is the product of extensive arm’s-length negotiations among the 
Debtors and their key stakeholders and is the best available path for the Debtors to strengthen their 
Case 25-90309   Document 14   Filed in TXSB on 08/20/25   Page 6 of 225

=== page 7 ===
7 
 
business, while allowing business operations to continue without unnecessary disruption.  The 
commencement of the Chapter 11 Cases is a crucial step in the Company’s journey to right-size 
its capital structure and maintain customer confidence in its ability to continue providing crucial 
and innovating healthcare products.  With the support of their key stakeholders, the Debtors expect 
to emerge from chapter 11 on an expeditious timeframe, with a healthier balance sheet and the 
ability to continue serving their customers. 
16. 
On the date hereof (the “Petition Date”), ModivCare and its affiliates filed 
voluntary petitions in the United States Bankruptcy Court commencing cases for relief under 
Chapter 11 of title 11 of the United States Code. To minimize disruption to its operations and 
protect stakeholder value, ModivCare has filed motions and pleadings seeking various forms of 
“first day” relief (the “First Day Pleadings”).  I am familiar with the contents of each First Day 
Pleading and believe that the relief sought therein is critical to preserving ModivCare’s business, 
maintaining continuity of services for its members, stabilizing relationships with counterparties, 
and ensuring the success of these Chapter 11 Cases. The facts set forth in the First Day Pleadings 
are incorporated herein by reference. 
17. 
To familiarize the Court with ModivCare, its businesses, the circumstances leading 
to these chapter 11 cases, and the relief ModivCare is seeking in the First Day Pleadings, I have 
organized this declaration as follow: 
 
• Part I describes the Company’s business, its history, its current operations, and its 
organizational and capital structures.   
 
• Part II describes the events leading to the filing of the Chapter 11 Cases and the 
Debtors’ efforts to identify a viable strategic alternative.   
 
• Part III lists the First Day Pleadings and provides support for the relief requested 
therein. 
Case 25-90309   Document 14   Filed in TXSB on 08/20/25   Page 7 of 225

=== page 8 ===
8 
 
I. 
BACKGROUND 
A. History & Corporate Structure 
18. 
Founded in 1996 as The Providence Services Corporation, ModivCare concentrates 
on connecting people to their healthcare providers to improve outcomes and overall patient health.  
ModivCare became publicly traded in 2003 through an initial public offering and currently trades 
on the NASDAQ under the ticker MODV.  The Company has grown from a stand-alone non-
emergency medical transportation provider to a multi-faceted supportive care solutions provider.  
The Company has expanded organically and by acquiring several businesses, including:  
(a) Charter LCI Corporation, the parent company of LogistiCare, Inc. (which is now ModivCare 
Solutions, LLC) in 2007; (b) Matrix Medical Network (“Matrix”) in 2014 (which ModivCare later 
sold the majority interest to Frazier Healthcare Partners); (c) Circulation, Inc. in 2018; (d) National 
MedTrans, LLC in 2020; (e) OEP AM, Inc. (d/b/a Simplura Health Group) in 2020; (f) WellRyde 
in 2021; (g) Care Finders Total Care in 2021; (h) VRI Intermediate Holdings, LLC in 2021; and 
(i) Guardian Medical Monitoring in 2022. 
19. 
The Company’s headquarters are located in Denver, Colorado.  Today, the 
Company has operations throughout 48 states and the District of Columbia.  The Company has 
developed a complex corporate structure to support these operations.  The chart attached hereto as 
Exhibit B provides a detailed overview of the Debtors’ corporate structure.   
B. Current Business Operations 
20. 
ModivCare’s four Business Segments—NEMT, PCS, RPM, and Corporate—
provide patient-centric services to its customers.  These Business Segments roll up into centralized 
and standardized operations, which enable the Company to cultivate best practices and 
efficiencies.  Through these processes, the Company generally seeks to have a positive impact by 
closing certain health gaps and addressing the social determinants of health by serving those in 
need.  The Business Segments are designed to achieve these goals, improve access to care, and 
adapt to the ever changing healthcare industry, which must prepare for and react to anticipated 
shifts in the demographic dynamics of the United States, including an aging population with 
Case 25-90309   Document 14   Filed in TXSB on 08/20/25   Page 8 of 225

=== page 9 ===
9 
 
increased life expectancies (which is expected to increase general demand for healthcare services), 
an increasing prevalence in chronic illness (which require active and ongoing monitoring of patient 
health and data), an increasing demand for value-based versus fee-for-service care, and an 
increasing demand for in-home care. 4 
 
 
 
C. Business Segments 
21. 
NEMT.  Through NEMT, the Company provides non-emergency medical 
transportation to members of public and private insurance providers (the “Payors”), including the 
 
4  
A complete March 2025 Investor Presentation available at https://investors.modivcare.com/events-
presentations/default.aspx. 
Case 25-90309   Document 14   Filed in TXSB on 08/20/25   Page 9 of 225

=== page 10 ===
10 
 
state Medicaid and Medicare agencies, and managed care organizations (“MCOs”).  
The Company’s primary customers are typically Medicaid or Medicare eligible members whose 
limited mobility or financial resources impede their ability to access necessary healthcare and 
social services.  The Company applies its proprietary technology platform to a network of 
approximately 4,100 transportation resources, including on-demand transportation network 
companies, mass transit entities, mileage reimbursement programs, taxis. and county-based 
emergency service providers.  Through these partnerships, ModivCare has become one of the 
nation’s largest manager of non-emergency medical transportation for state governments and 
MCOs.  In 2024, the Company managed approximately 36.8 million trips for approximately 29.5 
million average monthly members. 
22. 
PCS.  Through PCS, the Company provides in-home personal care services to 
customers by placing non-medical personal care assistants, home health aides, and skilled nurses 
in the home setting.  The Company places these in-home resources with Medicaid patients in need 
of assistance, including senior citizens and disabled adults.  ModivCare’s PCS segment Payors 
include government agencies, MCOs, commercial insurers and private individuals.  In 2024, 
ModivCare had approximately 14,000 caregivers throughout seven states who provided 
approximately 28 million hours of patient care. 
23. 
RPM.  Through RPM, the Company provides in-home monitoring services to 
support patient self-management and care management operations.  The RPM business segment 
enables seniors, the chronically ill, and people with disabilities to maintain their long-term 
independence by avoiding moves to long-term care facilities and preventable emergency room 
visits and hospitalizations.  ModivCare provides a variety of services that leverage personal 
emergency response systems, monitoring devices, relationship-based care and data-driven patient 
engagement solutions.  In 2024, the Company served approximately 247,000 members of 
government insurance programs, members of healthcare provider organizations, and private 
individuals through RPM. 
Case 25-90309   Document 14   Filed in TXSB on 08/20/25   Page 10 of 225

=== page 11 ===
11 
 
24. 
Corporate. Through Corporate, the Company’s subsidiary, Higi Care LLC 
(“Higi”), provides data-driven personal health technologies through the placement of health 
monitoring systems at certain third-party brick and mortar stores, and community health 
monitoring services (under a management services organization “friendly PC” model).  Corporate 
also includes the Company’s revenue from its non-controlling interest in a joint venture that 
maintains a national network of community-based clinicians who provide in-home and on-location 
services.  Finally, Corporate includes the Company’s activities related to accounting, finance, 
internal audit and tax, and key corporate development functions. 
D. Expansion Efforts 
25. 
Over the last several years, and as illustrated in the chart below, ModivCare made 
substantial acquisitions to expand its services and offerings.  Those efforts were made in response 
to increased demand for the Company’s services before and during the Covid-19 pandemic.  With 
these investments, ModivCare is now the leader in the non-emergency medical transportation 
industry and continues to grow in other key healthcare segments. 
Date 
Segment 
Target  
Purpose 
May 2020 
NEMT 
National 
MedTrans, LLC 
• Added more than 5,000,000 annual trips on 
behalf of Medicaid agencies and MCOs 
November 2020 
PCS 
OEP AM, Inc. 
(d/b/a Simplura 
Health Group)  
• Formed the foundation of PCS operations 
May 2021 
NEMT 
WellRyde 
• Increased technology platform for use in 
NEMT 
September 2021 
PCS 
Care Finders Total 
Care 
• Expanded PCS 
September 2021 
RPM 
VRI Intermediate 
Holdings, LLC 
• Formed the foundation of RPM operations 
May 2022 
RPM 
Guardian Medical 
Monitoring  
• Expanded RPM 
 
26. 
Since 2022, ModivCare and its management team has proactively reshaped its 
operations and governance to meet evolving market demands, including:  (a) establishing a new 
$325 million senior secured revolving credit facility in early 2022 to strengthen liquidity and 
Case 25-90309   Document 14   Filed in TXSB on 08/20/25   Page 11 of 225

=== page 12 ===
12 
 
financial flexibility; (b) centrally consolidating and digitizing core platforms across NEMT, PCS, 
and RPM to boost operational efficiency and scale cost-savings; (c) launching targeted cost-control 
and restructuring initiatives that reduced expenses and streamlined operations; and (d) refreshing 
governance and leadership by appointing new independent board members and transitioning senior 
executives to drive modernization and transformation.  The Company is also in the process of 
exploring artificial intelligence and automation to optimize its businesses, but these efforts have 
been delayed by imminent liquidity shortfalls, debt maturities, and looming covenant defaults. 
Case 25-90309   Document 14   Filed in TXSB on 08/20/25   Page 12 of 225

=== page 13 ===
13 
 
E. Revenue Breakdown 
27. 
The Company’s revenue streams are primarily driven by the NEMT segment and 
complemented by the PCS, RPM, and Corporate segments, as shown below5: 
Segment 
Year Ended 
December 31, 20236 
Year Ended 
December 31, 2024 
Quarter Ended 
March 31, 2025 
NEMT 
$1,951,447 
$1,957,275 
$449,007 
PCS 
$715,615 
$745,299 
$181,787 
RPM 
$77,941 
$77,739 
$18,125 
Corporate and Other 
$6,167 
$7,273 
$1,735 
Consolidated 
ModivCare 
$2,751,170 
$2,787,586  
$650,654 
F. Employee Workforce 
28. 
The Debtors employ approximately 20,160 employees in the United States.  To 
supplement the services performed and duties executed by the employees, the Debtors currently 
have approximately 1,620 engagements with contract workers and temporary staff.  Contracted 
labor, who complete discrete projects and fulfill duties similar to the job functions of employees, 
are a critical and cost-effective supplement to the employees.  Certain members of the workforce 
employed by Debtor All Metro Aids, Inc. are represented by United Healthcare Workers East and 
are party to a collective bargaining agreement. 
G. Governance & Management 
29. 
ModivCare is governed by its board of directors (the “Board”).  On June 17, 2025, 
ModivCare held its annual meeting of shareholders, during which the Board was elected for a one-
year term.  The current Board consists of the seven directors listed below: 
 
5  
Figures are in thousands and based on ModivCare’s public filings for the relevant periods. 
6  
Excludes $5,037k of grant income for the year ended December 31, 2023.  
Case 25-90309   Document 14   Filed in TXSB on 08/20/25   Page 13 of 225

=== page 14 ===
14 
 
 
Name 
Position 
Todd J. Carter 
Director 
Alec Cunnigham 
Director 
David Mounts Gonzalez 
Director 
Leslie V. Norwalk 
Director, Chairperson of the Board 
Erin L. Russell 
Director 
L. Heath Sampson 
Director and CEO 
Daniel B. Silvers 
Director 
30. 
In connection with the terms of the Fifth Amendment (as defined and described 
below), the Company was required by the terms of its debt documents to appoint three independent 
directors from a list of directors provided by the First Lien Lenders.  The final of these new 
independent directors was seated on April 24, 2025.  The candidate list was highly negotiated with 
the Debtors and each independent director candidate had to have requisite expertise (including 
serving on public companies and within the healthcare industry) and independence.  The Board 
also established a committee comprised of three directors to oversee sales and marketing processes 
for the PCS and RPM segments (the “Strategic Alternatives Committee”).7  Since April 2025, the 
members of the Strategic Alternatives Committee have been Alec Cunningham, Erin L. Russell 
(Chairperson), and Daniel B. Silvers.   
31. 
In addition, on June 20, 2025, the Board established a special committee of the 
Board (the “Capital Structure Committee”) to investigate, review, evaluate, analyze, negotiate, 
and make recommendations to the Board to approve or reject, any changes to the Company’s 
capital structure including all restructuring matters.  The members of the Capital Structure 
Committee are Todd J. Carter, Alec Cunningham, David Mounts Gonzales, Erin L. Russell, and 
Daniel B. Silvers (Chairperson).  In the lead up to the Chapter 11 Cases, each of the Strategic 
Alternatives Committee and the Capital Structure Committee met at least weekly and have been 
coordinating amongst each other to discuss the various issues facing the Company and to explore 
 
7 
See Form 8-K for ModivCare Inc., dated April 24, 2025. 
Case 25-90309   Document 14   Filed in TXSB on 08/20/25   Page 14 of 225

=== page 15 ===
15 
 
all available options, including out-of-court options, sale, processes, and in-court processes, for 
the Company to address its financial challenges and maximize value.   
32. 
The Board also has three other committees:  (a) a committee to oversee 
management’s conduct of the Company’s financial reporting process (the “Audit Committee”); 
(b) a committee to assist the Board in discharging its responsibilities relating to executive 
compensation (the “Compensation Committee”); and (c) a committee to establish criteria for 
selecting new directors, to recommend a slate of nominees for election at the annual shareholder 
meeting, and to oversee healthcare compliance (the “Nominating and Governance Committee”).  
All directors, regardless of whether such director is a member of a committee of the Board, are 
invited to attend meetings of the various committees of the Board.  
H. Capital Structure 
33. 
The Debtors have both secured and unsecured funded debt claims.  A summary of 
the approximate outstanding principal amounts of the Debtors’ funded debt obligations as of the 
Petition Date is set forth below. 
Facility  
Outstanding 
Principal Balance 
Maturity 
Rate 
Incremental Term Loan 
$78.8 million 
January 10, 2026 
SOFR + 7.50% 
First Lien Revolving Credit 
Facility 
$270.7 million 
February 3, 2027  
SOFR + 4.25% 
First Lien Term Loan B 
$522.2 million 
July 1, 2031 
SOFR + 4.75% 
Second Lien Notes 
$316.2 million 
October 1, 2029 
5.0% Cash (10% 
PIK Toggle) 
Total Secured Debt 
$1,187.9 million 
 
 
Unsecured Notes 
$228.8 million 
October 1, 2029 
5.0% 
Total Funded Debt 
$1,416.7 million 
 
 
i. 
First Lien Facility  
34. 
ModivCare is party to that certain Credit Agreement, dated as of February 3, 2022 
(as amended by (a) the Amendment No. 1 to Credit Agreement, dated as of June 26, 2023, (b) the 
Amendment No. 2 to Credit Agreement, dated as of February 22, 2024, (c), the Amendment No. 3 
to Credit Agreement, dated as of July 1, 2024, (d) the Amendment No. 4 to the Credit Agreement, 
Case 25-90309   Document 14   Filed in TXSB on 08/20/25   Page 15 of 225

=== page 16 ===
16 
 
dated as of September 30, 2024, and (e) the Amendment No. 5 to Credit Agreement, dated as of 
January 9, 2025 (the “Fifth Amendment”), and as further amended, restated, amended and 
restated, supplemented or otherwise modified from time to time prior to the Petition Date, the 
“First Lien Credit Agreement”), with, among other parties, JPMorgan Chase Bank, N.A., as 
administrative agent (including any successor thereto,8 the “First Lien Agent”), Wells Fargo and 
the other lenders party thereto (collectively, the “First Lien Lenders”), and certain subsidiaries of 
ModivCare from time to time party thereto as guarantors.  The First Lien Credit Agreement is 
secured by a first priority lien on substantially all of the property and assets of ModivCare and its 
guarantor subsidiaries.   
35. 
As of the Petition Date, the Company has approximately $871.7 million 
outstanding under the First Lien Credit Agreement, comprising (a) $270.7 million in unpaid 
principal amount of revolving loans, plus accrued and unpaid interest, fees, costs (the “First Lien 
RCF Facility”), (b) $522.2 million in unpaid principal amount of term loans, plus accrued and 
unpaid interest, fees, costs, and expenses due July 2031 (the “First Lien Term Loans”), and (c) 
$78.8 million in unpaid principal amount of term loans, plus accrued and unpaid interest, fees, 
costs, and expenses due January 2026 (the “First Lien Incremental” and together with the First 
Lien RCF Facility, and the First Lien Term Loans, the “First Lien Facility”).  The First Lien 
Incremental was provided to the Company pursuant to the Fifth Amendment. 
ii. 
Second Lien Notes  
36. 
As described more fully in paragraph (iii) below, ModivCare is party to an 
Unsecured Notes Indenture (as defined below).  Pursuant to the Fifth Amendment, ModivCare 
entered into an exchange agreement (the “Exchange Agreement”), dated January 9, 2025. As 
required by the Exchange Agreement, certain of the Unsecured Notes (as defined below) were 
exchanged pursuant to certain Second Lien Senior Secured PIK Toggle Notes due October 1, 2029 
(the “Second Lien Notes”), issued by ModivCare and pursuant to that certain Second Lien Senior 
 
8  
JPMorgan Chase Bank, N.A. has provided notice of intention to resign as First Lien Agent and will be replaced 
by Wilmington Trust National Association. 
Case 25-90309   Document 14   Filed in TXSB on 08/20/25   Page 16 of 225

=== page 17 ===
17 
 
Secured PIK Toggle Notes Indenture, dated as of March 7, 2025 (as amended, restated, amended 
and restated, supplemented or otherwise modified from time to time prior to the Petition Date, the 
“Second Lien Notes Indenture”), by and between ModivCare, as issuer, Ankura Trust Company, 
LLC, as trustee and notes collateral agent, the subsidiaries of ModivCare from time to time party 
thereto as guarantors, and holders of Second Lien Notes (the “Second Lien Noteholders”).  The 
Second Lien Notes are secured by a second priority lien substantially all of the property and assets 
of ModivCare and its guarantor subsidiaries.  As of the Petition Date, the principal amount under 
the Second Lien Notes is approximately $316.2 million. 
iii. 
Unsecured Notes  
37. 
ModivCare is the issuer of certain 5.000% Senior Unsecured Notes due October 1, 
2029 (the “Unsecured Notes”) issued pursuant to that certain Senior Notes Indenture, dated 
August 24, 2021 (as amended prior to the date hereof, the “Unsecured Notes Indenture”), by and 
between ModivCare, as issuer, and Wilmington Saving Fund Society, FSB (as successor to The 
Bank of New York Mellon Trust Company, N.A.) as trustee, and the subsidiaries of ModivCare 
from time to time party thereto as guarantors.  In connection with the Exchange Agreement, the 
requisite holders of Unsecured Notes entered into that certain Fifth Supplemental Indenture, dated 
as of March 7, 2025, which, among other things, released all the guarantors of their guarantees 
under the Unsecured Notes Indenture.  Accordingly, the Unsecured Notes are only an obligation 
of ModivCare, as issuer under the Unsecured Notes Indenture.  The remaining balance of these 
Unsecured Notes are those that were not exchanged pursuant to the Exchange Agreement.  As of 
the Petition Date, the principal amount under the Unsecured Notes is approximately $228.8 
million.  
I. Other Non-Funded Debtor Obligations 
i. 
Trade Claims 
38. 
In the ordinary course of business, the Debtors utilize certain vendors and service 
providers (the “Trade Creditors”).  As of the Petition Date, the Debtors estimate that the aggregate 
amount of trade claims outstanding is approximately $123.9 million, the majority of which is owed 
Case 25-90309   Document 14   Filed in TXSB on 08/20/25   Page 17 of 225

=== page 18 ===
18 
 
to transportation providers.   These transportation providers, and certain other Trade Creditors, are 
a vital part of the Company’s ability to continue providing much needed services to the Debtors’ 
customers and patients.  Any interruption, even briefly, in the flow of goods and services from 
such creditors would have an immediate and adverse impact on the Debtors’ ability to continue 
operating in the ordinary course.  Accordingly, as noted below, the Debtors’ filed the Critical 
Vendor Motion to ensure that the Debtors can pay prepetition amounts owed to those Trade 
Creditors who are critical to the Debtors’ business.9   
ii. 
Other General Unsecured Claims 
39. 
As of the Petition Date, the Debtors anticipate approximately $25 million on 
account of claims against the Debtors (other than the Unsecured Notes, intercompany claims and 
claims of Trade Creditors described herein) as of the Petition Date that are neither secured by 
collateral nor entitled to priority under the Bankruptcy Code. 
II. 
KEY EVENTS LEADING TO COMMENCEMENT OF CHAPTER 11 CASES 
40. 
The need to commence these Chapter 11 Cases was a result of a number of factors, 
including an unsustainable capital structure, rapidly deteriorating liquidity, negative industry 
trends, and customer de-risking by reducing exposure with ModivCare.  In an attempt to preserve 
and maximize value, ModivCare and its management team have been, and continue to seek to, 
implementing turnaround initiatives to assure that the Company is operating at an optimal level 
despite the challenging capital structure. 
A. Financial Challenges  
41. 
The Debtors’ financial challenges date back to prior to the Fifth Amendment.  As 
of the twelve-month period ending March 2025, the Company’s funded debt is approximately $1.4 
billion and adjusted EBITDA is $162 million.  The Debtors’ current balance sheet has had a 
corresponding negative and restrictive impact on the Debtors’ liquidity and growth prospects.  
 
9 
“Critical Vendor Motion” means that certain Emergency Motion of Debtors for Entry of Interim and Final Orders 
(A) Authorizing Payment of Prepetition Trade Claims in the Ordinary Course of Business and (B) Granting 
Related Relief, filed concurrently herewith. 
Case 25-90309   Document 14   Filed in TXSB on 08/20/25   Page 18 of 225

=== page 19 ===
19 
 
The Debtors’ unhedged annual cash interest expense for fiscal year 2025 under the prepetition 
capital structure would be in excess of $100 million10 at current interest rates.   
B. Persistent Negative Industry Trends 
42. 
The non-emergency medical transportation and personal care services industries 
have faced persistent headwinds over the past several years.  Demographic shifts, evolving 
government reimbursement models, and tightening regulatory oversight have created sustained 
pressures on both cost structures and margins.  In particular, state Medicaid programs and MCOs—
the Company’s primary customers—have steadily increased their focus on cost containment, 
frequently driving reimbursement rates downward while simultaneously raising service quality 
expectations.  At the same time, the broader healthcare services sector has experienced significant 
wage inflation, particularly for caregivers and transportation providers, as labor shortages and 
competition for skilled workers have intensified. 
43. 
Further compounding these challenges, companies like ModivCare must navigate 
heightened insurance premiums and dynamic reimbursement and regulatory requirements tied to 
evolving federal and state regulatory frameworks.  In addition, the industry has seen mounting 
competitive pressures from smaller, more nimble regional operators and technology-driven 
entrants seeking to capture market share through lower-cost models, but without the same 
geographic range and scale.  The net effect has been a highly competitive pricing environment in 
which customers prioritize cost savings, while providers struggle to absorb rising operating 
expenses. 
44. 
Historically, ModivCare has sought to address these industry headwinds through 
investment in technology, strategic acquisitions, and efforts to achieve economies of scale and 
operational efficiencies.  However, the Company’s ability to fully mitigate the impact of these 
structural industry changes has been constrained by its capital structure and liquidity profile.  
As a result, persistent adverse industry dynamics, combined with escalating operating costs and 
 
10  Assumes all cash interest and no PIK is elected. 
Case 25-90309   Document 14   Filed in TXSB on 08/20/25   Page 19 of 225

=== page 20 ===
20 
 
pricing pressures, have materially impacted ModivCare’s revenues, margins, and financial 
flexibility. 
C. Changes in the Regulatory Landscape 
45. 
In addition to the aforementioned challenges, the Debtors’ are also responding to 
certain regulatory challenges.  The Debtors’ significant customers are anticipating or have already 
begun implementing various state budget cuts, largely arising from:  (a) the One Big Beautiful Bill 
Act (the “BBB”), which marks a sizeable regulatory change in the healthcare industry and imposes 
significant reductions in the funding of and services covered by the Medicaid program, as well as 
the number of persons enrolled in Medicaid; and (b) the Budget Control Act of 2011 (the “BCA”) 
and American Rescue Plan Act of 2021 (the “ARPA” and, together with the BBB and BCA, the 
“Acts”), which have resulted or will result in additional Medicare payment reductions, and thus a 
reduction in supplemental benefits (including NEMT services) offered by Medicare Advantage 
plans.11  Because many, if not all, of the Debtors’ most significant customers are implementing, 
and/or considering the implementation of, budget cuts in response to the Acts, the Debtors 
anticipate adverse effects on their businesses and revenues in 2026.  
46. 
Further, it is difficult to predict whether, when or what other deficit reduction 
initiatives may be proposed by Congress.  The Company anticipates that the federal budget deficit 
will continue to place pressures on government healthcare programs and impose additional 
spending reductions.  These pressures have increased uncertainty in the healthcare industry, and 
this uncertainty has affected government agencies, companies operating in the industry (including 
the Debtors), and patients. 
D. Emergency Funding and the Fifth Amendment   
47. 
The growth of ModivCare’s services through the acquisitions has required 
substantial investment of capital, and the service of debt associated with the acquisitions has placed 
substantial stress on the Debtors.  Recognizing the potential risks relating to the Company’s 
 
11  The ARPA was to take effect in January 2022.  However, Congress delayed implementation of the reduction until 
2025 and has yet to take action related to the ARPA payment reduction for 2025 or 2026. 
Case 25-90309   Document 14   Filed in TXSB on 08/20/25   Page 20 of 225

=== page 21 ===
21 
 
indebtedness, the Company began the process of evaluating strategic alternatives in the second-
half of 2024.  The Company hired FTI and Moelis to assist with this process and to help rationalize 
its business, reduce discretionary capital expenditures, and preserve liquidity.  The Company also 
sought to raise funds in the public markets, including from its existing lenders, to provide 
additional liquidity and address leverage concerns.   
48. 
Ultimately, in January 2025, the Company undertook a series of capital structure 
initiatives designed to bolster liquidity and stabilize operations.  These initiatives included entering 
into the Fifth Amendment, which infused $75 million of new liquidity into the Company.  In March 
2025, the Company consummated two transactions pursuant to which it issued $30 million of new 
Second Lien Notes and exchanged approximately $271 million of existing Unsecured Notes for 
additional Second Lien Notes.  Together, these transactions raised over $105 million in new 
financing and facilitated broad-based support across the Company’s capital structure.  Absent the 
Fifth Amendment and Second Lien Notes and their incremental critical liquidity, the Company 
may have been forced to commence these Chapter 11 Cases at that time.  In exchange, the First 
Lien Lenders limited certain  baskets and imposed certain covenants on the Debtors.  
E. Rapidly Deteriorating Liquidity  
49. 
While the aforementioned actions provided important near-term liquidity, they 
ultimately proved insufficient to overcome persistent industry headwinds and the Company’s 
overall leverage profile.  During the first half of 2025, and through July of 2025, the Company has 
continued to experience operational challenges, including non-renewals from certain key 
customers, delays in key customer repricing, increased volume of per-member rides under 
shared- risk contracts12, and the Debtors’ failure to transition to fee-for-service contracts.  These 
developments further intensified the Company’s already difficult situation and raised broader 
concerns about its ability to maintain and grow its commercial relationships.  The Company also 
 
12  A majority of the Company’s contracts are on a capitated risk-sharing model under which payment is not based 
on services provided, but is generally paid on a per member per month basis. An increase in rides requested per 
enrolled member impacts the liquidity of the Company and puts added operational and resource strain on available 
drivers within a given geographic network.   
Case 25-90309   Document 14   Filed in TXSB on 08/20/25   Page 21 of 225

=== page 22 ===
22 
 
recognized the legitimate risk that additional customers—many of whom have contracts 
terminable for convenience—could choose to disengage.  As a result, customer derisking and 
stabilization became a central focus for the Company and its stakeholders. 
50. 
The Company’s precarious financial condition also heightened concerns with its 
surety providers.  Historically, certain sureties have required some level of collateral, typically a 
letter of credit, to support performance obligations and could demand additional collateral in light 
of the Company’s deteriorating financial position.  Any additional demands would further strain 
liquidity, which has been the case in 2025.  In January 2025, the Company had no posted collateral.  
As of June 30, 2025, however, with no ability to provide further letters of credit, the Company has 
posted $38.3 million of cash collateral relating to $76.5 million outstanding surety bonds.  The 
Company had no choice but to meet the demands for collateral because if the Company were 
unable to satisfy these collateral requirements, it could be deemed in breach of certain customer 
contracts, potentially leading to contract terminations and a downward spiral that would further 
destabilize the business.   
51. 
In addition to these ongoing operational issues, the Company recognized that it 
would be unable to satisfy certain financial conditions and covenants under the First Lien Credit 
Agreement, especially if the Company were to repay the Incremental Facility upon its maturity in 
January 2026.  Given these mounting pressures, the Company refocused on potential strategic 
alternatives, including a potential third-party equity investment, an out-of-court restructuring, and 
an in-court restructuring process. 
F. Negotiation of the Restructuring  
52. 
In the months leading up to the Petition Date, the Debtors and their advisors 
engaged in a thorough and good-faith process to evaluate and pursue a range of strategic 
alternatives.  These efforts included incremental amendments, potential equity infusions, junior 
capital solutions, and targeted asset sales, alongside extensive negotiations with key creditor 
constituencies.  Although the Debtors explored each of these paths with diligence, none proved 
actionable on the required timeline or adequate to address the Company’s capital structure and 
Case 25-90309   Document 14   Filed in TXSB on 08/20/25   Page 22 of 225

=== page 23 ===
23 
 
liquidity challenges.  The Debtors ultimately determined that a comprehensive, court-supervised 
restructuring represented the best and only viable path forward. 
53. 
While the Debtors had hoped the Fifth Amendment and incremental Second Lien 
Notes would give them the liquidity and time to holistically address, they ultimately determined 
that commencing the Chapter 11 Cases was necessary to implement a comprehensive deleveraging 
and strengthen their financial position.  In evaluating their options, the Debtors also considered 
whether incremental amendments, extensions, or covenant relief could provide a bridge solution, 
but these measures proved inadequate to resolve the Company’s structural balance sheet 
challenges.  Accordingly, the Debtors initiated these cases to effectuate a restructuring that will:  
(a) reduce funded debt (including accrued but unpaid interest) by approximately $1.1 billion, (b) 
lower annual cash interest expense in light of the reduced funded debt; and (c) enable the Company 
to continue operating with a substantially improved balance sheet and liquidity profile. 
54. 
In early July 2025, the Debtors executed non-disclosure agreements with a group 
of First Lien Lenders and Second Lien Noteholders that ultimately became the Consenting 
Creditors to explore strategic alternatives.  As an initial step, the Debtors sought to elicit a proposal 
that would provide additional liquidity to address near-term maturities and covenant pressure, but 
those efforts did not yield a viable solution given the lenders lack of interest in providing out-of-
court financing so soon after the Incremental Facility.  The Debtors also analyzed a potential out-
of-court junior investment, which was presented by the Debtors and their advisors, together with 
certain members of the Board, to the lenders and their advisors.  None of these proposals gained 
traction.  Following these efforts, the Debtors and their advisors commenced protracted, arm’s-
length negotiations with the Consenting Creditors regarding a comprehensive restructuring 
transaction.   
55. 
At the same time, the Debtors pursued other strategic options, including potential 
equity investments and sales of PCS and RPM.  In the weeks leading up to the Petition Date, the 
Debtors executed non-disclosure agreements with two existing equity holders expressing interest 
in a potential investment and with over 15 potential strategic and financial bidders who expressed 
Case 25-90309   Document 14   Filed in TXSB on 08/20/25   Page 23 of 225

=== page 24 ===
24 
 
interest in acquiring PCS and RPM from the Debtors.  The Debtors carefully evaluated these 
alternatives with their advisors but concluded that neither the existing equity holders nor the 
contemplated asset sales proposed actionable transactions to address the Company’s liquidity and 
debt burdens. 
56. 
After weeks of negotiations with the Consenting Creditors and discussions with 
potential equity investors and potential bidders, the Debtors, with the assistance of the Advisors, 
determined that the proposed Restructuring with the Consenting Creditors was the only actionable 
option and the best path forward.  The process involved weeks of intense, arm’s-length 
negotiations, including the exchange of multiple iterations of term sheets addressing both the 
Restructuring and the DIP Financing.  Having exhausted other strategic alternatives, these 
negotiations culminated in the agreement now before the Court, which the Debtors believe 
provides the most viable path to maximize value and ensure the Company’s long-term stability. 
G. Restructuring Support Agreement  
57. 
On August 20, 2025, following extensive, good faith, arms’ length negotiations, the 
Debtors entered into the Restructuring Support Agreement with the Consenting Creditors.13  
Pursuant to the Restructuring Support Agreement, the Consenting Creditors agreed to support the 
Restructuring by, among other things:   
• 
providing $100 million in DIP financing to fund these Chapter 11 Cases and 
agreeing to roll such claims into an Exit Term Loan Facility;  
• 
agreeing to exchange First Lien Claims for up to $200 million of an Exit Term Loan 
Facility and 98% of the pro forma equity of the Company, subject to dilution14; 
• 
agreeing to exchange Second Lien Claims for 2% of the pro forma equity of the 
Company, subject to dilution; 
• 
providing the opportunity for certain holders of claims to participate in an equity 
rights offering of up to $200 million; and 
 
13  The Restructuring Support Agreement is attached hereto as Exhibit A. 
14  Subject to dilution by the DIP Backstop Premium, Equity Rights Offering, Series A Warrants, Series B Warrants, 
Series C Warrants, and the MIP.  
Case 25-90309   Document 14   Filed in TXSB on 08/20/25   Page 24 of 225

=== page 25 ===
25 
 
• 
permitting the Reorganized Debtors to enter into a $250 million Exit Revolver 
Credit Agreement, which provides for a $150 million LC sublimit.15  
58. 
Upon consummation, the Restructuring will affect a significant deleveraging of the 
Debtors’ capital structure by reducing the Company’s total funded debt (including accrued but 
unpaid interest) by at least $1.1 billion.  
III. 
FACTS SUPPORTING RELIEF SOUGHT IN FIRST DAY PLEADINGS 
59. 
In furtherance of their objective of preserving value for all stakeholders, the Debtors 
have filed the following First Day Pleadings and related orders (the “Proposed Orders”) 
contemporaneously herewith, and have therein requested that the Court consider entering the 
Proposed Orders granting the relief sought in First Day Pleadings.  The facts set forth in each of 
the First Day Pleadings are incorporated herein in their entirety.  The First Day Pleadings include: 
A. Administrative and Procedural Pleadings 
i. 
Emergency Motion of Debtors for Entry of an Order Directing Joint Administration 
of Chapter 11 Cases 
ii. 
Emergency Motion of Debtors for Entry of an Order (A) Authorizing the Debtors 
to (I) File a Consolidated Creditor Matrix, and (II) to Redact Certain Personally 
Identifiable Information; (B) Waiving the Requirement to File a List of Equity 
Security Holders; (C) Authorizing Service of Parties in Interest by Electronic Mail; 
(D) Approving the Form and Manner of Notifying Creditors of the Commencement 
of the Chapter 11 Cases; and (E) Granting Related Relief 
iii. 
Debtors’ Emergency Ex Parte Application for Entry of an Order Authorizing the 
Employment and Retention of Kurtzman Carson Consultants, LLC dba Verita 
Global as Claims, Noticing, and Solicitation Agent 
iv. 
Emergency Motion of Debtors for Entry of an Order (A) Establishing Notification 
Procedures and Approving Restrictions on (I) Certain Transfers of Interests in the 
Debtors, and (II) Claims of Certain Worthless Stock Deductions; and (B) Granting 
Related Relief 
v. 
Notice of Designation as Complex Bankruptcy Case 
vi. 
Notice of Emergency Virtual Hearing on First Day Motions 
 
15  The Consenting Creditors are not committing to provide this facility, however, the entry into the Exit Revolver 
Credit Agreement is permitted under the Restructuring Support Agreement and the Debtors intend to seek 
financing sources for such facility during the Chapter 11 Cases. 
Case 25-90309   Document 14   Filed in TXSB on 08/20/25   Page 25 of 225

=== page 26 ===
26 
 
vii. 
Emergency Motion of Debtors for Entry of an Order (A) Extending the Time to File 
Schedules and Statements and 2015.3 Reports; (B) Modifying the Requirements of 
Bankruptcy Local Rule 2015-3; and (C) Granting Related Relief 
B. Business Operations Motions 
i. 
Emergency Motion of Debtors for Entry of Interim and Final Orders 
(A) Authorizing Debtors to (I) Continue Existing Cash Management System, 
(II) Maintain Existing Business Forms, and (III) Continue Intercompany 
Transactions; and (B) Granting Related Relief  
ii. 
Emergency Motion of Debtors for Entry of Interim and Final Orders (A) 
Authorizing Payment of Prepetition Trade Claims in the Ordinary Course of 
Business and (B) Granting Related Relief  
iii. 
Emergency Motion of Debtors for Entry of an Order (A) Authorizing Debtors to (I) 
Honor their Prepetition Obligations to Customers, and (II) Continue their 
Customer Programs; and (B) Granting Related Relief 
iv. 
Emergency Motion of Debtors for Entry of an Order (A) Authorizing Debtors to (I) 
Continue Insurance Programs, and (II) Pay All Obligations with Respect Thereto; 
(B) Modifying Automatic Stay to Permit Employees to Proceed with Workers’ 
Compensation Claims; (C) Modifying Automatic Stay to Permit Insurers to 
Advance and/or Reimburse Defense Costs and Fees under Policies; and (D) 
Granting Related Relief  
v. 
Emergency Motion of Debtors for Entry of an Order (A) Authorizing Debtors to (I) 
Pay Prepetition Wages, Salaries, Employee Benefits, and Other Compensation, and 
(II) Maintain Employee Benefits Programs and Pay Related Obligations; and (B) 
Granting Related Relief 
vi. 
Emergency Motion of Debtors for Entry of an Order (A) Authorizing Debtors to 
Pay Certain Prepetition Taxes and Fees, and (II) Granting Related Relief 
vii. 
Emergency Motion of Debtors for Entry of an Order (A) Approving Debtors’ 
Proposed Form of Adequate Assurance of Payment to Utility Providers, (B) 
Establishing Procedures for Resolving Objections by Utility Providers, (C) 
Prohibiting Utility Providers from Altering, Refusing, or Discontinuing Service, 
and (D) Granting Related Relief 
viii. 
Emergency Motion of Debtors for Entry of an Order (A) Establishing Bar Dates 
and Related Procedures for Filing Proofs of Claim, (B) Approving the Form and 
Manner of Notice Thereof, and (C) Granting Related Relief 
C. Other Motions 
60. 
Together, the Restructuring Support Agreement and the transactions and 
agreements contemplated under the foregoing will accomplish a substantial restructuring of the 
Case 25-90309   Document 14   Filed in TXSB on 08/20/25   Page 26 of 225

=== page 27 ===
27 
 
Debtors’ balance sheet.  As a result of the diligent negotiations and hard work by the various 
constituents, including the Debtors, the Consenting Creditors, and the advisors to each, the Debtors 
have preserved the going concern value of the business, maximized creditor and stakeholder 
recovery, and minimized disruption to the day-to-day operations.  Accordingly, the expedited 
Chapter 11 Cases will best position the Debtors for future success while providing the most value 
for the Debtors’ estates and stakeholders. 
61. 
I have reviewed each of the First Day Pleadings, Proposed Orders, and exhibits 
thereto, or have otherwise had their contents explained to me, and the facts set forth therein are 
true and correct to the best of my knowledge, information, and belief.  Moreover, I believe that the 
relief sought in each of the First Day Pleadings is vital to enabling the Debtors to make the 
transition to, and operate in, chapter 11 with minimal employee attrition and disruption to their 
businesses, and without loss of productivity or value.  I further believe that the relief sought in 
each of the First Day Pleadings constitutes a critical element in the Debtors’ ability to successfully 
maximize value for the benefit of their estates and represents a prudent exercise of the Debtors’ 
business judgement. 
D. DIP Motion 
62. 
In parallel with the restructuring transaction negotiations, and as further detailed in 
the Emergency Motion of Debtors for Entry of Interim and Final Orders (A) Authorizing Debtors’ 
to (I) Obtain Senior Secured Priming Superpriority Postpetition Financing and (II) Use Cash 
Collateral, (B) Granting Liens and Providing Claims with Superpriority Administrative Expense 
Status, (C) Granting Adequate Protection to the Prepetition Secured Parties, (D) Modifying the 
Automatic Stay, (E) Scheduling a Final Hearing and (F) Granting Related Relief  (the “DIP 
Motion”), filed contemporaneously herewith, the Debtors engaged in good faith, arm’s-length 
negotiations with the Required Consenting Term Lenders regarding the DIP Facilities and the 
consensual use of the Cash Collateral.   
63. 
Pursuant to the relief requested in the DIP Motion and proposed orders, the Debtors 
will use the proceeds of the DIP Facility and Cash Collateral to fund operating expenses associated 
Case 25-90309   Document 14   Filed in TXSB on 08/20/25   Page 27 of 225

=== page 28 ===
28 
 
with the Debtors’ businesses and the administrative expenses of the Chapter 11 Cases, consistent 
with an agreed Approved DIP Budget.  In return, the Debtors have agreed to provide the Prepetition 
Secured Parties with a typical adequate protection package that includes liens and superpriority 
claims against the Debtors, payment of professional fees, expenses, and certain reporting and 
budgeting obligations.  This will, in turn, maximize value for all of the Debtors’ stakeholders. 
64. 
The Debtors’ access to the DIP Facilities and Cash Collateral during the Chapter 
11 Cases is critical to achieving a successful restructuring.  To continue to operate their businesses 
in the ordinary course, the Debtors require access to cash to fund ordinary course operations, 
payroll obligations, and other costs.  Without access to the DIP Facilities and Cash Collateral, the 
Debtors would be unable to fund ongoing operations even for the short projected duration of the 
Chapter 11 Cases.  Thus, the Debtors require immediate access to the DIP Facilities and Cash 
Collateral pursuant to relief requested in the DIP Motion to ensure that they have sufficient 
liquidity to operate their business and pursue a restructuring transaction. 
IV. 
CONCLUSION 
65. 
The above describes the Debtors’ business and capital structure, the factors that 
precipitated the commencement of the Chapter 11 Cases, and the critical need for the Debtors to 
obtain the relief set forth in the First Day Pleadings.  The provisions of the Bankruptcy Code will 
assist the Debtors in achieving their financial reorganization and reestablishing themselves as a 
healthy economic enterprise able to effectively compete in their industry for the benefit of their 
economic stakeholders and employees. 
[REMAINDER OF PAGE INTENTIONALLY LEFT BLANK]
Case 25-90309   Document 14   Filed in TXSB on 08/20/25   Page 28 of 225

=== page 29 ===
 
 
Pursuant to 28 U.S.C. § 1746, I declare under penalty of perjury that the foregoing is true 
and correct. 
Dated: August 20, 2025  
 
New York, New York 
/s/ Chad J. Shandler 
 
Name: Chad J. Shandler 
Title:  Chief Transformation Officer
Case 25-90309   Document 14   Filed in TXSB on 08/20/25   Page 29 of 225

=== page 30 ===
 
 
CERTIFICATE OF SERVICE 
 
I certify that on August 20, 2025, a true and correct copy of the foregoing document was 
served by the Electronic Case Filing System for the United States Bankruptcy Court for the 
Southern District of Texas on those parties registered to receive electronic notices. 
 
/s/ Timothy A. (“Tad”) Davidson II  
Timothy A. (“Tad”) Davidson II
Case 25-90309   Document 14   Filed in TXSB on 08/20/25   Page 30 of 225

=== page 31 ===
 
 
Exhibit A 
Restructuring Support Agreement 
Case 25-90309   Document 14   Filed in TXSB on 08/20/25   Page 31 of 225

=== page 32 ===
Execution Version 
THIS RESTRUCTURING SUPPORT AGREEMENT IS NOT AN OFFER OR 
ACCEPTANCE WITH RESPECT TO ANY SECURITIES OR A SOLICITATION OF 
ACCEPTANCES OF A CHAPTER 11 PLAN WITHIN THE MEANING OF SECTIONS 
1125 AND 1126 OF THE BANKRUPTCY CODE. ANY SUCH OFFER OR 
SOLICITATION WILL COMPLY WITH ALL APPLICABLE SECURITIES LAWS 
AND/OR PROVISIONS OF THE BANKRUPTCY CODE. NOTHING CONTAINED IN 
THIS RESTRUCTURING SUPPORT AGREEMENT SHALL BE AN ADMISSION OF 
FACT OR LIABILITY OR, UNTIL THE OCCURRENCE OF THE SUPPORT 
EFFECTIVE DATE ON THE TERMS DESCRIBED IN THIS AGREEMENT, DEEMED 
BINDING ON ANY OF THE PARTIES TO THIS AGREEMENT. 
THIS RESTRUCTURING SUPPORT AGREEMENT IS THE PRODUCT OF 
SETTLEMENT DISCUSSIONS AMONG THE PARTIES HERETO.  ACCORDINGLY, 
THIS RESTRUCTURING SUPPORT AGREEMENT IS PROTECTED BY RULE 408 OF 
THE FEDERAL RULES OF EVIDENCE AND ANY OTHER APPLICABLE STATUTES 
OR DOCTRINES PROTECTING THE USE OR DISCLOSURE OF CONFIDENTIAL 
SETTLEMENT DISCUSSIONS.  THIS RESTRUCTURING SUPPORT AGREEMENT IS 
CONFIDENTIAL AND IS SUBJECT TO THE CONFIDENTIALITY AGREEMENTS 
ENTERED INTO AND BY THE RECIPIENTS OF THIS RESTRUCTURING SUPPORT 
AGREEMENT AND THE COMPANY ENTITIES, AND MAY NOT BE SHARED WITH 
ANY THIRD PARTY OTHER THAN AS SET FORTH IN THE CONFIDENTIALITY 
AGREEMENTS.  NO NON-EXECUTED DRAFT OF THIS RESTRUCTURING 
SUPPORT AGREEMENT WILL BE CONTAINED IN ANY CLEANSING MATERIALS 
IN CONNECTION WITH ANY SUCH CONFIDENTIALITY AGREEMENTS. 
RESTRUCTURING SUPPORT AGREEMENT 
This RESTRUCTURING SUPPORT AGREEMENT (as may be amended, restated, 
amended and restated, supplemented or otherwise modified from time to time in accordance with 
the terms hereof, this “Agreement”), dated August 20, 2025, is entered into by and among: 
(a) 
ModivCare Inc. (“ModivCare”) and certain of its direct and indirect 
subsidiaries listed on Annex 1 to the Restructuring Term Sheet (as defined below) (collectively, 
the “Company Entities” and, each, a “Company Entity”); 
(b) 
the undersigned holders of approximately $805,000,000 in aggregate 
principal amount outstanding of first lien loans pursuant to that certain Credit Agreement, 
dated as of February 3, 2022 (as amended, restated, amended and restated, supplemented, 
or otherwise modified from time to time, including by that certain Amendment No. 5 to the Credit 
Agreement, dated as of January 9, 2025, the “First Lien Credit Agreement”), by and among 
ModivCare, as borrower, certain subsidiaries of ModivCare, as guarantors, the lenders party thereto 
(whether or not party to this Agreement, the “First Lien Lenders”), and JPMorgan Chase Bank, 
N.A., as administrative agent (the “First Lien Agent”), comprising: (i) $325,000,000 of outstanding 
revolving loans and LC Exposure (the “First Lien RCF”); (ii) $78,750,000 in unpaid principal 
amount of term loans, plus accrued and unpaid interest, fees, costs, and expenses due January 2026 
(the “First Lien Incremental”); and (iii) $522,239,938 in unpaid principal amount of term 
loans, plus accrued and unpaid interest, fees, costs, and expenses due July 2031 
Case 25-90309   Document 14   Filed in TXSB on 08/20/25   Page 32 of 225

=== page 33 ===
2 
(the “First Lien Term Loans”), and all Claims relating to the First Lien RCF (the “First Lien RCF 
Claims”), the First Lien Incremental (the “First Lien Incremental Claims”), and the First Lien 
Term Loans (the “First Lien Term Loan Claims,” together with the First Lien RCF Claims and 
the First Lien Incremental Claims, the “First Lien Claims,” and such undersigned holders of First 
Lien Claims, solely in their capacity as First Lien Lenders, the “Initial Consenting First Lien 
Lenders” and, together with any First Lien Lender that subsequently becomes a party to this 
Agreement solely in its capacity as First Lien Lender, the “Consenting First Lien Lenders”); 
(c) 
the 
undersigned 
holders 
of 
approximately 
$223,000,000 
in 
aggregate principal amount of second lien notes outstanding under that certain Second Lien Senior 
Secured PIK Toggle Notes Indenture, dated as of February 25, 2025 (“Second Lien Indenture”), 
by and between ModivCare, as issuer, certain subsidiaries of ModivCare, as guarantors, and 
Ankura Trust Company, LLC, as trustee (the “Second Lien Trustee”), governing ModivCare’s 
$316,223,250 aggregate principal amount of Second Lien Senior Secured PIK Toggle Notes due 
2029 (the “Second Lien Notes”), plus accrued and unpaid interest, fees, costs, and expenses, and 
all Claims relating to the Second Lien Notes (the “Second Lien Claims”, and such undersigned 
holders of the Second Lien Claims, solely in their capacity as Second Lien Noteholders, 
the “Initial Consenting Second Lien Noteholders” and, together with any Second Lien 
Noteholder that subsequently becomes a party to this Agreement solely in its capacity as Second 
Lien Noteholder, the “Consenting Second Lien Noteholders” and, the Consenting Second Lien 
Noteholders together with the Consenting First Lien Lenders, the “Consenting Creditors”). 
The Company Entities and each of the Consenting Creditors, and any subsequent Person 
that becomes a party hereto in accordance with the terms hereof are collectively referred to herein 
as the “Parties” and each, individually, as a “Party.”  Capitalized terms used but not defined herein 
shall have the meanings ascribed to them in the Restructuring Term Sheet.  The Restructuring 
Term Sheet is hereby incorporated by reference and made part of this Agreement as if fully set 
forth herein. 
RECITALS 
WHEREAS, the Parties have negotiated in good faith at arm’s-length and agreed to enter 
into certain restructuring and recapitalization transactions with respect to the Company Entities’ 
capital structure on the terms set forth in this Agreement and in the term sheet attached hereto as 
Exhibit A (the “Restructuring Term Sheet” and, such transactions as described in this Agreement 
and the Restructuring Term Sheet, and related transactions or steps to be taken in connection 
therewith, the “Restructuring”); 
WHEREAS, the Company Entities intend to implement the Restructuring through 
commencement by the Company Entities of voluntary cases (the “Chapter 11 Cases”) under 
chapter 11 of the Bankruptcy Code in the Bankruptcy Court; 
WHEREAS, as of the date hereof, the Initial Consenting First Lien Lenders, in the 
aggregate, hold, own, or control approximately 90% of the aggregate outstanding principal amount 
of First Lien Claims; 
Case 25-90309   Document 14   Filed in TXSB on 08/20/25   Page 33 of 225

=== page 34 ===
3 
WHEREAS, as of the date hereof, the Initial Consenting Second Lien Noteholders, in the 
aggregate, hold, own, or control approximately 70% of the aggregate outstanding principal amount 
of Second Lien Claims; 
WHEREAS, the Parties have agreed to support the Restructuring subject to and in 
accordance with the terms of this Agreement and desire to work together to complete the 
negotiation of the terms of the documents and each of the actions necessary or desirable to 
effectuate the Restructuring in accordance with the terms in this Agreement and the Restructuring 
Term Sheet; and 
WHEREAS, the Parties have agreed to take certain actions in support of the Restructuring 
on the terms and conditions set forth in this Agreement and the Restructuring Term Sheet. 
 
NOW, THEREFORE, in consideration of the foregoing and the covenants and 
agreements set forth herein, and for other good and valuable consideration, the receipt and 
sufficiency of which are hereby acknowledged, the Parties, on a several but not joint basis, agree 
as follows: 
1. 
Certain Definitions. 
As used in this Agreement, the following terms have the following meanings: 
“Agreement” has the meaning set forth in the preamble to this Agreement (for the 
avoidance of doubt, this “Agreement” includes all of the exhibits, including the Restructuring 
Term Sheet). 
“Alternative Restructuring” means any reorganization, merger, consolidation, tender 
offer, exchange offer, business combination, joint venture, partnership, sale of all or any material 
portion of assets, financing (debt or equity), plan proposal, recapitalization, restructuring of the 
Company Entities, or other transaction of similar effect, other than the Restructuring; provided 
that any Alternative Restructuring that is implemented pursuant to a valid amendment of this 
Agreement shall not be an Alternative Restructuring. 
“Avoidance Actions” means any and all actual or potential Claims and Causes of Action 
to avoid or recover a transfer of property or an obligation incurred by the Company Entities arising 
under chapter 5 of the Bankruptcy Code, including sections 502(d), 544, 545, 547, 548, 549, 550, 
551, and 553(b) of the Bankruptcy Code and applicable non-bankruptcy law.  
“Backstop Parties” has the meaning set forth in the Restructuring Term Sheet. 
“Bankruptcy Code” means title 11 of the United States Code, 11 U.S.C. §§ 101–1532, as 
amended. 
“Bankruptcy Court” means the United States Bankruptcy Court for the Southern District 
of Texas. 
“Bankruptcy Rules” means the Federal Rules of Bankruptcy Procedure as promulgated by 
the United States Supreme Court under section 2075 of title 28 of the United States Code and any 
Case 25-90309   Document 14   Filed in TXSB on 08/20/25   Page 34 of 225

=== page 35 ===
4 
local rules of the Bankruptcy Court, in each case, as amended from time to time and applicable to 
the Chapter 11 Cases. 
“Business Day” means any day, other than a Saturday, a Sunday, or any other day on which 
banking institutions in New York, New York are required or authorized to close by law or 
executive order. 
“Cash” means the legal tender of the United States of America. 
“Causes of Action” means any action, claim, cross-claim, third-party claim, cause of 
action, controversy, dispute, proceeding demand, right, lien, indemnity, contribution, guaranty, 
suit, obligation, liability, loss, debt, fee or expense, damage, interest, judgment, cost, account, 
defense, remedy, offset, power, privilege, proceeding, license and franchise of any kind or 
character whatsoever, known, unknown, foreseen or unforeseen, existing or hereafter arising, 
contingent or non-contingent, matured or unmatured, suspected or unsuspected, liquidated or 
unliquidated, disputed or undisputed, secured or unsecured, assertable directly or derivatively 
(including any alter ego theories), choate, inchoate, reduced to judgment or otherwise whether 
arising before, on, or after the Petition Date, in contract or in tort, in law or in equity or pursuant 
to any other theory of law (including under any state or federal securities laws).  Causes of Action 
also includes: (i) any right of setoff, counterclaim or recoupment and any claim for breach of 
contract or for breach of duties imposed by law or in equity; (ii) the right to object to Claims 
against, or Interests in, a Company Entity; (iii) any claim pursuant to section 362 or chapter 5 of 
the Bankruptcy Code; (iv) any claim or defense including fraud, mistake, duress and usury and 
any other defenses set forth in section 558 of the Bankruptcy Code; (v) any state law fraudulent 
transfer claim; and (vi) any Avoidance Actions. 
“Chapter 11 Cases” has the meaning set forth in the recitals to this Agreement. 
“Claim” has the meaning set forth in section 101(5) of the Bankruptcy Code. 
“Company Entities’ Advisors” means Company Entities’ Counsel, Moelis & Company 
LLC, and FTI Consulting, Inc. 
“Company Entities’ Counsel” means Latham & Watkins LLP, as legal advisors to the 
Company Entities. 
“Company Entity” or “Company Entities” has the meaning set forth in the preamble to 
this Agreement. 
“Company Entity Termination Event” has the meaning set forth in Section 7.04. 
“Confidentiality Agreement” means an executed confidentiality agreement, including with 
respect to the issuance of a “cleansing letter” or other public disclosure of material non-public 
information, in connection with a potential Restructuring, and between any Company Entity and 
any Consenting Creditor, First Lien Agent and Consenting Creditor Advisors, or any holder of any 
Claims or Interests against the Company Entities. 
Case 25-90309   Document 14   Filed in TXSB on 08/20/25   Page 35 of 225

=== page 36 ===
5 
“Confirmation Date” means the date on which the Bankruptcy Court enters the 
Confirmation Order. 
“Confirmation Hearing” means the hearing held by the Bankruptcy Court pursuant to 
sections 105(d)(2)(B)(vi) and 1128 of the Bankruptcy Code to consider (i) final approval of the 
Disclosure Statement under sections 1125 and 1126(b) of the Bankruptcy Code (if previously 
approved) and (ii) confirmation of the Plan, as such hearing may be adjourned or continued from 
time to time. 
“Confirmation Order” means the order of the Bankruptcy Court confirming the Plan 
pursuant to section 1129 of the Bankruptcy Code, and if not previously approved, approving the 
Disclosure Statement pursuant to section 1125 of the Bankruptcy Code. 
“Consenting Claims” means all Claims against any Company Entity held by or on behalf 
of or in the control of Consenting Creditors from time to time. 
“Consenting Creditors” has the meaning set forth in the preamble to this Agreement.  
“Consenting First Lien Lender Termination Event” has the meaning set forth in Section 
7.02. 
“Consenting First Lien Lenders” has the meaning set forth in the preamble to this 
Agreement. 
“Consenting Second Lien Noteholders” has the meaning set forth in the preamble to this 
Agreement. 
“Consenting Second Lien Noteholder Termination Event” has the meaning set forth in 
Section 7.03. 
“Definitive Documents” means, each consistent with this Agreement: (i) the Plan and the 
Plan Supplement; (ii) the Disclosure Statement, the Solicitation Materials, and any motion seeking 
approval of, and any notices related to, the foregoing; (iii) the Solicitation Procedures Order; 
(iv) the Confirmation Order; (v) the DIP Documents; (vi) the First Day Pleadings and the First 
Day Orders; (vii) the New Common Interest Documents, and (viii) any other agreement, 
document, instrument, pleading and/or order entered or entered into, or utilized, in connection with 
or to implement the Restructuring (together with any exhibit, amendment, modification or 
supplement thereto); provided that, notwithstanding any Definitive Documents listed herein, any 
monthly or quarterly operating reports, retention applications, fee applications, fee statements, and 
declarations in support thereof or related thereto shall not constitute Definitive Documents under 
this Agreement.   
“DIP Backstop Commitment Letters” means those certain backstop commitment letters to 
be entered into by the Company Entities and the Backstop Parties, which shall be in form and 
substance acceptable to the Required Consenting First Lien Lenders and the Company Entities and 
consistent with the DIP Facility Term Sheet. 
Case 25-90309   Document 14   Filed in TXSB on 08/20/25   Page 36 of 225

=== page 37 ===
6 
“DIP Credit Agreement” means that certain Superpriority Secured Debtor-in-Possession 
Credit Agreement to be entered by and among ModivCare, as borrower, the guarantors party 
thereto, the administrative agent and the collateral agent, and lenders party thereto (as may be 
amended, restated, amended and restated, supplemented or otherwise modified from time to time 
in accordance with its terms) in respect of the DIP Facility, in form and substance acceptable to 
the Required Consenting First Lien Lenders and the Company Entities and consistent with the DIP 
Facility Term Sheet. 
“DIP Documents” means the DIP Credit Agreement, the other “Credit Documents” as 
defined in the DIP Credit Agreement, the DIP Backstop Commitment Letters, the DIP Motion, the 
DIP Orders, and any other agreement, document and/or instrument entered or entered into in 
connection with any of the foregoing, each in form and substance acceptable to the Required 
Consenting First Lien Lenders and the Company Entities. 
“DIP Facility” means a secured, multi-draw, first lien debtor-in-possession financing 
facility in the aggregate principal amount not to exceed $100 million under the DIP Credit 
Agreement and subject to the terms and conditions thereof and under the DIP Documents. 
“DIP Facility Term Sheet” means the term sheet attached as Annex 2 to the Restructuring 
Term Sheet describing the material terms of the DIP Facility in form and substance acceptable to 
the Required Consenting First Lien Lenders and the Company Entities. 
“DIP Motion” means the motion seeking approval by the Bankruptcy Court of the DIP 
Facility and entry of the DIP Orders, including any declarations, notices, exhibits and/or annexes 
thereto (as amended, modified or supplemented from time to time) in form and substance 
acceptable to the Required Consenting First Lien Lenders and the Company Entities. 
“DIP Orders” means, collectively, the Interim DIP Order and the Final DIP Order. 
“Disclosure Statement” means the disclosure statement in respect of the Plan, in form and 
substance acceptable to the Required Consenting First Lien Lenders and the Company Entities, 
including all exhibits, schedules, supplements, modifications, amendments, annexes and 
attachments thereto, as approved or ratified by the Bankruptcy Court pursuant to sections 1125 
and 1126 of the Bankruptcy Code. 
“Effective Date” means, with respect to the Plan, the date that is a Business Day on which 
all conditions precedent to the effectiveness or consummation of the Plan have been satisfied or 
waived in accordance with the terms of the Plan and this Agreement. 
“Entity” has the meaning set forth in section 101(15) of the Bankruptcy Code. 
“Equity Rights Offering” has the meaning set forth in the Restructuring Term Sheet. 
“Exchange Act” means the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended. 
“Fiduciary Out Determination” means the board of directors, board of managers, or such 
similar governing body (including any special committee) of any Company Entity reasonably 
determines in good faith after consultation with outside counsel that proceeding with the 
Case 25-90309   Document 14   Filed in TXSB on 08/20/25   Page 37 of 225

=== page 38 ===
7 
Restructuring, any part thereof, or any of the Company Entities’ obligations hereunder, would be 
inconsistent with the exercise of its fiduciary duties under applicable law. 
“Final DIP Order” means the order entered by the Bankruptcy Court authorizing the 
Company Entities to enter into the DIP Credit Agreement and approving, among other things, the 
DIP Facility and the Company Entities’ use of Cash Collateral (as defined in the DIP Orders), and 
the parties’ rights with respect thereto on a final basis (as may be amended, supplemented or 
modified from time to time), which shall be in form and substance acceptable to the Required 
Consenting First Lien Lenders and the Company Entities. 
“Final Order” means as applicable, an order or judgment of the Bankruptcy Court, or other 
court of competent jurisdiction with respect to the relevant subject matter, which (i) has not been 
reversed, stayed, modified, or amended, including any order subject to appeal but for which no 
stay of such order has been entered, and as to which the time to appeal, seek certiorari, or move 
for a new trial, reargument, reconsideration or rehearing has expired and as to which no appeal, 
petition for certiorari, or other proceeding for a new trial, reargument, reconsideration or rehearing 
has been timely taken, or (ii) as to which any appeal that has been taken or any petition for 
certiorari or motion for reargument, reconsideration or rehearing that has been or may be filed has 
been withdrawn with prejudice, resolved by the highest court to which the order or judgment was 
appealed or from which certiorari could be sought, or any request for new trial, reargument, 
reconsideration or rehearing has been denied, resulted in no stay pending appeal or modification 
of such order, or has otherwise been dismissed with prejudice; provided, that no order or judgment 
shall fail to be a “Final Order” solely because of the possibility that a motion under rules 59 or 60 
of the Federal Rules of Civil Procedure or any analogous Bankruptcy Rule (or any analogous rules 
applicable in another court of competent jurisdiction) or sections 502(j) or 1144 of the Bankruptcy 
Code has been or may be filed with respect to such order or judgment.  
“First Day Orders” means any interim or final order of the Bankruptcy Court granting the 
relief requested in the First Day Pleadings (as may be amended, supplemented or modified from 
time to time). 
“First Day Pleadings” means all material motions, applications, notices and/or other 
pleadings that the Company Entities file or propose to file in connection with the commencement 
of the Chapter 11 Cases and all orders sought thereby (any of the foregoing as amended, 
supplemented or modified from time to time), including the First Day Orders. 
“First Lien Agent and Consenting Creditor Advisors” means, collectively, Paul Hastings 
LLP and Lazard Freres & Co. LLC as, respectively, legal advisor, financial advisor, and 
investment banker, to the First Lien Agent acting at the direction of the Consenting Creditors. 
“First Lien Agent” has the meaning set forth in the preamble to this Agreement and any 
successor thereto. 
“First Lien Agent and Consenting Creditor Counsel” means Paul Hastings LLP. 
“First Lien Claims” has the meaning set forth in the preamble to this Agreement. 
Case 25-90309   Document 14   Filed in TXSB on 08/20/25   Page 38 of 225

=== page 39 ===
8 
“First Lien Credit Agreement” has the meaning set forth in the preamble to this 
Agreement. 
“First Lien Credit Documents” means the First Lien Credit Agreement together with all 
other related documents, instruments, and agreements, in each case, as supplemented, amended, 
restated, amended and restated, or otherwise modified from time to time. 
“First Lien Incremental” has the meaning set forth in the preamble to this Agreement. 
“First Lien Incremental Claims” has the meaning set forth in the preamble to this 
Agreement. 
“First Lien Lenders” has the meaning set forth in the preamble to this Agreement. 
“First Lien RCF” has the meaning set forth in the preamble to this Agreement. 
“First Lien RCF Claims” has the meaning set forth in the preamble to this Agreement. 
“First Lien Term Loans” has the meaning set forth in the preamble to this Agreement. 
“First Lien Term Loan Claims” has the meaning set forth in the preamble to this 
Agreement. 
“Governmental Unit” has the meaning set forth in section 101(27) of the Bankruptcy Code.  
“Initial Consenting First Lien Lenders” has the meaning set forth in the preamble to this 
Agreement. 
“Initial Consenting Second Lien Noteholders” has the meaning set forth in the preamble 
to this Agreement. 
“Interests” means any equity interest in a Company Entity, including all ordinary shares, 
units, common stock, preferred stock, membership interest, partnership interest, or other 
instruments evidencing an ownership interest, or equity security (as defined in section 101(16) of 
the Bankruptcy Code) in any of the Company Entities, whether or not transferable, and any option, 
warrant or right, contractual or otherwise, including equity-based employee incentives, grants, 
stock options, stock appreciation rights, restricted stock, restricted stock units, performance 
shares/units, incentive awards, or other instruments issued to employees of the Company Entities, 
to acquire any such interests in a Company Entity that existed immediately before the Effective 
Date (in each case whether or not arising under or in connection with any employment agreement); 
provided that the foregoing shall not apply to any entitlement to participate in or receive any 
Interests of the Reorganized Company Entities on or following the Effective Date. 
“Interim DIP Order” means the order, in the form attached hereto as Exhibit D, entered 
by the Bankruptcy Court authorizing the Company Entities to enter into the DIP Credit Agreement 
and approving, among other things, the DIP Backstop Commitment Letters, the DIP Facility, the 
DIP Commitments, the DIP Loans (as each term is defined therein), the Company Entities’ use of 
Cash Collateral, and the parties’ rights with respect thereto on an interim basis (as may be 
Case 25-90309   Document 14   Filed in TXSB on 08/20/25   Page 39 of 225

=== page 40 ===
9 
amended, supplemented or modified from time to time), which shall be in form and substance 
acceptable to the Required Consenting First Lien Lenders and the Company Entities. 
“Joinder Agreement” has the meaning set forth in Section 4.02. 
“Loaned Claims” has the meaning set forth in Section 10.02(b). 
“Milestones” means the “Milestones” set forth in Exhibit C hereto (as may be amended, 
modified, or supplemented in accordance with the terms of this Agreement). 
“ModivCare” has the meaning set forth in the preamble to this Agreement. 
“New Common Interests” means a single class of new common equity interests of 
Reorganized Parent to be issued (i) on the Effective Date or (ii) as otherwise permitted pursuant 
to the Plan, the New Corporate Governance Documents and the New Common Interests 
Documents. 
“New Common Interests Documents” means any and all documents required to 
implement, issue, or distribute the New Common Interests. 
“New Corporate Governance Documents” means all documents, agreements, and 
disclosures concerning, or relating to the formation, capitalization, administration or governance 
of, the Reorganized Company Entities, any of their respective subsidiaries, which may include any 
form of certificate or articles of incorporation, bylaws, limited liability company agreement, 
partnership agreement, shareholders’ agreement, trust agreement, and such other applicable 
formation, capitalization, organizational, administrative, and governance document, which shall 
be in form and substance acceptable to the Required Consenting First Lien Lenders. 
“Notice Period” has the meaning set forth in Section 7.01(b). 
“Party” or “Parties” has the meaning set forth in the preamble to this Agreement. 
“Permitted Transferee” has the meaning set forth in Section 4.02(b). 
“Person” means an individual, corporation, partnership, joint venture, association, joint 
stock company, limited liability company, limited liability partnership, trust, estate, 
unincorporated organization, Governmental Unit, or other Entity. 
“Petition Date” means the date on which the Company Entities commence the Chapter 11 
Cases by filing petitions with the Bankruptcy Court. 
“Plan” means the Company Entities’ prearranged joint chapter 11 plan of reorganization 
including all appendices, exhibits, schedules, and supplements thereto (including any appendices, 
schedules, and supplements to the Plan contained in the Plan Supplement), as the same may be 
amended, supplemented, or modified from time to time in accordance with the provisions of the 
Bankruptcy Code and the terms of the Plan and this Agreement, which shall incorporate the terms 
of, and shall be consistent with, this Agreement (including the Restructuring Term Sheet) and shall 
Case 25-90309   Document 14   Filed in TXSB on 08/20/25   Page 40 of 225

=== page 41 ===
10 
be in form and substance acceptable to the Required Consenting First Lien Lenders and the 
Company Entities. 
“Plan Supplement” means any supplemental appendix to the Plan, in form and substance 
acceptable to the Required Consenting First Lien Lenders and the Company Entities, containing 
certain documents and forms of documents, schedules, and exhibits relevant to the implementation 
of the Plan, as may be amended modified or supplemented from time to time in accordance with 
the terms of the Plan and this Agreement, and the Bankruptcy Code and the Bankruptcy Rules, 
which shall include, but shall not be limited to: (i) the New Corporate Governance Documents; 
(ii) the New Common Interests Documents; (iii) the Exit Facilities; (iv)  the schedule of rejected 
contracts; and (v) any disclosures required under section 1129(a)(5) of the Bankruptcy Code 
(including, to the extent known and determined, a document disclosing the identity of the directors 
and officers of the Reorganized Company Entities). 
“Prepetition Funded Debt Documents” means, collectively, the First Lien Credit 
Documents, and the Second Lien Notes Documents, and the Unsecured Notes Indenture. 
“Qualified Marketmaker” means an Entity that (i) holds itself out to the market as standing 
ready in the ordinary course of business to purchase from and sell to customers Consenting Claims 
(including debt securities or other debt), or enter with customers into long and/or short positions 
in Consenting Claims (including debt securities or other debt), in its capacity as a dealer or market 
maker in such Consenting Claims (including debt securities or other debt) and (ii) is in fact 
regularly in the business of making a market in claims, interest, or securities of issuers or 
borrowers. 
“Qualified Marketmaker Joinder Date” has the meaning set forth in Section 4.02(c). 
“Reorganized Company Entities” means a Company Entity, or any successor or assign 
thereto, by merger, consolidation, reorganization, or otherwise, in the form of a corporation, 
limited liability company, partnership, or other form, as the case may be, on and after the Effective 
Date, including Reorganized Parent. 
“Reorganized Parent” means from and after the Effective Date, ModivCare or such other 
Entity, as may be determined by the Company Entities and the Required Consenting First Lien 
Lenders, to be the Company Entities’ new corporate parent, as reorganized pursuant to the Plan or 
as otherwise agreed between the Company Entities and the Required Consenting First Lien 
Lenders. 
“Required Consenting Creditors” means, collectively, the Required Consenting First Lien 
Lenders and the Required Consenting Second Lien Noteholders. 
“Required Consenting First Lien Lenders” means, as of any date of determination, the 
Consenting First Lien Lenders holding at least 50.1% in aggregate principal amount outstanding 
of the First Lien Claims held, beneficially owned, or managed by all of the Consenting First Lien 
Lenders as of such date. 
“Required Consenting Second Lien Noteholders” means, as of any date of determination, 
the Consenting Second Lien Noteholders holding at least 50.1% in aggregate principal amount 
Case 25-90309   Document 14   Filed in TXSB on 08/20/25   Page 41 of 225

=== page 42 ===
11 
outstanding of the Second Lien Claims held, beneficially owned, or managed by all of the 
Consenting Second Lien Noteholders as of such date. 
“Restructuring” has the meaning set forth in the recitals to this Agreement. 
“Restructuring Fees and Expenses” means all reasonable and documented fees, costs, and 
expenses of each of the First Lien Agent and Consenting Creditor Advisors (including First Lien 
Agent and Consenting Creditor Counsel), in each case: (a) in connection with the negotiation, 
formulation, preparation, execution, delivery, implementation, consummation and/or enforcement 
of this Agreement, the Plan, the other Definitive Documents, the Restructuring, and the 
transactions contemplated hereby and thereby; and (b) as otherwise provided  under the First Lien 
Credit Documents, or engagement letters or fee reimbursement letters entered into between the 
applicable Company Entities, on the one hand, and any First Lien Agent and Consenting Creditor 
Advisor, on the other hand, with respect to the fees, costs, and expenses of any First Lien Agent 
and Consenting Creditor Advisor. 
“Restructuring Proceeding” means, other than the Chapter 11 Cases or any other action 
or proceeding taken in furtherance of or in connection with the Restructuring with the consent of 
the Company Entities and the Required Consenting First Lien Lenders, the appointment of an 
administrator, liquidator, provisional liquidator, bankruptcy or proposal trustee, receiver, 
administrative receiver, or similar officer in respect of any Company Entity or any subsidiary of 
any Company Entity, or the winding up, liquidation, provisional liquidation, dissolution, 
administration, reorganization, composition, compromise, or arrangement of or with any Company 
Entity or any subsidiary of any Company Entity, or any equivalent or analogous appointment or 
proceedings under the law of any other jurisdiction. 
“Restructuring Term Sheet” means the restructuring term sheet, attached hereto as Exhibit 
A and incorporated herein as if fully set forth herein (including any schedules, annexes and exhibit 
attached thereto, each as may be modified in accordance with the terms of this Agreement), which 
shall be in form and substance acceptable to the Required Consenting First Lien Lenders and the 
Company Entities. 
“SEC” has the meaning set forth in Section 10.01(c). 
“Second Lien Claims” has the meaning set forth in the preamble to this Agreement. 
“Second Lien Indenture” has the meaning set forth in the preamble to this Agreement. 
“Second Lien Notes” has the meaning set forth in the preamble to this Agreement. 
“Second Lien Noteholders” means the holders of the Second Lien Notes. 
“Second Lien Notes Documents” means the Second Lien Indenture together with all other 
related documents, instruments, and agreements, in each case, as supplemented, amended, restated, 
amended and restated, or otherwise modified from time to time. 
“Second Lien Trustee” has the meaning set forth in the preamble to this Agreement. 
Case 25-90309   Document 14   Filed in TXSB on 08/20/25   Page 42 of 225

=== page 43 ===
12 
“Securities Act” means the U.S. Securities Act of 1933, 15 U.S.C. §§ 77c-77aa, as now in 
effect or hereafter amended, and any rules and regulations promulgated thereby. 
“Solicitation” means the solicitation of votes on the Plan pursuant to sections 1125 and 
1126 of the Bankruptcy Code. 
“Solicitation Materials” means any materials used in connection with the solicitation of 
votes on the Plan, including the Disclosure Statement and any procedures established by the 
Bankruptcy Court with respect to solicitation of votes on the Plan pursuant to the Solicitation 
Procedures Order, each of which shall be in form and substance acceptable to the Required 
Consenting First Lien Lenders and the Company Entities. 
“Solicitation Procedures Order” means the order of the Bankruptcy Court approving the 
Solicitation procedures and scheduling the Confirmation Hearing, which shall be in form and 
substance acceptable to the Required Consenting First Lien Lenders and the Company Entities. 
“Support Effective Date” means the date on which counterpart signature pages to this 
Agreement shall have been executed and delivered by (i) the Company Entities, (ii) each of the 
Initial Consenting First Lien Lenders so long as they collectively hold at least 66.67% of the 
aggregate outstanding principal amount of First Lien Claims, and (iii) each of the Initial 
Consenting Second Lien Noteholders so long as they collectively hold at least 66.67% of the 
aggregate outstanding principal amount of Second Lien Claims. 
“Support Period” means the period commencing on the Support Effective Date and ending 
on the Termination Date, and in the case that the Termination Date is the Effective Date, the 
Support Period shall include the Termination Date. 
“Termination Date” means the date on which termination of this Agreement is effective 
as to a Party in accordance with Article 7 of this Agreement. 
“Transfer” has the meaning set forth in Section 4.02. 
“Unsecured Notes” means the notes issued under the Unsecured Notes Indenture. 
“Unsecured Notes Indenture” means that certain Senior Notes Indenture, dated as of 
August 24, 2021 (as amended, restated, amended and restated, supplemented, or otherwise 
modified from time to time), by and between ModivCare, as issuer, and Wilmington Saving Fund 
Society, FSB, as trustee, governing ModivCare’s $228,835,000 aggregate principal amount of 
5.00% Senior Notes due 2029. 
2. 
Passage of Time.  With respect to any Milestone or other reference of time herein, if the 
last day of such period falls on a Saturday, Sunday, or a “legal holiday,” as defined in Rule 9006(a) 
of the Federal Rules of Bankruptcy Procedure, such Milestone or other reference of time shall be 
extended to the next such day that is not a Saturday, Sunday, or a “legal holiday,” as defined in 
Rule 9006(a) of the Federal Rules of Bankruptcy Procedure; provided, for the avoidance of doubt, 
Case 25-90309   Document 14   Filed in TXSB on 08/20/25   Page 43 of 225

=== page 44 ===
13 
that any Milestone with respect to a hearing date shall be subject to the Bankruptcy Court’s 
availability. 
3. 
Restructuring. 
Section 3.01 Confirmation of the Plan.  Subject to the terms of this Agreement, 
the Parties will use their commercially reasonable efforts to obtain confirmation of the Plan as 
soon as reasonably practicable after the Petition Date, and by no later than the applicable 
Milestone, in accordance with the Bankruptcy Code and on terms consistent with this Agreement.  
Each Party shall use its commercially reasonable efforts to cooperate fully and coordinate amongst 
each other and with the Company Entities in connection therewith.  Further, each of the Parties 
shall take such action (including executing and delivering any other agreements) as may be 
reasonably necessary or as may be required by order of the Bankruptcy Court, to carry out the 
purpose and intent of this Agreement (including to provide any information reasonably necessary, 
or information requested from federal, state, or local regulators, to obtain required regulatory 
approvals necessary for confirmation of the Plan or consummation of the Restructuring). 
Section 3.02 Definitive Documents.  The documents related to or otherwise 
utilized to implement or effectuate the Restructuring shall include, among others, the Definitive 
Documents, each of which shall be consistent in all respects with the terms and conditions of this 
Agreement, including the Restructuring Term Sheet, and, in each case, shall be in form and 
substance acceptable to the Parties that have consent rights with respect to the applicable Definitive 
Documents. 
4. 
Agreements of the Consenting Creditors. 
Section 4.01 Support.  Subject to the terms of this Agreement and the applicable 
Definitive Documents, each Consenting Creditor, with respect to each of its respective Consenting 
Claims, hereby covenants and agrees, severally and not jointly, during the Support Period, that it 
shall: 
(a) 
timely vote or cause to be voted, following commencement of the 
Solicitation and by the applicable deadline set forth in the Solicitation Materials, all of its Claims 
(or Claims under its control), including all Claims that are impaired under the Plan, to accept the 
Plan and not change or withdraw (or cause to be changed or withdrawn) any such vote; provided 
that each Consenting Creditor, effective immediately upon written notice to the Company Entities 
(with email among counsel being sufficient), may withhold, change, or withdraw (or cause to be 
withheld, changed, or withdrawn) its vote (and, upon such withdrawal be deemed void ab initio) 
at any time following termination of this Agreement in accordance with its terms with respect to 
such Consenting Creditor, other than on account of a breach by such Consenting Creditor; 
(b) 
(i) consent, and to be deemed to have consented, to the incurrence of the 
DIP Facility on the terms set forth in the DIP Facility Term Sheet and the DIP Documents; 
(ii) consent, and, if necessary, direct any administrative agent, collateral agent, or indenture trustee 
(as applicable) to consent, to the Company Entities’ use of their Cash Collateral pursuant to the 
DIP Orders; and (iii) if necessary, give any notice, order, instruction, or direction to the applicable 
administrative agent, collateral agent, or indenture trustee necessary to give effect to the foregoing; 
Case 25-90309   Document 14   Filed in TXSB on 08/20/25   Page 44 of 225

=== page 45 ===
14 
(c) 
give any notice, order, instruction, or direction to the applicable 
administrative agent, collateral agent, or indenture trustee necessary to give effect to the 
Restructuring; 
(d) 
not direct any administrative agent, collateral agent, or indenture trustee (as 
applicable) to take any action inconsistent with such Consenting Creditor’s obligations under this 
Agreement or the Plan, and if any applicable administrative agent or collateral agent takes any 
action inconsistent with such Consenting Creditor’s obligations under this Agreement or the Plan, 
such Consenting Creditor will use its reasonable efforts to direct such administrative agent, 
collateral agent, or indenture trustee to cease, desist, and refrain from taking any such action, and 
to take such action as may be necessary to effect the Restructuring; 
(e) 
act in good faith to negotiate, complete, enter into, execute, effectuate, and 
implement the Definitive Documents (as applicable) and any other necessary filings, documents, 
pleadings, agreements, contracts and requests for regulatory approvals to which it is a party within 
the timeframes contemplated herein; 
(f) 
act in good faith to support, not object to, and take all reasonable actions (to 
the extent practicable and consistent with the terms of this Agreement and/or the Definitive 
Documents) reasonably necessary or reasonably requested by the Company Entities to facilitate 
the Solicitation, approval of and entry of orders regarding the Definitive Documents, and 
confirmation and consummation of the Plan and the Restructuring contemplated herein; 
(g) 
if applicable, use commercially reasonable efforts to obtain, or assist the 
Company Entities in obtaining, any and all required governmental, regulatory and/or third-party 
approvals to effectuate the Restructuring on the terms contemplated by this Agreement, including 
the Restructuring Term Sheet, and the Plan;  
(h) 
to the extent any legal or structural impediment arises that would prevent, 
hinder, or delay the consummation of the Restructuring, negotiate with the Company Entities and 
the other Consenting Creditors in good faith with respect to additional or alternative provisions to 
address any such legal or structuring impediment to the Restructuring; 
(i) 
with respect to the Consenting First Lien Lenders that are Backstop Parties, 
fund the DIP Facility in accordance with the DIP Documents and the other Definitive Documents; 
(j) 
to the extent it is permitted to elect whether to (i) opt out of the releases set 
forth in the Plan, or (ii) if the Bankruptcy Court requires opting in to give effect to the releases set 
forth in the Plan, not elect to opt out of, or elect to opt in to (as applicable), the releases set forth 
in the Plan by timely delivering its duly executed and completed ballot(s) indicating such election; 
(k) 
provide, within two (2) Business Days of the Support Effective Date, its 
current holdings of Claims to the Company Entities’ Advisors, provided, that such information 
will be held on a confidential basis by the Company Entities and the Company Entities’ Advisors;  
(l) 
immediately notify each of the other Parties hereto of any breach of which 
such Consenting Creditor has knowledge in respect of any of its or another Consenting Creditor’s 
Case 25-90309   Document 14   Filed in TXSB on 08/20/25   Page 45 of 225

=== page 46 ===
15 
obligations, representations, warranties, or covenants set forth in this Agreement by furnishing 
written notice to the other Parties within two (2) Business Days of knowledge of such breach; and 
(m) 
not directly or indirectly:  
(i) 
object to, delay, impede, or take any other action to interfere with 
acceptance, implementation, or consummation of the Restructuring;  
(ii) 
propose, file, support, or vote for any Alternative Restructuring;  
(iii) 
seek to modify the Definitive Documents, in whole or in part, in a 
manner that is not consistent with this Agreement and the Restructuring 
Term Sheet; 
(iv) 
exercise, or direct any other Person to exercise, any right or remedy 
for the enforcement, collection, or recovery of any of its or any other 
Person’s Claims or Interest against the Company Entities other than in 
accordance with this Agreement and the Definitive Documents; 
(v) 
file any motion, objection, pleading, or other document with the 
Bankruptcy Court or any other court that, in whole or in part, is not 
consistent with this Agreement and the Restructuring Term Sheet (nor 
directly or indirectly cause or instruct any other Person to make such a 
filing); 
(vi) 
initiate, or have initiated on its behalf, any litigation or proceeding 
of any kind with respect to this Agreement, the Definitive Documents, or 
the Restructuring contemplated herein against the Company Entities or the 
other Parties other than to enforce this Agreement or any Definitive 
Document or as otherwise permitted under this Agreement (nor directly or 
indirectly cause or instruct any other Person to initiate such litigation or 
proceeding);  
(vii) 
object to, delay, impede, or take any other action to interfere with 
the Company Entities’ ownership and possession of their assets, wherever 
located, or interfere with the automatic stay arising under section 362 of the 
Bankruptcy Code (nor directly or indirectly cause or instruct any other 
Person to take such action); or  
(viii) exercise, or direct any other Person to exercise, any right or remedy 
for the enforcement, collection, or recovery of any of its or any other 
Person’s Claims or Interests other than in accordance with this Agreement 
and the Definitive Documents (nor directly or indirectly cause or instruct 
any other Person to take or exercise such right or remedy). 
Case 25-90309   Document 14   Filed in TXSB on 08/20/25   Page 46 of 225

=== page 47 ===
16 
Section 4.02 Transfers. 
(a) 
Each Consenting Creditor agrees that, during the Support Period, it shall not 
sell, assign, loan, issue, pledge, hypothecate, transfer, participate, or otherwise dispose of 
(“Transfer”), directly or indirectly, in whole or in part, any Claims against or Interest in the 
Company Entities, option thereon, or right or interest therein (including any beneficial ownership 
as defined in Rule 13d-3 under the Exchange Act, or by granting any proxies, depositing any 
Claims or Interest into a voting trust or entering into a voting agreement with respect to such 
Claims), and any purported Transfer shall be void ab initio and without effect unless the transferee 
thereof either: 
(i) 
is a Consenting Creditor and the transferee provides notice of such 
Transfer (including the amount and type of Claims and/or Interests 
transferred) to Company Entities’ Counsel and the First Lien Agent and 
Consenting Creditor Counsel within three (3) Business Days following the 
consummation of such Transfer; or 
(ii) 
before such Transfer, agrees in writing for the benefit of the Parties 
to become, effective upon the consummation of such Transfer, a Consenting 
Creditor for all purposes hereunder and to be bound by all of the terms of 
this Agreement applicable to a Consenting Creditor (including with respect 
to any and all Claims against and Interests in the Company Entities it 
already may hold before such Transfer) by executing a joinder agreement 
in the form attached hereto as Exhibit B (a “Joinder Agreement”) and 
delivering an executed copy of such Joinder Agreement to Company 
Entities’ Counsel and the First Lien Agent and Consenting Creditor Counsel 
within one (1) Business Day of the consummation of such Transfer.  Upon 
compliance with the foregoing, the transferor shall be deemed to relinquish 
its rights (and be released from its obligations, except for any claim for 
breach of this Agreement that occurs prior to such Transfer) under this 
Agreement to the extent of such transferred rights and obligations.  Each 
Consenting Creditor agrees that any Transfer of any Claim against the 
Company Entities that does not comply with the terms and procedures set 
forth herein shall be deemed void ab initio, and each other Party shall have 
the right to enforce the voiding of such Transfer. 
(b) 
Notwithstanding anything to the contrary in this Agreement, a Consenting 
Creditor may Transfer Claims against the Company Entities to an entity that is acting in its capacity 
as a Qualified Marketmaker without the requirement that the Qualified Marketmaker be or become 
an Entity identified in Section 4.02(a) hereof (a “Permitted Transferee”); provided that (i) any 
such Qualified Marketmaker may only subsequently Transfer the right, title or interest to such 
Claims to a transferee that is or becomes a Permitted Transferee at the time of such Transfer, 
(ii) any transferee satisfies Section 4.02(a) of this Agreement, (iii) such transferor shall be solely 
responsible for the Qualified Marketmaker’s failure to comply with the requirements of this 
Section 4.02(b), and (iv) the Transfer documentation between such Consenting Creditor and such 
Qualified Marketmaker shall contain a covenant providing for the requirements of this Section 
4.02(b).  To the extent that a Consenting Creditor is acting in its capacity as a Qualified 
Case 25-90309   Document 14   Filed in TXSB on 08/20/25   Page 47 of 225

=== page 48 ===
17 
Marketmaker, it may Transfer (by purchase, sale, assignment, participation, or otherwise) any 
right, title, or interests in the Claims against or Interest in the Company Entities that the Qualified 
Marketmaker acquires from a holder of the such Claims or Interest who is not a Consenting 
Creditor without the requirement that the transferee be a Permitted Transferee. 
(c) 
If at the time of a proposed Transfer of any Claims against the Company 
Entities to a Qualified Marketmaker, such Claims: (i) may be voted or consent solicited with 
respect to the Restructuring, then the proposed transferor must first vote or consent such Claims 
in accordance with Section 4.01, or (ii) have not yet been and may yet be voted or consent solicited 
with respect to the Plan and/or the Restructuring and such Qualified Marketmaker does not 
Transfer such Claims to a Permitted Transferee before the third (3rd) Business Day before the 
expiration of an applicable voting or consent deadline (such date, the “Qualified Marketmaker 
Joinder Date”), such Qualified Marketmaker shall be required to (and the Transfer documentation 
between the applicable Consenting Creditor and such Qualified Marketmaker shall provide that 
such Qualified Marketmaker shall), on the first Business Day immediately after the Qualified 
Marketmaker Joinder Date, become a Consenting Creditor with respect to such Claims in 
accordance with the terms hereof; provided, further, that the Qualified Marketmaker shall 
automatically, and without further notice or action, no longer be a Consenting Creditor with respect 
to such Claim at such time as such Claim has been Transferred by such Qualified Marketmaker to 
a transferee that is a Permitted Transferee in accordance with this Agreement. 
Section 4.03 Additional Claims.  This Agreement shall in no way be construed to 
preclude the Consenting Creditors from acquiring additional Claims or Transferring Claims in 
accordance with this Article 4, and each Consenting Creditor agrees that to the extent any 
Consenting Creditor (i) acquires additional Claims against the Company Entities entitled to vote 
on the Plan or (ii) Transfers any Claims against the Company Entities in accordance with this 
Article 4, then, in each case, each such Consenting Creditor shall promptly notify Company 
Entities’ Counsel and the First Lien Agent and Consenting Creditor Counsel, and each such 
Consenting Creditor hereby agrees that such additional Claims shall be subject to this Agreement, 
and that, for the duration of the Support Period, it shall vote (or cause to be voted) any such 
additional Claims to accept the Plan and not change or withdraw (or cause to be changed or 
withdrawn) any such vote. 
Section 4.04 The covenants and agreements of the Consenting Creditors in this 
Article 4 are several and not joint. 
Section 4.05 The Company Entities understand that the Consenting Creditors are 
engaged in a wide range of financial services and businesses, and, in furtherance of the foregoing, 
each Company Entity acknowledges and agrees that the obligations set forth in this Agreement 
shall only apply to the trading desk(s) and/or business group(s) of the Consenting Creditors that 
manage and/or supervise each Consenting Creditor’s investment in or Claim against the Company 
Entities and shall not apply to any other trading desk or business group of the Consenting Creditor, 
so long as it is not acting at the direction or for the benefit of such Consenting Creditor or unless 
it becomes party hereto.  It is further understood and agreed that the covenants, representations, 
and warranties in this Agreement by a Consenting Creditor that is the nominee, investment advisor, 
sub-advisor, or manager to funds and/or accounts that hold or beneficially hold Claims are made 
with respect to, and on behalf of, such funds and/or managed accounts and not such nominee, 
Case 25-90309   Document 14   Filed in TXSB on 08/20/25   Page 48 of 225

=== page 49 ===
18 
investment advisor, or manager in its individual capacity or any other affiliate of such nominee, 
investment advisor, or manager and, if applicable, are made severally (and not jointly) with respect 
to the funds and/or accounts managed by it. 
Section 4.06 Nothing in this Agreement shall (i) prohibit any Consenting 
Creditor from taking any action that is not in violation of this Agreement, (ii) prevent any 
Consenting Creditor from enforcing this Agreement or any Definitive Document or contesting 
whether any matter, fact or thing is a breach of, or is inconsistent with, this Agreement or any 
Definitive Document, (iii) be construed to limit any Consenting Creditor’s rights under any 
applicable note, other loan document, instrument, and/or applicable law, including the right to 
purchase, sell, or enter into any transactions regarding any Claim, subject to the terms hereof and 
any applicable agreements or law governing such Claim, (iv) constitute a waiver, amendment or 
modification of any term or provision of the First Lien Credit Agreement or the Second Lien 
Indenture, (v) constitute a termination or release of any liens on, or security interests in, any of the 
assets or properties of the Company Entities that secure the obligations under the relevant Claims, 
(vi) affect the ability of any Consenting Creditor to consult with any other Consenting Creditor, 
the Company Entities, or any other party in interest in the Chapter 11 Cases (including any other 
official committee or the United States Trustee) so long as such consultation does not violate such 
Consenting Creditor’s support obligations set forth herein, any applicable Confidentiality 
Agreement, or applicable law, including the Bankruptcy Code, (vii) impair or waive the rights of 
any Consenting Creditor to assert or raise any objection in any court having jurisdiction over the 
Company Entities or the Restructuring to the extent such action is consistent with this Agreement, 
(viii) prohibit any Consenting Creditor from appearing as a party in interest in any matter to be 
adjudicated in the Chapter 11 Cases, so long as such appearance and any positions advocated in 
connection therewith are not in violation of this Agreement and are not for the purpose of delaying, 
interfering, impeding, or taking any other action to delay, interfere, or impede, directly or 
indirectly, the Restructuring Term Sheet, the Plan or the Restructuring contemplated thereby, 
(ix) prevent any Consenting Creditor from taking any action that is required by applicable law, 
(x) require any Consenting Creditor to take any action that is prohibited by applicable law or to 
waive or forego the benefit of any applicable legal privilege, (xi) require any Consenting Creditor 
to incur, assume, become liable in respect of or suffer to exist any expenses, liabilities, or other 
obligations, or agree to or become bound by any commitments, undertakings, concessions, 
indemnities, or other arrangements that could result in expenses, liabilities, or other obligations to 
such Consenting Creditor, or (xii) require any Consenting Creditor to fund or commit to fund any 
additional amounts (other than as agreed in connection with the DIP Facility) without such 
Consenting Creditor’s written consent. 
Section 4.07 Forbearance. 
(a) 
Subject to any rights or remedies granted to the Consenting Creditors 
pursuant to this Agreement, the Definitive Documents, including the DIP Documents, or any order 
of the Bankruptcy Court, during the Support Period, the Consenting Creditors agree to forebear 
from exercising (and agree to direct any agent or trustee to forbear from exercising) any rights or 
remedies they may have under the Prepetition Funded Debt Documents (whether under U.S. or 
non-U.S. law) with respect to any breaches, defaults, events of default or potential defaults by the 
Company Entities (including any such breaches, defaults, events of default, or potential defaults 
resulting from any maturities occurring during the Support Period).  Each Consenting Creditor 
Case 25-90309   Document 14   Filed in TXSB on 08/20/25   Page 49 of 225

=== page 50 ===
19 
agrees that this Agreement constitutes a direction to the First Lien Agent and the Second Lien 
Trustee to refrain, during the Support Period, from exercising any remedy available or power 
conferred to the First Lien Agent or Second Lien Trustee against the Company Entities or any 
subsidiaries or any of their assets except as necessary to effectuate the Restructuring.   
(b) 
Except to the extent provided or expressly contemplated under this 
Agreement or any Definitive Documents, including the DIP Documents, each Consenting Creditor 
further agrees that if any applicable administrative agent, collateral agent, or indenture trustee takes 
any action inconsistent with any such Consenting Creditor’s obligations under this Section 4.07, 
such Consenting Creditor shall use commercially reasonable efforts to direct and cause such 
administrative agent, collateral agent, or indenture trustee (as applicable) to cease and refrain from 
taking such actions.  For the avoidance of doubt, the foregoing forbearance shall not be construed 
to impair the ability of the Consenting Creditors to take any remedial action, subject to the terms 
of the Prepetition Funded Debt Documents or otherwise, as applicable, at any time from and after 
the Termination Date (unless the Termination Date occurs solely as a result of the occurrence of 
the Effective Date). 
5. 
Agreements of the Company Entities. 
Section 5.01 Subject to the terms of this Agreement (including Section 6.01) and 
the Definitive Documents, the Company Entities hereby covenant and agree during the Support 
Period: 
(a) 
to (i) take any and all actions reasonably necessary to implement and 
consummate the Restructuring in accordance with the terms and conditions set forth in this 
Agreement and the Restructuring Term Sheet, and (ii) pursue any necessary or appropriate federal, 
state, and local regulatory or governmental approvals to enable confirmation of the Plan and 
consummation of the Restructuring, including approvals from the Bankruptcy Court and/or any 
Governmental Unit whose approval or consent is determined by the Company Entities and/or the 
applicable Required Consenting Creditors to be necessary or appropriate to consummate the 
Restructuring; 
(b) 
to (i) prepare or cause to be prepared the Definitive Documents (including 
all relevant motions, applications, orders, agreements and other documents) each of which shall 
be consistent with this Agreement and shall be in form and substance acceptable to the Required 
Consenting First Lien Lenders and the Company Entities, (ii) provide draft copies of all material 
motions, orders, other pleadings, documents and/or applications relating to the Restructuring or 
that the Company Entities intends to file with the Bankruptcy Court, including the Plan, the 
Disclosure Statement, any proposed amended version of the Plan or Disclosure Statement, all First 
Day Pleadings, all First Day Orders, the DIP Documents, any other Definitive Document, and/or 
any responses or oppositions that the Company Entities intend to file or submit, to the First Lien 
Agent and Consenting Creditor Counsel, as soon as reasonably practicable before the filing, 
execution, distribution or use (as applicable) of such document, and consult in good faith with the 
First Lien Agent and Consenting Creditor Counsel, regarding the form and substance of any of the 
foregoing documents in advance of such proposed filing, execution, distribution or use (as 
applicable), but in no event less than two (2) Business Days prior to such filing, execution, 
distribution or use (as applicable); provided that each such document shall be consistent in all 
Case 25-90309   Document 14   Filed in TXSB on 08/20/25   Page 50 of 225

=== page 51 ===
20 
material respects with this Agreement and such other terms and conditions as are acceptable to 
Required Consenting First Lien Lenders and the Company Entities; provided, further, that the 
foregoing shall not apply to any retention applications, fee applications, or related declarations 
hired by the Company Entities’ Advisors; 
(c) 
if applicable, to use commercially reasonable efforts to obtain, or assist the 
Consenting Creditors in obtaining, any and all required governmental, regulatory and/or third-
party approvals (including Bankruptcy Court approvals) to effectuate the Restructuring on the 
terms contemplated by this Agreement and the Plan; 
(d) 
in connection with the Chapter 11 Cases, to timely file with the Bankruptcy 
Court a written objection to any motion filed with the Bankruptcy Court by any Entity seeking the 
entry of an order (i) directing the appointment of an examiner with enlarged powers relating to the 
operation of the Company Entities’ business (powers beyond those set forth in section 1106(a)(3) 
and (4) of the Bankruptcy Code), (ii) converting any of the Chapter 11 Cases to cases under chapter 
7 of the Bankruptcy Code, (iii) dismissing any of the Chapter 11 Cases, (iv) for relief that (y) is 
materially inconsistent with this Agreement or (z) would frustrate the purposes of this Agreement, 
including by preventing consummation of the Restructuring, or (v) modifying or terminating the 
Company Entities’ exclusive right to file and/or solicit acceptances of a plan of reorganization 
(except if such relief is granted pursuant to a motion filed with the consent of the Required 
Consenting First Lien Lenders); 
(e) 
except as otherwise provided in this Agreement or any order of the 
Bankruptcy Court, to operate the business of the Company Entities and its direct and indirect 
subsidiaries in the ordinary course in a manner that is consistent with this Agreement, the most 
current business plan provided to the Initial Consenting First Lien Lenders and the Initial 
Consenting Second Lien Noteholders, past practices, and, except as expressly contemplated or 
provided in this Agreement, use commercially reasonable efforts to preserve intact the Company 
Entities’ business organization and relationship with third parties (including lessors, licensors, 
suppliers, distributors and customers) and employees; 
(f) 
that regardless of whether the Restructuring is consummated, the Company 
Entities shall promptly pay in full and in Cash all Restructuring Fees and Expenses when incurred 
and invoiced in accordance with this Agreement, the relevant engagement letters and/or fee 
arrangements, and shall continue to pay such amounts as they come due, and otherwise in 
accordance with this Agreement, the applicable engagement letters and/or fee arrangements 
(including under any DIP Order) of the First Lien Agent and Consenting Creditor Advisors (and 
not terminate such engagement letters and/or fee arrangements or seek to reject them in the Chapter 
11 Cases); 
(g) 
to promptly notify the Consenting Creditors, in writing, of any material 
governmental or third-party complaints, litigations, investigations, or hearings (or communications 
indicating that the same may be contemplated or threatened); 
(h) 
to timely file a formal written response in opposition to, or take all 
appropriate actions to oppose (if circumstances do not allow for the filing of a formal written 
Case 25-90309   Document 14   Filed in TXSB on 08/20/25   Page 51 of 225

=== page 52 ===
21 
response), any objection filed with the Bankruptcy Court by any Entity with respect to the entry 
of the Interim DIP Order and/or Final DIP Order;  
(i) 
to use commercially reasonable efforts to cause each of the Milestones to 
be satisfied; and 
(j) 
to not directly or indirectly take any action that would be inconsistent with 
this Agreement, the Definitive Documents, or interfere with the Restructuring (including 
encouraging another person to undertake any action prohibited by this Agreement or the Definitive 
Documents). 
Section 5.02 Subject to Section 6.01, the Company Entities covenant and agree 
that, during the Support Period, each of the Company Entities shall not directly or indirectly: 
(a) 
through any Entity, (i) seek or solicit any Alternative Restructuring, or 
(ii) object to or take any other action that is inconsistent with or that would reasonably be expected 
to prevent, interfere with, delay, or impede the Solicitation, approval of, and entry of orders 
regarding the Definitive Documents, or the confirmation and consummation of the Plan and the 
Restructuring (including by filing any motion, pleading, or other document with the Bankruptcy 
Court or any other court that is inconsistent with this Agreement, the Plan or any of the other 
Definitive Documents); 
(b) 
amend or modify any of the Definitive Documents in a manner that is 
inconsistent with any such document, this Agreement, or the Plan; 
(c) 
without prior written consent of the Required Consenting First Lien 
Lenders, consummate or enter into a definitive agreement evidencing any merger, consolidation, 
disposition of material assets, acquisition of material assets, or similar transaction, pay any 
dividend, or incur any indebtedness for borrowed money, in each case outside the ordinary course 
of business and other than as contemplated by the Plan, this Agreement, and the Restructuring 
(including incurrence of indebtedness in connection with the DIP Facility consistent with this 
Agreement and the DIP Documents); and 
(d) 
except, in each case, (i) to the extent reasonably necessary to consummate 
the Restructuring or (ii) otherwise to achieve tax efficiency (taking into account the tax and non-
tax considerations and the associated costs of the Company Entities and the Consenting First Lien 
Lenders), take any action or inaction that would cause a change to the tax classification, for United 
States federal income tax purposes, of any Company Entity; provided that any change to the tax 
classification for United States federal income tax purposes of any Company Entity pursuant to 
clause (ii) hereof shall be subject to the prior written consent of the Required Consenting First Lien 
Lenders. 
6. 
Additional Provisions Regarding Company Entities’ Commitments. 
Section 6.01 Notwithstanding anything to the contrary in this Agreement, nothing 
in this Agreement shall require a Company Entity or the board of directors, board of managers, or 
similar governing body of a Company Entity to take any action or to refrain from taking any action 
that is inconsistent with a Fiduciary Out Determination, written notice of which shall be given by 
Case 25-90309   Document 14   Filed in TXSB on 08/20/25   Page 52 of 225

=== page 53 ===
22 
the Company Entities to the Consenting Creditors (and the First Lien Agent and Consenting 
Creditor Counsel) by not less than one (1) Business Day after the date of such Fiduciary Out 
Determination (email among counsel being sufficient).  Upon written notice of a Fiduciary Out 
Determination, the Company Entities, the Required Consenting First Lien Lenders, or the Required 
Consenting Second Lien Noteholders may terminate this Agreement in accordance with Article 7 
hereof.  
Section 6.02 Notwithstanding anything to the contrary in this Agreement (but 
subject to Section 6.01), if the Company Entities receive a written or oral proposal or expression 
of interest from any Person or Entity regarding any Alternative Restructuring that their board of 
directors, board of managers, or similar governing body determines in good faith, upon the advice 
of outside counsel, that failure to take action would be inconsistent with the fiduciary duties, if 
any, of the members of such board or governing body under applicable law, the Company Entities 
shall have the right to: (i) consider, respond to, facilitate, discuss, negotiate, support, or otherwise 
pursue such Alternative Restructuring, (ii) provide access to non-public information concerning 
the Company Entities to any Person or Entity and enter into any confidentiality agreement with 
such Person or Entity in connection therewith, and (iii) otherwise cooperate with, assist, or 
participate in any inquiries, proposals, discussions, or negotiations of such Alternative 
Restructuring provided, however the Company Entities shall (i) notify (including delivering a 
summary notice of material terms of any Alternative Restructuring proposal reasonably necessary 
to inform the Required Consenting Creditors) the Required Consenting Creditors and the First 
Lien Agent and Consenting Creditor Counsel of any of the actions set forth in this Section 6.02 
within two (2) Business Days; provided that to the extent any Company Entity is bound by a 
confidentiality agreement with the party providing the Alternative Restructuring proposal, such 
Company Entity shall ensure that such confidentiality agreement does not prohibit the Company 
Entities from disclosing the terms of the Alternative Restructuring in accordance with its 
obligations hereunder; (ii) respond promptly to information requests and questions from the First 
Lien Agent and Consenting Creditor Advisors with respect to any of the actions set forth in this 
Section 6.02; and (iii) keep the First Lien Agent and Consenting Creditor Advisors reasonably 
informed with respect to any amendments, modifications, or other changes to, or any further 
developments of, any such Alternative Restructuring, in any such case as is necessary to keep such 
counsel reasonably informed as to the status and substance of such discussions, negotiations, 
amendments, modifications, changes, and/or developments. 
Section 6.03 Nothing in this Agreement shall:  (i) impair or waive the rights of 
the Company Entities to assert or raise any objection permitted under this Agreement in connection 
with the Restructuring; or (ii) prevent the Company Entities from enforcing this Agreement or 
contesting whether any matter, fact, or thing is a breach of, or is inconsistent with, this Agreement. 
7. 
Termination of Agreement. 
Section 7.01 Generally.  
(a) 
This Agreement will automatically terminate upon the Effective Date (as to 
all Parties). 
Case 25-90309   Document 14   Filed in TXSB on 08/20/25   Page 53 of 225

=== page 54 ===
23 
(b) 
This Agreement will terminate, unless cured in accordance with this 
Agreement, three (3) Business Days following the receipt of written notice (the “Notice Period”), 
delivered in accordance with Article 22 hereof, to the other Parties (as applicable) from (i) the 
Required Consenting First Lien Lenders, at any time after the occurrence of any Consenting First 
Lien Lender Termination Event, (ii) the Required Consenting Second Lien Noteholders, who may 
only terminate this Agreement as to the Consenting Second Lien Noteholders, at any time after the 
occurrence of any Consenting Second Lien Noteholder Termination Event, or (iii) the Company 
Entities at any time after the occurrence of any Company Entity Termination Event.  No Party may 
terminate this Agreement based on a Consenting First Lien Lender Termination Event, Consenting 
Second Lien Noteholder Termination Event, or Company Entity Termination Event, as applicable, 
caused (directly or indirectly) by such Party’s failure to perform or comply in all material respects 
with the terms and conditions of this Agreement (including the failure to meet a Milestone, which 
has not been waived or extended) unless such failure to perform or comply arises as a result of 
another Party’s prior failure to perform or comply in all material respects with the terms and 
conditions of this Agreement (including the failure to meet a Milestone, which has not been waived 
or extended).  For the avoidance of doubt, termination of this Agreement by the Required 
Consenting Second Lien Noteholders shall not terminate this Agreement as between the 
Consenting First Lien Lenders and the Company Entities.  
(c) 
Each of the dates and time periods referenced in: (i) Section 7.02 may be 
extended by notice from, and with the consent of, the Required Consenting First Lien Lenders to 
the other Parties; (ii) Section 7.03 may be extended by notice from, and with the consent of, the 
Required Consenting Second Lien Noteholders to the other Parties; and (iii) Section 7.04 may be 
extended by notice from, and with the consent of, the Company Entities to the other Parties.  Notice 
provided in accordance with this Section 7.01(c) may be provided to the other Parties by electronic 
mail from and to the respective counsel to the Parties. 
Section 7.02 A “Consenting First Lien Lender Termination Event” will mean 
any of the following: 
(a) 
the Company Entities withdraw or modify the Plan or Disclosure Statement 
or file any motion or pleading with the Bankruptcy Court that is materially inconsistent with this 
Agreement or the Plan and such withdrawal, modification, motion, or pleading has not been 
revoked before five (5) Business Days after the Company Entities receive written notice (email 
among counsel being sufficient) from the Required Consenting First Lien Lenders that such 
withdrawal, modification, motion, or pleading is inconsistent with this Agreement or the Plan; 
(b) 
the breach in any material respect by the Company Entities of any of the 
representations, warranties, covenants, or other obligations of the Company Entities set forth in 
this Agreement, which breach has not been cured within five (5) Business Days of written notice 
from the Required Consenting First Lien Lenders of such breach; 
(c) 
if the Company Entities give notice of termination of this Agreement 
pursuant to this Article 7 which is not cured within the required period; 
(d) 
the issuance by any Governmental Unit, including any regulatory authority 
or court of competent jurisdiction, of any final ruling, judgment or non-appealable order enjoining 
Case 25-90309   Document 14   Filed in TXSB on 08/20/25   Page 54 of 225

=== page 55 ===
24 
the consummation of or rendering illegal the Restructuring, and such ruling, judgment or order has 
not been reversed or vacated by the later of (i) the Confirmation Date and (ii) seven (7) Business 
Days after such issuance; 
(e) 
the failure to meet a Milestone, which has not been waived or extended by 
the Required Consenting First Lien Lenders; 
(f) 
the occurrence of an “Event of Default” (as defined in the DIP Credit 
Agreement) under the DIP Credit Agreement that has not been cured (if susceptible to cure) or 
waived in accordance therewith; 
(g) 
the failure by one or more of the Company Parties to pay the Restructuring 
Fees and Expenses in accordance with the terms of this Agreement;  
(h) 
the Bankruptcy Court or a court of competent jurisdiction enters an order 
(i) converting the Chapter 11 Cases to cases under chapter 7 of the Bankruptcy Code, 
(ii) dismissing the Chapter 11 Cases, (iii) appointing an examiner with expanded powers (beyond 
those set forth in sections 1106(a)(3) and (4) of the Bankruptcy Code) or a trustee for the Chapter 
11 Cases, which order in each case has not been reversed, stayed, or vacated by the earlier of 
(A) the Confirmation Date and (B) five (5) Business Days after the Required Consenting First Lien 
Lenders provide written notice to the other Parties that such order is inconsistent with this 
Agreement or (iv) establishing any official committee of equityholders of ModivCare; 
(i) 
(x) any Company Entity (i) files any motion seeking to avoid, disallow, 
subordinate, invalidate, limit or recharacterize, in any respect, any First Lien Claim or interest 
arising under the First Lien Credit Agreement, or (ii) supports any application, adversary 
proceeding, or Cause of Action referred to in the immediately preceding clause (i) filed by a third 
party, or consents to the standing of any such third party to bring such application, adversary 
proceeding, or Cause of Action; or (y) the entry of an order by a court of competent jurisdiction 
avoiding, disallowing, subordinating, invalidating, limiting or recharacterizing, in any respect, any 
First Lien Claim or interest arising under the First Lien Credit Agreement.  
(j) 
a filing by any Company Entity of any Definitive Document, motion, or 
pleading with the Bankruptcy Court that is inconsistent with this Agreement, and such filing is not 
withdrawn within five (5) Business Days following written notice thereof (email among counsel 
being sufficient) to the Company Entities by the Required Consenting First Lien Lenders (or, in 
the case of a motion that has already been approved by an order of the Bankruptcy Court, such 
order is not stayed, reversed, or vacated within seven (7) Business Days following the entry of 
such order); 
(k) 
the Bankruptcy Court grants relief terminating, annulling, or modifying the 
automatic stay (as set forth in section 362 of the Bankruptcy Code) with regard to any assets of the 
Company Entities having an aggregate fair market value in excess of $1,000,000 and such order 
materially and adversely affects the Company Entities’ ability to operate their business in the 
ordinary course or to consummate the Restructuring; 
Case 25-90309   Document 14   Filed in TXSB on 08/20/25   Page 55 of 225

=== page 56 ===
25 
(l) 
the Bankruptcy Court enters an order terminating the Company Entities’ 
exclusive right to file and solicit acceptances of a chapter 11 plan; unless such relief is granted 
pursuant to a motion filed with the consent of the Required Consenting First Lien Lenders; 
(m) 
other than the Chapter 11 Cases, if any Company Entity, without the consent 
of the Required Consenting First Lien Lenders, (i) voluntarily commences any Restructuring 
Proceeding with respect to any Company Entity or for a substantial part of any Company Entity’s 
assets, except as contemplated by this Agreement, (ii) consents to the institution of, or (subject to 
professional responsibilities) fails to contest in a timely manner, any involuntary proceeding or 
petition described in the preceding clause (i), or (iii) makes a general assignment or arrangement 
for the benefit of creditors; or 
(n) 
the Company Entities inform the Consenting First Lien Lenders of a 
Fiduciary Out Determination, upon occurrence of which, the Required Consenting First Lien 
Lenders may terminate this Agreement as it relates to the Consenting First Lien Lenders and their 
obligations hereunder. 
Section 7.03 A “Consenting Second Lien Noteholder Termination Event” will 
mean any of the following: 
(a) 
the breach in any material respect by the Company Entities of any of the 
representations, warranties, covenants, or other obligations of the Company Entities set forth in 
this Agreement, which breach has not been cured within five (5) Business Days of written notice 
from the Required Consenting Second Lien Noteholders of such breach; 
(b) 
if the Company Entities give notice of termination of this Agreement 
pursuant to this Article 7 which is not cured within the required period;  
(c) 
the Bankruptcy Court or a court of competent jurisdiction enters an order 
(i) converting the Chapter 11 Cases to cases under chapter 7 of the Bankruptcy Code, 
(ii) dismissing the Chapter 11 Cases, or (iii) appointing an examiner with expanded powers 
(beyond those set forth in sections 1106(a)(3) and (4) of the Bankruptcy Code) or a trustee for the 
Chapter 11 Cases, which order in each case has not been reversed, stayed, or vacated by the later 
of (A) the Confirmation Date and (B) five (5) Business Days after the Required Consenting Second 
Lien Noteholders provide written notice to the other Parties that such order is inconsistent with 
this Agreement; 
(d) 
(x) any Company Entity (i) files any motion seeking to avoid, disallow, 
subordinate, invalidate, limit or recharacterize, in any respect, any Second Lien Claim or interest 
relating to any of the Second Lien Notes, or (ii) supports any application, adversary proceeding, 
or Cause of Action referred to in the immediately preceding clause (i) filed by a third party, or 
consents to the standing of any such third party to bring such application, adversary proceeding, 
or Cause of Action; or (y) the entry of an order by a court of competent jurisdiction avoiding, 
disallowing, subordinating, invalidating, limiting, or recharacterizing, in any respect, any Second 
Lien Claim or interest relating to the Second Lien Indenture or arising under the Second Lien 
Notes; 
Case 25-90309   Document 14   Filed in TXSB on 08/20/25   Page 56 of 225

=== page 57 ===
26 
(e) 
other than the Chapter 11 Cases, if any Company Entity, without the consent 
of the Required Consenting Second Lien Noteholders, (i) voluntarily commences any 
Restructuring Proceeding with respect to any Company Entity or for a substantial part of any 
Company Entity’s assets, except as contemplated by this Agreement, (ii) consents to the institution 
of, or (subject to professional responsibilities) fails to contest in a timely manner, any involuntary 
proceeding or petition described in the preceding clause (i), or (iii) makes a general assignment or 
arrangement for the benefit of creditors; or 
(f) 
the Company Entities inform the Consenting Second Lien Noteholders of a 
Fiduciary Out Determination, upon occurrence of which, the Required Consenting Second Lien 
Noteholders may terminate this Agreement as it relates to the Consenting Second Lien Noteholders 
and their obligations hereunder. 
Section 7.04 A “Company Entity Termination Event” will mean any of the 
following: 
(a) 
the Consenting Creditors entitled to vote on the Plan will have failed to 
timely vote their Claims against the Company Entities in favor of the Plan or at any time change 
their votes to constitute rejections to the Plan, in either case in a manner inconsistent with this 
Agreement; provided that this termination event will not apply if sufficient Consenting Creditors 
have timely voted (and not withdrawn) their Claims to accept the Plan in amounts necessary for 
each applicable impaired class under the Plan to “accept” the Plan consistent with section 1126 of 
the Bankruptcy Code; 
(b) 
if, as of 11:59 p.m. prevailing Eastern Time on August 20, 2025, the Support 
Effective Date has not occurred; 
(c) 
the breach in any material respect by the Consenting Creditors of any of the 
representations, warranties, undertakings, commitments, or covenants of the Consenting Creditors 
that remains uncured for a period of five (5) Business Days after receipt by the Consenting 
Creditors of notice of such breach; 
(d) 
the Company Entities provide written notice to the Consenting Creditors 
that a Fiduciary Out Determination has been made, or the board of directors, board of managers, 
or such similar governing body of any Company Entities determines pursuant to Section 6.02, in 
the exercise of its fiduciary duties, to pursue an Alternative Restructuring;   
(e) 
if the Required Consenting First Lien Lenders give notice of termination of 
this Agreement pursuant to this Article 7 which is not cured within the required period; 
(f) 
the issuance by any Governmental Unit, including any regulatory authority 
or court of competent jurisdiction, of any ruling, judgment or order enjoining the consummation 
of or rendering illegal the Restructuring, and such ruling, judgment or order has not been reversed 
or vacated by the later of (i) the Confirmation Date and (ii) ten (10) Business Days after the 
Company Entities provide written notice to the other Parties that such ruling, judgment, or order 
is materially inconsistent with this Agreement;  
Case 25-90309   Document 14   Filed in TXSB on 08/20/25   Page 57 of 225

=== page 58 ===
27 
(g) 
a filing by any Consenting Creditor of any Definitive Document, motion, or 
pleading with the Bankruptcy Court that is inconsistent with this Agreement, and such filing is not 
withdrawn within three (3) Business Days following written notice thereof (email among counsel 
being sufficient) to the Consenting Creditors by the Company Entities (or, in the case of a motion 
that has already been approved by an order of the Bankruptcy Court, such order is not stayed, 
reversed, or vacated within seven (7) Business Days following the entry of such order); 
(h) 
the Bankruptcy Court or a court of competent jurisdiction enters an order 
(i) converting the Chapter 11 Cases to cases under chapter 7 of the Bankruptcy Code, 
(ii) dismissing the Chapter 11 Cases, or (iii) appointing an examiner with expanded powers 
(beyond those set forth in sections 1106(a)(3) and (4) of the Bankruptcy Code) or a trustee for the 
Chapter 11 Cases, which order in each case has not been reversed, stayed, or vacated by the later 
of (A) the Confirmation Date and (B) seven (7) Business Days after the Company Entities provide 
written notice to the other Parties that such order is materially inconsistent with this Agreement. 
Section 7.05 Mutual Termination.  This Agreement may be terminated by mutual 
written agreement of the Company Entities, the Required Consenting First Lien Lenders, and the 
Required Consenting Second Lien Lenders.  The Company Entities will deliver written notice of 
any such termination to all Parties in accordance with Article 22 hereof. 
Section 7.06 Effect of Termination.  Upon the termination of this Agreement in 
accordance with this Article 7 as to a Party, this Agreement will be void and of no further force or 
effect and each Party subject to such termination will, except as provided in this Section 7.06 and 
in Article 16, be immediately released from its liabilities, obligations, commitments, undertakings 
and agreements under or related to this Agreement and will have all the rights and remedies that it 
would have had and will be entitled to take all actions, whether with respect to the Restructuring 
or otherwise, that it would have been entitled to take had it not entered into this Agreement, 
including all rights and remedies available to it under applicable law and the Prepetition Funded 
Debt Documents; provided that in no event will any such termination relieve a Party from liability 
for its breach or non-performance of its obligations hereunder before the date of such termination. 
Section 7.07 No Waiver.  If the Restructuring is not consummated, nothing herein 
shall be construed as a waiver by any Party of any or all of such Party’s rights, and the Parties 
expressly reserve any and all of their respective rights as if the Parties had not entered this 
Agreement.  Pursuant to Federal Rule of Evidence 408 and any other applicable rules of evidence, 
this Agreement and all negotiations relating hereto shall not be admissible into evidence in any 
proceeding other than a proceeding to enforce the Agreement’s terms. 
8. 
Additional Documents.  Each Party hereby covenants and agrees to cooperate with each 
other in good faith in connection with, and will exercise commercially reasonable efforts with 
respect to, the negotiation, drafting and execution and delivery of the Definitive Documents subject 
to the consent rights otherwise contained in this Agreement.  Notwithstanding anything herein to 
the contrary, nothing herein shall require any Initial Consenting First Lien Lender or Initial 
Case 25-90309   Document 14   Filed in TXSB on 08/20/25   Page 58 of 225

=== page 59 ===
28 
Consenting Second Lien Noteholder to provide any information that it determines, in its sole 
discretion, to be sensitive or confidential. 
9. 
Inconsistency of Terms.  In the event there is any inconsistency between the terms of the 
Restructuring Term Sheet and this Agreement (excluding the Restructuring Term Sheet), the terms 
of the Restructuring Term Sheet shall prevail. 
10. 
Representations and Warranties. 
Section 10.01 Each Party, severally (and not jointly), represents and warrants to 
the other Parties that the following statements are true, correct and complete as of the date hereof 
(or such later date that such Party first becomes bound by this Agreement) and solely with respect 
to the Company Entities, subject to any limitations or approvals arising from or required by the 
commencement of the Chapter 11 Cases: 
(a) 
such Party is validly existing and in good standing under the laws of its 
jurisdiction of incorporation or organization, and has all requisite corporate, partnership, limited 
liability company or similar authority to enter into this Agreement and carry out the transactions 
contemplated hereby and perform its obligations contemplated hereunder; and the execution and 
delivery of this Agreement and the performance of such Party’s obligations hereunder have been 
duly authorized by all necessary corporate, limited liability company, partnership or other similar 
action on its part; 
(b) 
the execution, delivery and performance by such Party of this Agreement 
does not and shall not (i) violate any provision of law, rule or regulation applicable to it or its 
charter or bylaws (or other similar governing documents), or (ii) conflict with, result in a breach 
of or constitute a default under (with or without notice or lapse of time or both) any material 
contractual obligation to which it is a party or it or its assets are bound, in each case, other than 
any such violation, conflict, breach or default with respect to which a waiver has been obtained 
prior to the Support Effective Date and which waiver has not been subsequently revoked; 
(c) 
the execution, delivery and performance by such Party of this Agreement 
does not and will not require any registration or filing with, consent or approval of, or notice to, or 
other action to, with or by, any federal, state or governmental authority or regulatory body, except 
(i) such filings that may be reasonably necessary in connection with the Chapter 11 Cases, 
(ii) filings that ModivCare is required to make with the U.S. Securities and Exchange Commission 
(the “SEC”), and (iii) such filings as may be necessary or required for disclosure to any applicable 
regulatory body or Governmental Unit whose approval or consent is determined by the Company 
Entities to be necessary to consummate the Restructuring; and 
(d) 
this Agreement is the legally valid and binding obligation of such Party, 
enforceable in accordance with its terms, except as enforcement may be limited by bankruptcy, 
insolvency, reorganization, moratorium or other similar laws relating to or limiting creditors’ 
rights generally or by equitable principles relating to enforceability or a ruling of a court. 
Section 10.02 Each Consenting Creditor severally (and not jointly), represents and 
warrants to the other Parties that as of the date hereof (or such later date that such Party first 
becomes bound by this Agreement), such Consenting Creditor: 
Case 25-90309   Document 14   Filed in TXSB on 08/20/25   Page 59 of 225

=== page 60 ===
29 
(a) 
is not a Qualified Marketmaker with respect to the First Lien Claims or 
Second Lien Claims (as applicable) set forth below its name on its signature page to this 
Agreement; and 
(b) 
(i) is the beneficial owner of the Claims set forth below its name on the 
applicable signature page of this Agreement, (ii) has, with respect to such beneficial ownership of 
such Claims (or upon the return of any Loaned Claims (as defined below), will have), (A) sole 
investment or voting discretion with respect to such Claims, (B) full power and authority to vote 
on and consent to matters concerning such Claims, and (C) full power and authority to bind or act 
on the behalf of, the beneficial owners of such Claims; or (iii) to the extent it has loaned or 
transferred any Claims to any third-party on a temporary basis pursuant to any loan or repurchase 
agreement (any such Claims, the “Loaned Claims”), it has recalled any Loaned Claims to the 
extent possible, and will use commercially reasonable efforts to beneficially own any such Loaned 
Claims as soon as reasonably practicable), and, having made reasonable inquiry, is not the 
beneficial or record owner or the nominee, investment manager, advisor or sub-advisor for a 
beneficial or record owner of any Claims other than those reflected in, such Consenting Creditor’s 
signature page to this Agreement or a Joinder Agreement, as applicable (as may be updated).  
(c) 
For the avoidance of doubt and notwithstanding anything in this Agreement 
to the contrary, any Consenting Creditor’s inability to vote, consent, or take any other action with 
respect to Loaned Claims shall not be a breach or default of such Consenting Creditor’s obligations 
under this Agreement or any Definitive Document. 
11. 
Disclosure; Publicity. 
Section 11.01 The Company Entities shall submit drafts to the First Lien Agent 
and Consenting Creditor Counsel of any press releases, public filings, public announcements, other 
public documents (including any and all filings with the SEC) or other communications with any 
news media or to be filed with the SEC, in each case, to be made by the Company Entities relating 
to this Agreement (or the transactions contemplated hereby) or that constitute disclosure of the 
existence or terms of this Agreement or any amendment to the terms of this Agreement at least 
one (1) Business Day, or as soon as reasonably practicable, before making any such disclosure or 
filing and shall afford them a reasonable opportunity to comment on such documents and 
disclosures, and shall consider any such reasonable comments in good faith.   
Section 11.02 Except as required by law (or as requested by any regulatory or self-
regulatory authority consistent with ordinary business practice and to the extent not specifically 
related to the Company Entities or in connection with the Restructuring) or otherwise permitted 
under the terms of any other agreement between the Company Entities and the applicable 
Consenting Creditors, no Party or its advisors will disclose to any Person, other than to Company 
Entities’ Counsel (which shall not disclose any Consenting Creditor’s individual holdings absent 
such Consenting Creditor’s express prior written consent), the principal amount or percentage of 
any First Lien Claims and/or Second Lien Claims, or any other securities of ModivCare held by 
any Consenting Creditor, in each case, without the Consenting Creditor’s prior written consent; 
provided that (i) if such disclosure is required by law, subpoena, or other legal process or 
regulation, to the extent permitted by applicable law, the disclosing Party will afford the applicable 
Consenting Creditor a reasonable opportunity to review and comment in advance of such 
Case 25-90309   Document 14   Filed in TXSB on 08/20/25   Page 60 of 225

=== page 61 ===
30 
disclosure and will take all reasonable measures to limit such disclosure to the extent required by 
such law, subpoena or other legal process or regulation, and (ii) the foregoing shall not prohibit 
the disclosure of the aggregate percentage or aggregate principal amount of the First Lien Claims 
and/or Second Lien Notes held by all the Consenting Creditors collectively.  Any public filing of 
this Agreement, with the Bankruptcy Court or otherwise, which includes executed signature pages 
to this Agreement shall include such signature pages only in redacted form with respect to the 
holdings of each Consenting Creditor (provided that the holdings disclosed in such signature pages 
may be filed in unredacted form with the Bankruptcy Court under seal). 
12. 
Amendments and Waivers.  Except as otherwise expressly set forth herein, this 
Agreement, including the exhibits hereto, may not be waived, modified, amended or supplemented 
except in a writing signed by the (i) Company Entities and the (ii) Required Consenting First Lien 
Lenders.  Notwithstanding anything herein to the contrary, for the avoidance of doubt, (A) no 
amendment, modification, waiver, or supplement of the definition of “Required Consenting 
Creditors” shall be effective without the consent of each Consenting Creditor; provided, however, 
that such Consenting Creditor is not in material breach of this Agreement; (B) no amendment, 
modification, waiver, or supplement of the definition of “Required Consenting First Lien Lenders” 
shall be effective without the consent of each Consenting First Lien Lender; provided, however, 
such Consenting First Lien Lender is not in material breach of this Agreement; (C) no amendment, 
modification, waiver, or supplement of the definition of “Required Consenting Second Lien 
Noteholders” shall be effective without the consent of each Consenting Second Lien Noteholder; 
provided, however, such Consenting Second Lien Noteholder is not in material breach of this 
Agreement; (D) no amendment modification, waiver, or supplement that would adversely and 
disproportionally impact the Consenting Second Lien Noteholders as to any other class of 
Consenting Creditors hereunder or adversely alter the treatment of the Second Lien Claims set 
forth in the Restructuring Term Sheet shall be effective without the prior written consent of (x) the 
Required Consenting Second Lien Noteholders and (y) each Consenting Second Lien Noteholder 
party hereto as of the Support Effective Date; (E) no amendment modification, waiver, or 
supplement that would beneficially impact the Consenting Second Lien Noteholders as to any 
other class of Consenting Creditors hereunder or beneficially alter the treatment of the Second 
Lien Claims set forth in the Restructuring Term Sheet shall be effective without the prior written 
consent of the Required Consenting First Lien Lenders determined without including any First 
Lien Claims held by any Consenting First Lien Lender that also holds Second Lien Claims with a 
face amount greater than 20% of the face amount of such Consenting First Lien Lender’s First 
Lien Claims; (F) no amendment modification, waiver, or supplement that would beneficially 
impact the Consenting Second Lien Noteholders as to any other class of Consenting Creditors 
hereunder or beneficially alter the treatment of the Second Lien Claims set forth in the 
Restructuring Term Sheet shall be effective without the prior written consent of the Required 
Consenting Second Lien Noteholders; (G) no amendment, modification, supplement or waiver 
which materially, adversely and disproportionately affects the Claims held by any Consenting First 
Lien Lender as compared to any other Consenting First Lien Lender shall be effective without the 
written consent of such Consenting First Lien Lender; (H) no amendment, modification, 
supplement or waiver which materially, adversely and disproportionately affects the Claims held 
by any Consenting Second Lien Noteholder as compared to any other Consenting Second Lien 
Noteholder shall be effective without the written consent of such Consenting Second Lien 
Case 25-90309   Document 14   Filed in TXSB on 08/20/25   Page 61 of 225

=== page 62 ===
31 
Noteholders; and (I) no amendment, modification, waiver, or supplement of this Article 12 shall 
be effective without the consent of each Consenting Creditor. 
13. 
Effectiveness.  This Agreement will become effective and binding (i) as to the Company 
Entities, Initial Consenting First Lien Lenders, and Initial Consenting Second Lien Noteholders on 
the Support Effective Date, (ii) as to any Consenting Creditor that enters into a Joinder Agreement 
on or following the Support Effective Date, upon delivery to the Company Entities and the 
Required Consenting Creditors of such validly completed Joinder Agreement; and (iii) as to any 
Permitted Transferee, upon delivery of a validly completed Joinder Agreement; provided, that 
signature pages executed by Consenting Creditors will be delivered to (A) the Company Entities, 
the other Consenting Creditors, and in a redacted form that removes such Consenting Creditor’s 
holdings of the First Lien Claims or Second Lien Claims and (B) the Company Entities’ Advisors 
in an unredacted form (to be held by the Company Entities’ Advisors on a professionals’ eyes only 
basis) and the First Lien Agent and Consenting Creditor Counsel (to be held by each such counsel 
on a professionals’ eyes only basis).   
14. 
Governing Law; Jurisdiction; Waiver of Jury Trial.  THIS AGREEMENT AND ANY 
DISPUTE, CLAIM, COUNTERCLAIM OR CAUSE OF ACTION (WHETHER IN TORT, 
CONTRACT OR OTHERWISE AND WHETHER AT LAW OR IN EQUITY) WILL BE 
GOVERNED BY AND CONSTRUED IN ACCORDANCE WITH THE INTERNAL LAWS 
OF THE STATE OF NEW YORK, WITHOUT REGARD TO ANY CONFLICTS OF LAW 
PROVISIONS WHICH WOULD REQUIRE THE APPLICATION OF THE LAW OF ANY 
OTHER JURISDICTION.  BY ITS EXECUTION AND DELIVERY OF THIS 
AGREEMENT, 
EACH 
OF 
THE 
PARTIES 
HEREBY 
IRREVOCABLY 
AND 
UNCONDITIONALLY 
AGREES 
THAT 
ANY 
LEGAL 
ACTION, 
SUIT 
OR 
PROCEEDING AGAINST IT (WHETHER IN TORT, CONTRACT OR OTHERWISE 
AND WHETHER AT LAW OR IN EQUITY) WITH RESPECT TO ANY MATTER 
UNDER OR ARISING OUT OF OR IN CONNECTION WITH THIS AGREEMENT, OR 
FOR RECOGNITION OR ENFORCEMENT OF ANY JUDGMENT RENDERED IN ANY 
SUCH ACTION, SUIT OR PROCEEDING, MAY BE BROUGHT IN ANY FEDERAL OR 
STATE COURT IN THE BOROUGH OF MANHATTAN IN THE CITY OF NEW YORK, 
AND BY EXECUTION AND DELIVERY OF THIS AGREEMENT, EACH OF THE 
PARTIES HEREBY IRREVOCABLY ACCEPTS AND SUBMITS ITSELF TO THE 
NONEXCLUSIVE JURISDICTION OF EACH SUCH COURT, GENERALLY AND 
UNCONDITIONALLY, WITH RESPECT TO ANY SUCH ACTION, SUIT OR 
PROCEEDING.  EACH PARTY HERETO IRREVOCABLY WAIVES ANY AND ALL 
RIGHT TO TRIAL BY JURY IN ANY LEGAL PROCEEDING ARISING OUT OF OR 
RELATING TO THIS AGREEMENT (WHETHER IN TORT, CONTRACT OR 
OTHERWISE AND WHETHER AT LAW OR IN EQUITY) OR THE RESTRUCTURING 
CONTEMPLATED HEREBY.  NOTWITHSTANDING THE FOREGOING, DURING 
THE 
PENDENCY 
OF 
THE 
CHAPTER 
11 
CASES, 
ALL 
PROCEEDINGS 
CONTEMPLATED BY THIS ARTICLE 14 SHALL BE BROUGHT IN THE 
BANKRUPTCY 
COURT 
AND, 
WITH 
RESPECT 
TO 
SUCH 
CLAIMS, 
(I) 
IRREVOCABLY SUBMITS TO THE EXCLUSIVE JURISDICTION OF THE 
BANKRUPTCY COURT, (II) WAIVES ANY OBJECTION TO LAYING VENUE IN ANY 
SUCH ACTION OR PROCEEDING IN THE BANKRUPTCY COURT, AND (III) 
WAIVES 
ANY 
OBJECTION 
THAT 
THE 
BANKRUPTCY 
COURT 
IS 
AN 
Case 25-90309   Document 14   Filed in TXSB on 08/20/25   Page 62 of 225

=== page 63 ===
32 
INCONVENIENT FORUM OR DOES NOT HAVE JURISDICTION OVER ANY PARTY 
HERETO. 
15. 
Remedies/Specific Performance.  All remedies that are available at law or in equity, 
including specific performance and injunctive or other equitable relief, to any Party for a breach 
of this Agreement by another Party shall be available to each non-breaching Party (and for the 
avoidance of doubt, it is agreed by the other Parties that money damages would not be a sufficient 
remedy for any breach of this Agreement by any Party and each non-breaching Party will be 
entitled to seek specific performance and injunctive or other equitable relief as a remedy of any 
such breach); provided that in connection with any remedy for specific performance, injunctive or 
other equitable relief asserted in connection with this Agreement, each Party agrees to waive the 
requirement for the securing or posting of a bond in connection with any remedy and to waive the 
necessity of proving the inadequacy of money damages.  All rights, powers, and remedies provided 
under this Agreement or otherwise available at law or in equity will be cumulative and not 
alternative, and the exercise of any remedy, power, or remedy by any Party will not preclude the 
simultaneous or later exercise of any other such right, power, or remedy by such Party or any other 
Person. 
16. 
Survival.  Notwithstanding the termination of this Agreement pursuant to Article 7 hereof, 
Section 7.07, Articles 9, 14, 15, 16, 17, 18, 19, 20, 21, 22, 23, 24, 25, and 26, (and, to the extent 
applicable to the interpretation of such surviving sections, Article 1) will survive such termination 
and will continue in full force and effect for the benefit of the Parties in accordance with the terms 
hereof. 
17. 
Headings.  The headings of the Articles, Sections, paragraphs and subsections of this 
Agreement are inserted for convenience only and will not affect the interpretation hereof or, for 
any purpose, be deemed a part of this Agreement. 
18. 
Successors and Assigns; Severability; Several Obligations.  This Agreement is intended 
to bind and inure to the benefit of the Parties and their respective successors and permitted assigns.  
The rights or obligations of any Party under this Agreement may not be assigned, delegated, or 
transferred to any other Person except as expressly permitted herein.  If any provision of this 
Agreement, or the application of any such provision to any person or circumstance, will be held 
invalid or unenforceable in whole or in part, such invalidity or unenforceability will attach only to 
such provision or part thereof and the remaining part of such provision hereof and this Agreement 
will continue in full force and effect so long as the economic or legal substance of the transactions 
contemplated hereby is not affected in any manner materially adverse to any Party.  Upon any such 
determination of invalidity, the Parties will negotiate in good faith to modify this Agreement so as 
to effect the original intent of the Parties as closely as possible in an acceptable manner in order 
that the transactions contemplated hereby are consummated as originally contemplated to the 
Case 25-90309   Document 14   Filed in TXSB on 08/20/25   Page 63 of 225

=== page 64 ===
33 
greatest extent possible.  The agreements, representations and obligations of the Parties are, in all 
respects, ratable and several and neither joint nor joint and several. 
19. 
No Third-Party Beneficiaries.  Unless expressly stated herein, this Agreement will be 
solely for the benefit of the Parties and no other person or entity will be a third-party beneficiary 
hereof or have any rights hereunder. 
20. 
Prior Negotiations; Entire Agreement.  This Agreement, including the exhibits and 
schedules hereto, constitutes the entire agreement of the Parties, and supersedes all other prior 
agreements and negotiations, with respect to the subject matter hereof, except that the Parties 
acknowledge that any Confidentiality Agreements or agreements with respect to shared or 
common interest heretofore executed between the Company Entities and any Consenting Creditor 
(or the First Lien Agent and Consenting Creditor Advisors) and any engagement letters and/or fee 
arrangements will continue in full force and effect in accordance with the terms thereof. 
21. 
Counterparts.  This Agreement may be executed in several counterparts, each of which 
will be deemed to be an original, and all of which together will be deemed to be one and the same 
agreement.  The words “execution,” “signed,” “signature,” and words of like import in this 
Agreement including any Joinder Agreement shall be deemed to include electronic signatures or 
electronic records, each of which shall be of the same legal effect, validity or enforceability as a 
manually executed signature or the use of a paper-based recordkeeping system, as the case may 
be, to the extent and as provided for in any applicable law, including the Federal Electronic 
Signatures in Global and National Commerce Act, the New York State Electronic Signatures and 
Records Act, or any other similar state laws based on the Uniform Electronic Transactions Act. 
22. 
Notices.  All notices hereunder will be deemed given if in writing and delivered, if 
contemporaneously sent by electronic mail, courier or by registered or certified mail (return receipt 
requested) to the following addresses and electronic mail addresses: 
(1) 
If to the Company Entities, to: 
ModivCare Inc. 
6900 E Layton Avenue, 12th Floor 
Denver, CO 80237 
Attention:  Faisal Khan, Esq. 
E-mail:  Faisal.Khan@modivcare.com 
with a copy (which shall not constitute notice) to: 
Latham & Watkins LLP  
1271 Avenue of the Americas  
New York, NY 10020 
Attention: Ray C. Schrock, Esq. (Ray.Schrock@lw.com) 
Keith Simon, Esq. (Keith.Simon@lw.com) 
George Klidonas, Esq. (George.Klidonas@lw.com) 
Jon Weichselbaum, Esq. (Jon.Weichselbaum@lw.com) 
Case 25-90309   Document 14   Filed in TXSB on 08/20/25   Page 64 of 225

=== page 65 ===
34 
(2) 
If to the Consenting Creditors, to the addresses or electronic mail addresses
set forth below the Consenting Creditor’s signature, with a copy (which shall not
constitute notice) to: 
Paul Hastings LLP 
200 Park Avenue  
New York, NY 10166 
Attention: Kris Hansen, Esq. (KrisHansen@paulhastings.com) 
and  
Paul Hastings LLP 
71 S. Wacker Drive 
Chicago, IL 60606 
Attention: Matt Warren, Esq. (MattWarren@paulhastings.com) 
Any notice given by delivery, mail, or courier will be effective when received.  Any notice 
given by electronic mail will be effective upon confirmation of transmission. 
23. 
Reservation of Rights; No Admission.  Except as expressly provided in this Agreement, 
nothing herein is intended to, or does, in any manner waive, limit, impair, or restrict the ability of 
each of the Parties (i) to protect and preserve its rights, remedies and interests, including its claims 
against any of the other Parties (or their respective affiliates or subsidiaries), (ii) purchase, sell, or 
enter into any transactions in connection with the First Lien Claims and/or Second Lien Claims, 
(iii) enforce any right under or with respect to the First Lien Credit Agreement and any related 
documents, the Second Lien Indenture and any related documents, any of the First Lien Claims 
and/or any of the Second Lien Claims, subject to the terms hereof, (iv) consult with other 
Consenting Creditors, other holders of First Lien Claims and/or Second Lien Claims, or any other 
Party regarding the Restructuring, or (v) enforce any right, remedy, condition, consent or approval 
requirement under this Agreement or in any of the Definitive Documents.  Without limiting the 
foregoing, if this Agreement is terminated in accordance with its terms for any reason (other than 
consummation of the Restructuring), the Parties each fully and expressly reserve any and all of 
their respective rights, remedies, claims, defenses and interests, subject to Articles 7, 14, and 15 in 
the case of any claim for breach of this Agreement arising before termination.  Each of the Parties 
denies any and all wrongdoing or liability of any kind and does not concede any infirmity in the 
claims or defenses which it has asserted or could assert. 
24. 
Relationship Among Parties.  It is understood and agreed that no Consenting Creditor has 
any fiduciary duty, any duty of trust or confidence of any kind or form, or any other duty or 
responsibility, to or with any other Consenting Creditor, any of the Company Entities, or any other 
creditor or interest holder of the Company Entities, and, except as expressly provided in this 
Agreement, there are no commitments between them as a result of this Agreement.  In this regard, 
it is understood and agreed that any Consenting Creditor may acquire First Lien Claims, Second 
Lien Claims, or other debt or equity securities of the Company Entities without the consent of the 
Company Entities or any other creditor, subject to applicable securities laws, the terms of this 
Agreement, and the terms of any applicable Confidentiality Agreement; provided that no 
Case 25-90309   Document 14   Filed in TXSB on 08/20/25   Page 65 of 225

=== page 66 ===
35 
Consenting Creditor will have any responsibility for any such acquisition to any other entity by 
virtue of this Agreement.   
25. 
No Solicitation; Representation by Counsel; Adequate Information. 
Section 25.01 This Agreement and the transactions contemplated herein are the 
product of negotiations among the Parties, together with their respective representatives.  
Notwithstanding anything herein to the contrary, this Agreement is not and shall not be deemed to 
be an offer with respect to any securities or solicitation of votes for the acceptance of a plan of 
reorganization for purposes of sections 1125 and 1126 of the Bankruptcy Code or otherwise. 
Section 25.02 Each Party acknowledges that it has had an opportunity to receive 
information from the Company Entities and that it has been represented by counsel in connection 
with this Agreement and the transactions contemplated hereby.  Accordingly, any rule of law or 
any legal decision that would provide any Party with a defense to the enforcement of the terms of 
this Agreement against such Party based upon lack of legal counsel will have no application and 
is expressly waived.  
Section 25.03 Each Initial Consenting Creditor (and, to the extent applicable, each 
other Consenting Creditor) acknowledges, agrees, and represents to the other Parties that it (i) is 
an “accredited investor” as such term is defined in Rule 501(a) of the Securities Act, (ii) is a 
“qualified institutional buyer” as such term is defined in Rule 144A of the Securities Act, 
(iii) understands that (A) any securities to be acquired by it pursuant to the Restructuring have not 
been registered under the Securities Act and (B) that some or all of such securities will be offered 
and sold pursuant to an exemption from registration contained in the Securities Act, based in part 
upon such Consenting Creditor’s representations contained in this Agreement and cannot be sold 
unless subsequently registered under the Securities Act or an exemption from registration is 
available, and (iv) has such knowledge and experience in financial and business matters that such 
Consenting Creditor is capable of evaluating the merits and risks of the securities to be acquired 
by it pursuant to the Restructuring and understands and is able to bear any economic risks with 
such investment. 
26. 
Restructuring Fees and Expenses.  Whether or not the transactions contemplated by this 
Agreement are consummated, the Company Entities hereby agree, on a joint and several basis, to 
pay in Cash the Restructuring Fees and Expenses as follows: (i) all accrued and unpaid 
Restructuring Fees and Expenses for which an invoice has been received by the Company Entities 
on or before the date that is two (2) days prior to the Support Effective Date shall be paid in full in 
Cash on the Support Effective Date; (ii) after the Support Effective Date and prior to the 
Termination Date, all accrued and unpaid Restructuring Fees and Expenses shall be paid in full in 
Cash by the Company Entities on a regular and continuing basis, in accordance with the terms of 
this Agreement, the applicable engagement letter or reimbursement letter and the provisions of the 
First Lien Credit Documents; (iii) upon termination of this Agreement, all accrued and unpaid 
Restructuring Fees and Expenses incurred up to (and including) the applicable Termination Date 
shall be paid under this Agreement, any engagement letters, or fee reimbursement letters and  the 
provisions of the First Lien Credit Documents, in full in Cash promptly (but in any event within 
five (5) Business Days); and (iv) on the Effective Date, all accrued and unpaid Restructuring Fees 
and Expenses of the First Lien Agent and Consenting Creditor Advisors through the Effective Date 
Case 25-90309   Document 14   Filed in TXSB on 08/20/25   Page 66 of 225

=== page 67 ===
36 
shall be paid under this Agreement, any engagement letters or fee reimbursement letters and the 
provisions of the First Lien Credit Documents, in full in Cash. 
27. 
Miscellaneous.  When a reference is made in this Agreement to an Article, Section, 
Exhibit, or Schedule, such reference shall be to an Article, Section, Exhibit, or Schedule, 
respectively, of or attached to this Agreement unless otherwise indicated.  Unless the context of 
this Agreement otherwise requires, (i) words using the singular or plural number also include the 
plural or singular number, respectively, (ii) the terms “hereof,” “herein,” “hereby,” and derivative 
or similar words refer to this entire Agreement, (iii) the words “include,” “includes,” and 
“including” when used herein shall be deemed in each case to be followed by the words “without 
limitation,” and (iv) the word “or” shall not be exclusive and shall be read to mean “and/or.”  The 
Parties agree that they have been represented by legal counsel during the negotiation and execution 
of this Agreement and, therefore, waive the application of any law, regulation, holding, or rule of 
construction providing that ambiguities in an agreement or other document shall be construed 
against the party drafting such agreement or document. 
Case 25-90309   Document 14   Filed in TXSB on 08/20/25   Page 67 of 225

=== page 68 ===
37 
IN WITNESS WHEREOF, the Parties hereto have caused this Agreement to be executed 
and delivered by their respective duly authorized officers, solely in their respective capacity as 
officers of the undersigned and not in any other capacity, as of the date first set forth above. 
Case 25-90309   Document 14   Filed in TXSB on 08/20/25   Page 68 of 225

=== page 69 ===
[Signature Page to Restructuring Support Agreement] 
Company Entities Signature Pages to  
the Restructuring Support Agreement 
 
 
By: _____________________________________ 
Name: Chad J. Shandler 
Title:   Chief Transformation Officer 
 
On behalf of:  
 
MODIVCARE INC.  
A & B HOMECARE SOLUTIONS, L.L.C 
A.E. MEDICAL ALERT, INC. 
ABC HOMECARE LLC 
ALL METRO AIDS, INC. 
ALL METRO ASSOCIATE PAYROLL SERVICES CORPORATION 
ALL METRO CGA PAYROLL SERVICES CORPORATION 
ALL METRO FIELD SERVICE WORKERS PAYROLL SERVICES CORPORATION 
ALL METRO HEALTH CARE SERVICES, INC. 
ALL METRO HOME CARE SERVICES OF FLORIDA, INC. 
ALL METRO HOME CARE SERVICES OF NEW JERSEY, INC. 
ALL METRO HOME CARE SERVICES OF NEW YORK, INC. 
ALL METRO HOME CARE SERVICES, INC. 
ALL METRO MANAGEMENT AND PAYROLL SERVICES CORPORATION 
ALL METRO PAYROLL SERVICES CORPORATION 
AM HOLDCO, INC. 
AM INTERMEDIATE HOLDCO, INC. 
ARSENS HOME CARE, INC. 
ARU HOSPICE, INC. 
ASSOCIATED HOME SERVICES, INC. 
AT-HOME QUALITY CARE, LLC  
AUDITORY RESPONSE SYSTEMS, INC. 
BARNEY’S MEDICAL ALERT-ERS, INC. 
CALIFORNIA MEDTRANS NETWORK IPA LLC 
CALIFORNIA MEDTRANS NETWORK MSO LLC 
CARE FINDERS TOTAL CARE LLC 
CAREGIVERS ALLIANCE, LLC 
CAREGIVERS AMERICA HOME HEALTH SERVICES, LLC 
CAREGIVERS AMERICA MEDICAL STAFFING, LLC 
CAREGIVERS AMERICA MEDICAL SUPPLY, LLC 
CAREGIVERS AMERICA REGISTRY, LLC 
CAREGIVERS AMERICA, LLC. 
CAREGIVERS ON CALL, INC. 
CGA HOLDCO, INC. 
CGA STAFFING SERVICES, LLC 
CIRCULATION, INC. 
Case 25-90309   Document 14   Filed in TXSB on 08/20/25   Page 69 of 225

=== page 70 ===
[Signature Page to Restructuring Support Agreement] 
FLORIDA MEDTRANS NETWORK LLC 
FLORIDA MEDTRANS NETWORK MSO LLC 
GUARDIAN MEDICAL MONITORING, LLC 
HEALTH TRANS, INC. 
HEALTHCOM, INC. 
HEALTHCOM HOLDINGS LLC 
HELPING HAND HOME HEALTH CARE AGENCY INC 
HELPING HAND HOSPICE INC.  
HIGI CARE HOLDINGS, LLC 
HIGI CARE, LLC 
HIGI SH HOLDINGS INC. 
HIGI SH LLC 
INDEPENDENCE HEALTHCARE CORPORATION 
METROPOLITAN MEDICAL TRANSPORTATION IPA, LLC 
MLA SALES, LLC 
MODIVCARE SOLUTIONS, LLC 
MULTICULTURAL HOME CARE INC. 
NATIONAL MEDTRANS, LLC 
NEW ENGLAND EMERGENCY RESPONSE SYSTEMS, INC. 
OEP AM, INC. 
PANHANDLE SUPPORT SERVICES, INC. 
PERSONAL IN-HOME SERVICES, INC. 
PHILADELPHIA HOME CARE AGENCY, INC. 
PROVADO TECHNOLOGIES, LLC 
RED TOP TRANSPORTATION, INC. 
RIDE PLUS, LLC 
SAFE LIVING TECHNOLOGIES, LLC 
SECURA HOME HEALTH HOLDINGS, INC.  
SECURA HOME HEALTH, LLC  
SOCRATES HEALTH HOLDINGS, LLC 
TRIMED, LLC 
UNION HOME CARE LLC 
VALUED RELATIONSHIPS, INC. 
VICTORY HEALTH HOLDINGS, LLC 
VRI INTERMEDIATE HOLDINGS, LLC 
 
Case 25-90309   Document 14   Filed in TXSB on 08/20/25   Page 70 of 225

=== page 71 ===
[Signature Page to Restructuring Support Agreement] 
Consenting Creditor Signature Page to 
Restructuring Support Agreement 
ALLIANCEBERNSTEIN L.P., 
as investment advisor to and on behalf of certain managed accounts 
By: 
Name: Tayah L. Woodard 
Title: Assistant Secretary 
Address: 
 
E-mail address(es): 
 
Case 25-90309   Document 14   Filed in TXSB on 08/20/25   Page 71 of 225

=== page 72 ===
[Signature Page to Restructuring Support Agreement] 
 
Consenting Creditor Signature Page to 
Restructuring Support Agreement 
 
ALLSPRING GLOBAL INVESTMENTS LLC, 
on behalf of its various funds and accounts 
 
By:
 
 
Name: Chris M Lee 
 
Title: SR Portfolio Manager 
Address:  
 
 
E-mail address(es): 
 
 
 
Case 25-90309   Document 14   Filed in TXSB on 08/20/25   Page 72 of 225

=== page 73 ===
[Signature Page to Restructuring Support Agreement] 
Consenting Creditor Signature Page to 
Restructuring Support Agreement 
BEACH POINT CAPITAL MANAGEMENT LP, 
on behalf of certain funds and accounts it manages or advises 
By: 
Name:  Allan Schweitzer 
Title:  Portfolio Manager 
Address: 
E-mail address(es):
Case 25-90309   Document 14   Filed in TXSB on 08/20/25   Page 73 of 225

=== page 74 ===
[Signature Page to Restructuring Support Agreement] 
Consenting Creditor Signature Page to 
Restructuring Support Agreement 
BIRCH GROVE CAPITAL LP, 
on behalf of its various funds and accounts 
By: 
Name: Todd Berry  
Title: Authorized Signatory 
Address:
 
               
 
E-mail address(es):
 
 
       
Case 25-90309   Document 14   Filed in TXSB on 08/20/25   Page 74 of 225

=== page 75 ===
Case 25-90309   Document 14   Filed in TXSB on 08/20/25   Page 75 of 225

=== page 76 ===
[Signature Page to Restructuring Support Agreement] 
Consenting Creditor Signature Page to 
Restructuring Support Agreement 
BRIGADE CAPITAL MANAGEMENT, LP, 
on behalf of its various funds and accounts 
By: 
Name: Patrick Criscillo 
Title: Chief Financial Officer 
Address: 
 
E-mail address(es): 
Case 25-90309   Document 14   Filed in TXSB on 08/20/25   Page 76 of 225

=== page 77 ===
[Signature Page to Restructuring Support Agreement] 
 
Consenting Creditor Signature Page to 
Restructuring Support Agreement 
 
DEUTSCHE BANK AG NEW YORK BRANCH, as Consenting Lender solely in respect of 
the First Lien Claim indicated below managed by Deutsche Bank AG New York Branch's 
Leveraged Debt Capital Markets business unit 
 
 
Address: 
 
E-mail address(es): 
 
 
 
By: 
 
Name:  Suzan Onal
Title:    Director
By: 
 
Name: Philip Tancorra
Title:  Director
Case 25-90309   Document 14   Filed in TXSB on 08/20/25   Page 77 of 225

=== page 78 ===
[Signature Page to Restructuring Support Agreement] 
 
Consenting Creditor Signature Page to 
Restructuring Support Agreement 
 
HalseyPoint Asset Management, LLC, solely in its capacity as Portfolio Manager pursuant to the Portfolio 
Management Agreements for the Following: 
HalseyPoint CLO I, Ltd. 
HalseyPoint CLO II, Ltd. 
HalseyPoint CLO 4, Ltd. 
HalseyPoint CLO 5, Ltd. 
HalseyPoint CLO 6, Ltd. 
HalseyPoint CLO 7, Ltd. 
Sagard-HalseyPoint CLO 8, Ltd. 
 
By: 
 
Name: Agata Marczak 
Title: Managing Director 
 
 
Address:  
 
 
 
 
E-mail address: 
 
 
 
Case 25-90309   Document 14   Filed in TXSB on 08/20/25   Page 78 of 225

=== page 79 ===
[Signature Page to Restructuring Support Agreement] 
Consenting Creditor Signature Page to 
Restructuring Support Agreement 
HG VORA CAPITAL MANAGEMENT, LLC, 
on behalf of certain funds and accounts managed or advised by it 
By: 
Name: Mandy Lam 
Title:  Authorized Signatory
Address: 
 
E-mail address(es): 
Case 25-90309   Document 14   Filed in TXSB on 08/20/25   Page 79 of 225

=== page 80 ===
 
[Signature Page to Restructuring Support Agreement] 
 
Consenting Creditor Signature Page to 
Restructuring Support Agreement 
 
HSBC BANK PLC, 
on behalf of its various funds and accounts 
 
By: 
 
Name: 
Title: 
Address: 
 
 
 
 
 
 
E-mail address(es): t
 
 
 
 
Case 25-90309   Document 14   Filed in TXSB on 08/20/25   Page 80 of 225

=== page 81 ===
[Signature Page to Restructuring Support Agreement] 
Consenting Creditor Signature Page to 
Restructuring Support Agreement 
JEFFERIES FINANCE LLC, 
on behalf of its various funds and accounts 
By: 
Name: J.R. Young 
Title: Managing Director 
Address:  
 
 
E-mail address(es): 
Case 25-90309   Document 14   Filed in TXSB on 08/20/25   Page 81 of 225

=== page 82 ===
Case 25-90309   Document 14   Filed in TXSB on 08/20/25   Page 82 of 225

=== page 83 ===
[Signature Page to Restructuring Support Agreement] 
 
Consenting Creditor Signature Page to 
Restructuring Support Agreement 
 
POLAR ASSET MANAGEMENT PARTNERS INC., 
on behalf of its various funds and accounts  
 
 
 
By: 
 
Name: Elisabeth Summers 
Title:    General Counsel 
 
By: 
 
Name:  Andrew Ma 
Title: Chief Compliance Officer 
 
Address:  
 
E-mail address(es):  
 
 
 
 
 
Case 25-90309   Document 14   Filed in TXSB on 08/20/25   Page 83 of 225

=== page 84 ===
[Signature Page to Restructuring Support Agreement]
 
Consenting Creditor Signature Page to 
Restructuring Support Agreement 
TEXAS EXCHANGE BANK 
 Rebecca Kiel  
 Rebecca Kiel (Aug 15, 2025 18:09:31 CDT) 
 
Name: Rebecca Kiel 
Title: Chief Financial Officer 
 
Address: 
 
 
 
Email Address(es): 
 
 
By:
Case 25-90309   Document 14   Filed in TXSB on 08/20/25   Page 84 of 225

=== page 85 ===
Case 25-90309   Document 14   Filed in TXSB on 08/20/25   Page 85 of 225

=== page 86 ===
[Signature Page to Restructuring Support Agreement]
Consenting Creditor Signature Page to 
Restructuring Support Agreement
REDWOOD CAPITAL MANAGEMENT, LLC,
on behalf of its various funds and accounts
By:
 
Name: Sean Sauler
  Title: Deputy CEO 
Address:
E-mail address(es):
Case 25-90309   Document 14   Filed in TXSB on 08/20/25   Page 86 of 225

=== page 87 ===
Case 25-90309   Document 14   Filed in TXSB on 08/20/25   Page 87 of 225

=== page 88 ===
[Signature Page to Restructuring Support Agreement] 
Consenting Creditor Signature Page to 
Restructuring Support Agreement 
SILVER ROCK FINANCIAL LP, 
on behalf of its various funds and accounts 
By: 
Name: Patrick Hunnius 
Title: General Counsel and Chief Compliance Officer 
Address: 
 
 
E-mail address(es):  
Case 25-90309   Document 14   Filed in TXSB on 08/20/25   Page 88 of 225

=== page 89 ===
[Signature Page to Restructuring Support Agreement] 
Consenting Creditor Signature Page to 
Restructuring Support Agreement 
 
SILVER ROCK MANAGEMENT LLC, 
on behalf of its various funds and accounts 
 
By: 
 
Name: Patrick Hunnius 
Title: General Counsel and Chief Compliance Officer 
Address:  
 
 
E-mail address(es):  
  
 
 
Case 25-90309   Document 14   Filed in TXSB on 08/20/25   Page 89 of 225

=== page 90 ===
[Signature Page to Restructuring Support Agreement] 
 
Consenting Creditor Signature Page to 
Restructuring Support Agreement 
 
SUMMIT HOUSE CAPITAL MANAGEMENT, LLC, 
acting solely in its capacity as Investment Manager to the following entities: 
Summit House Credit Opportunities Fund II, L.P. 
Summit House Credit Opportunities Fund III, L.P. 
SHCOF III Holdings, Inc.  
 
 
By: 
_________________________  
 
Name: Jed Walsh 
 
Title: 
Authorized Signatory 
 
 
Address: 
 
 
E-mail address(es): 
  
 
Case 25-90309   Document 14   Filed in TXSB on 08/20/25   Page 90 of 225

=== page 91 ===
[Signature Page to Restructuring Support Agreement] 
 
Case 25-90309   Document 14   Filed in TXSB on 08/20/25   Page 91 of 225

=== page 92 ===
[Signature Page to Restructuring Support Agreement] 
 
Consenting Creditor Signature Page to 
Restructuring Support Agreement 
 
TCW ASSET MANAGEMENT COMPANY LLC 
TCW INVESTMENT MANAGEMENT COMPANY LLC 
METROPOLITAN WEST ASSET MANAGEMENT, LLC, 
each on behalf of their respective managed funds and accounts 
 
By: 
Name: Steven Purdy 
Title: Managing Director 
 
Address: 
 
 
Email address: 
 
 
 
Case 25-90309   Document 14   Filed in TXSB on 08/20/25   Page 92 of 225

=== page 93 ===
[Signature Page to Restructuring Support Agreement] 
Consenting Creditor Signature Page to 
Restructuring Support Agreement 
WELLS FARGO BANK, NA 
By: 
Name: Scott J. Manookin, Executive Director 
Title:  Executive Director 
E-mail address(es): 
Address: 
Case 25-90309   Document 14   Filed in TXSB on 08/20/25   Page 93 of 225

=== page 94 ===
 
 
Exhibit A 
 
Restructuring Term Sheet
Case 25-90309   Document 14   Filed in TXSB on 08/20/25   Page 94 of 225

=== page 95 ===
  
 
MODIVCARE INC. 
RESTRUCTURING TERM SHEET 
August 20, 2025 
THIS RESTRUCTURING TERM SHEET (THIS “RESTRUCTURING TERM SHEET”) DESCRIBES 
CERTAIN KEY TERMS AND CONDITIONS OF A RESTRUCTURING FOR MODIVCARE INC. 
(“MODIVCARE”), A DELAWARE CORPORATION, AND ITS SUBSIDIARIES AND AFFILIATES 
THAT WILL BE EFFECTED PURSUANT TO A CHAPTER 11 PLAN CONTAINING TERMS SET 
FORTH HEREIN TO BE CONFIRMED IN THE CASES COMMENCED IN THE UNITED STATES 
BANKRUPTCY COURT FOR THE SOUTHERN DISTRICT OF TEXAS (THE “BANKRUPTCY 
COURT”) UNDER CHAPTER 11 OF TITLE 11 OF THE UNITED STATES CODE. 1 THIS 
RESTRUCTURING TERM SHEET IS A KEY COMPONENT OF THE OFFER OF DEBTOR-IN-
POSSESSION FINANCING PURSUANT TO DIP DOCUMENTS BEING DELIVERED BY 
CONSENTING CREDITORS CONTEMPORANEOUSLY HEREWITH. 
THIS RESTRUCTURING TERM SHEET IS NOT (AND SHALL NOT BE CONSTRUED AS) AN 
OFFER, ACCEPTANCE, OR SOLICITATION WITH RESPECT TO ANY SECURITIES, LOANS, OR 
OTHER INSTRUMENTS.  ANY SUCH OFFER, ACCEPTANCE, OR SOLICITATION WILL COMPLY 
WITH ALL APPLICABLE LAWS, INCLUDING APPLICABLE SECURITIES LAWS. 
THIS RESTRUCTURING TERM SHEET IS FOR DISCUSSION PURPOSES ONLY AND DOES NOT 
PURPORT TO SUMMARIZE ALL OF THE TERMS, CONDITIONS, AND OTHER PROVISIONS 
WITH RESPECT TO THE TRANSACTIONS DESCRIBED HEREIN (COLLECTIVELY, THE 
“RESTRUCTURING TRANSACTIONS”), WHICH WILL BE SUBJECT TO THE COMPLETION OF 
THE DEFINITIVE DOCUMENTS INCORPORATING, AND CONSISTENT WITH, THE TERMS SET 
FORTH HEREIN AND THE RESTRUCTURING SUPPORT AGREEMENT, AND THE CLOSING OF 
ANY RESTRUCTURING SHALL BE SUBJECT TO THE TERMS AND CONDITIONS SET FORTH 
IN SUCH DEFINITIVE DOCUMENTS.   
 
 
 
1  
Capitalized terms used but not defined in this Restructuring Term Sheet shall have the meanings given to 
such terms in the Restructuring Support Agreement. 
Case 25-90309   Document 14   Filed in TXSB on 08/20/25   Page 95 of 225

=== page 96 ===
 
2 
 
2  
$270,699,086.86 (excluding LC exposure) 
GENERAL PROVISIONS 
Company Entities 
The entities described in the list of entities attached as Annex 1 hereto, being 
the Company Entities, shall be the debtors in possession (as that term is defined 
in section 1101 of the Bankruptcy Code) in the Chapter 11 Cases. 
Existing Capital 
Structure 
First Lien Incremental: consisting of the $78,750,000 of outstanding principal 
amount of term loans under the First Lien Credit Agreement (plus accrued and 
unpaid interest, premiums, fees, costs, and other amounts that may be due and 
payable under the First Lien Incremental) (the “First Lien Incremental”). 
First Lien Term Loans:  consisting of the $522,239,938 of outstanding principal 
amount of term loans under the First Lien Credit Agreement (plus accrued and 
unpaid interest, premiums, fees, costs, and other amounts that may be due and 
payable under the First Lien Term Loans) (the “First Lien Term Loans”).  
First Lien RCF: consisting of the $325,000,0002 of outstanding revolving loans 
and LC Exposure under the First Lien Credit Agreement (plus accrued and 
unpaid interest, premiums, fees, costs, and other amounts that may be due and 
payable under the First Lien RCF) (the “First Lien RCF”, and together with 
the First Lien Incremental and the First Lien Term Loans, the “First Lien Loan 
Facility”).   
The portion of the First Lien Credit Agreement that is determined pursuant to 
section 506(a) of the Bankruptcy Code or similar provision to be unsecured, 
the “First Lien Deficiency Claims.” 
Second Lien Notes: consisting of the $316,223,250 of outstanding principal 
amount of second lien notes issued pursuant to the Second Lien Indenture (plus 
accrued and unpaid interest, premiums, fees, costs, and other amounts that may 
be due and payable under the Second Lien Indenture) (the “Second Lien 
Notes”).  The portion of the Second Lien Notes that are determined pursuant 
to section 506(a) of the Bankruptcy Code or similar provision to be unsecured, 
the “Second Lien Deficiency Claims.” 
Unsecured Notes: consisting of the $228,835,000 of outstanding principal 
amount of notes issued pursuant to the Unsecured Notes Indenture (plus 
accrued and unpaid interest, premiums, fees, costs, and other amounts that may 
be due and payable under the Unsecured Notes Indenture) (the “Unsecured 
Notes Claims”). 
General Unsecured Claims: consisting of all claims (other than Administrative 
Claims, Priority Tax Claims, First Lien Claims, Second Lien Claims, Other 
Secured Claims, and Other Priority Claims), including, for the avoidance of 
doubt, First Lien Deficiency Claims and Second Lien Deficiency Claims, 
against the Company Entities that are non-priority and unsecured (the 
“General Unsecured Claims”). 
Case 25-90309   Document 14   Filed in TXSB on 08/20/25   Page 96 of 225

=== page 97 ===
 
3 
Subordinated Claims: consisting of any prepetition Claim that is subject to 
subordination pursuant to sections 510(b)-(c) of the Bankruptcy Code or 
otherwise (collectively, the “Subordinated Claims”). 
Existing Parent Equity Interests:  consisting of all issued, unissued, authorized, 
or outstanding ordinary shares or shares of common stock, preferred stock, 
other instrument evidencing an ownership interest, and/or any other Interest, in 
ModivCare, whether or not transferable, together with any warrants, options, 
equity-based awards, or contractual rights to purchase or acquire such interests 
at any time and all rights arising with respect thereto that existed immediately 
before the Effective Date (collectively, the “Existing Parent Equity 
Interests”). 
Overview of the 
Restructuring 
A Plan will be filed and prosecuted with the support of the Consenting 
Creditors on the terms and conditions set forth in the Restructuring Support 
Agreement (including this Restructuring Term Sheet). 
The Chapter 11 Cases will be funded by the DIP Facility (as defined below) 
and the Company Entities’ use of cash collateral, each on the terms and 
conditions set forth in the Restructuring Term Sheet (including the DIP Facility 
Term Sheet). 
The Company Entities’ emergence from the Chapter 11 Cases will be funded 
by the proceeds of a combination of the Exit Revolving Facility, the Exit Loan 
Facility and cash on hand. 
As of the Effective Date, each holder of a DIP Claim, a First Lien Claim, a 
Second Lien Claim, an Unsecured Notes Claim, a General Unsecured Claim, a 
Subordinated Claim, an Intercompany Claim, an Intercompany Interest and/or 
an Existing Parent Equity Interests shall, in each case, to the extent such Claim 
or Interest is Allowed, receive under the Plan the treatment described in this 
Restructuring Term Sheet in full and final satisfaction, settlement, release, and 
discharge, and in exchange for such Allowed Claim or Allowed Interest, except 
to the extent different treatment is agreed to among the Company Entities, the 
Required Consenting First Lien Lenders, and the holder of such Allowed Claim 
or Allowed Interest. 
For the avoidance of doubt, any action required to be taken by the Company 
Entities on the Effective Date pursuant to this Restructuring Term Sheet may 
be taken either (a) on the Effective Date or (b) with the consent of the Required 
Consenting First Lien Lenders, as soon as is reasonably practicable thereafter. 
DIP Financing and 
Use of Cash 
Collateral 
The Chapter 11 Cases will be financed by (i) the use of cash collateral and (ii) 
a DIP Facility provided by First Lien Lenders (such lenders, the “DIP 
Lenders”) and backstopped by the Backstop Parties that commit to do so in 
accordance with the DIP Backstop Commitment Letters on the terms and 
conditions set forth in this Restructuring Term Sheet (including the DIP 
Facility Term Sheet) and in the Definitive Documents.   
The DIP Facility will be issued in the aggregate principal amount of $100 
million.  The terms of the DIP Facility are set forth in further detail in the DIP 
Facility Term Sheet.  
Case 25-90309   Document 14   Filed in TXSB on 08/20/25   Page 97 of 225

=== page 98 ===
 
4 
Pursuant to syndication procedures acceptable to the Required Consenting First 
Lien Lenders (the “Syndication Procedures”), all holders of First Lien Claims 
(who become parties to the Restructuring Support Agreement in accordance 
with its terms) prior to the closing of the DIP Facility syndication process will 
be eligible to subscribe for their pro rata share of the DIP Facility based on their 
respective pro rata holdings of their First Lien Claims by committing to 
purchase such share of the DIP Facility from Jefferies Capital Services, LLC. 
To the extent that a holder of First Lien Claims (i) does not execute the 
Restructuring Support Agreement (in which case, such holder shall have no 
right to subscribe for any portion of the DIP Facility) or (ii) executes the 
Restructuring Support Agreement but does not subscribe for its pro rata share 
of the DIP Facility in accordance with the Syndication Procedures, then (in 
either case) each Backstop Party shall, severally and not jointly, increase its 
pro rata share of the DIP Facility for any portion of the DIP Facility that is not 
subscribed for by the holder of such First Lien Claims.  
The Consenting Creditors shall consent to the use of cash collateral on the 
terms and conditions set forth in the DIP Facility Term Sheet (subject to 
Definitive Documents and entry of the DIP Orders, in each case, acceptable to 
the Required Consenting First Lien Lenders), which shall be consistent with 
the terms of the Restructuring Support Agreement (including this Restructuring 
Term Sheet) and otherwise reasonably acceptable to the Required Consenting 
First Lien Lenders.  The DIP Orders shall provide for the adequate protection 
of the First Lien Claims, including payment in-kind of interest at a rate equal 
to 2% above the default rate of interest under the First Lien Credit Documents, 
as such amounts become due and payable. 
DIP Backstop 
Commitment  
Contemporaneously with the execution of the Restructuring Support 
Agreement, certain Consenting Creditors (in such capacities, the “Backstop 
Parties”) will execute the DIP Backstop Commitment Letters, pursuant to 
which the Backstop Parties will commit to provide, severally and not jointly, 
100% of the DIP Facility.  The Backstop Parties will receive, in the allocations 
set forth in their respective DIP Backstop Commitment Letters, a backstop 
premium (the “DIP Backstop Premium”), which premium shall be earned 
upon execution of the DIP Backstop Commitment Letters (subject to approval 
of the Bankruptcy Court) and payable on the Effective Date, in full in-kind in 
the form of New Common Interests equal to 20% of the aggregate New 
Common Interests, subject to dilution by the MIP, the New Warrants and the 
New Common Interests issued pursuant to the Equity Rights Offering.   
Exit Revolving 
Facility 
On the Effective Date, the Reorganized Company Entities shall enter into a 
credit agreement as the borrower in respect of a revolving credit facility (the 
“Exit Revolving Facility”) providing for commitments of up to $250 million 
(which shall include up to a $150 million sublimit for the issuance of letters of 
credit), secured by a first priority security interest in and lien on substantially 
all the Reorganized Company Entities’ assets, subject to customary limitations 
and exclusions acceptable to the Required Consenting First Lien Lenders; 
provided that the commitment amounts under the Exit Revolving Facility shall 
be determined at the sole discretion of the Required Consenting First Lien 
Lenders. 
Case 25-90309   Document 14   Filed in TXSB on 08/20/25   Page 98 of 225

=== page 99 ===
 
5 
 
3  
An “Eligible Holder” means a holder of an Allowed Unsecured Notes Claim or Allowed Other General 
Unsecured Claim that is an Accredited Investor or Qualified Institutional Buyer (each as defined in the Securities 
Act). 
4  
The “Securities Act” means the Securities Act of 1933, as amended. 
The terms of the Exit Revolving Facility shall be negotiated prior to the 
Effective Date and shall be mutually acceptable to the Company Entities and 
the Required Consenting First Lien Lenders. 
Exit Term Loan 
Facility  
On the Effective Date, the Reorganized Debtors will enter into a credit 
agreement for a takeback loan facility (the “Exit Term Loan Facility”, and 
any loans made thereunder, “Exit Term Loans”, and together with the Exit 
Revolving Facility, the “Exit Facilities”) secured by a first priority security 
interest in and lien on substantially all the Reorganized Company Entities’ 
assets, subject to customary limitations and exclusions acceptable to the 
Required Consenting First Lien Lenders.  The Exit Term Loans will be funded 
by rolling the DIP Facility and up to $200 million of the First Lien Loan 
Facility into the Exit Term Loan Facility; provided, further, that the amount by 
which the takeback portion of the Exit Term Loan is reduced below $200 
million shall ratably reduce the aggregate amount of New Common Interests 
and New Warrants for distribution to the Second Lien Claims pool of New 
Common Interests and New Warrants.  The Exit Term Loan Facility shall have 
a five (5) year term and the remaining terms will be negotiated prior to the 
Effective Date and shall be mutually acceptable to the Company Entities and 
the Required Consenting First Lien Lenders. 
Equity Rights 
Offering  
In connection with the Restructuring, ModivCare intends to offer certain 
Eligible Holders3 of Allowed General Unsecured Claims, the transferable right 
to purchase New Common Interests for an aggregate amount of up to 
$200,000,000, pursuant to applicable exemptions from registration under the 
Securities Act 4 and/or section 1145 of the Bankruptcy Code (the “Equity 
Rights Offering”). The Equity Rights will allow the Eligible Holders thereof, 
on a record date to be determined prior to the Effective Date, to purchase New 
Common Interests at a valuation at which First Lien Lenders would recover 
100% on account of their Allowed First Lien Claims, and the Second Lien 
Noteholders would recover 75% on account of their Allowed Second Lien 
Claims. The proceeds of the Equity Rights Offering shall fund Cash payments 
to holders of Allowed First Lien Claims. 
New Common 
Interests 
On the Effective Date, the Reorganized Company Entities shall issue one or 
more classes of New Common Interests.  New Common Interests distributed 
pursuant to the Equity Option (as defined below) shall not reduce the aggregate 
amount of Exit Term Loans available for distribution. 
The terms of the New Common Interests shall be consistent in all respects with 
the terms and conditions set forth in this Restructuring Term Sheet and 
otherwise agreed between the Company Entities and the Required Consenting 
First Lien Lenders. 
Case 25-90309   Document 14   Filed in TXSB on 08/20/25   Page 99 of 225

=== page 100 ===
 
6 
 
 
New Warrants  
On the Effective Date, the Company Entities will (i) enter into definitive 
documents to issue the New Warrants, which shall be on terms and conditions 
that are consistent in all respects with the terms and conditions in this 
Restructuring Term Sheet and otherwise agreed between the Company Entities, 
the Required Consenting First Lien Lenders and the Required Consenting 
Second Lien Noteholders, and (ii) issue to the Second Lien Noteholders the 
Series A Warrants, the Series B Warrants, and the Series C Warrants (each as 
defined in the New Warrants Term Sheet (as defined below), and collectively, 
the “New Warrants”) on terms and conditions consistent with the term sheet 
attached hereto as Annex 3 (the “New Warrants Term Sheet”) and otherwise 
in a form and substance reasonably acceptable to the Required Consenting 
Creditors and the Company Entities.  For the avoidance of doubt, the New 
Warrants are subject to dilution by the MIP. 
TREATMENT OF CLAIMS AND INTERESTS 
Administrative 
Expense Claims 
Except to the extent that a holder of an Allowed Administrative Expense Claim 
agrees to less favorable treatment, each holder of an Allowed Administrative 
Expense Claim shall receive, in full and final satisfaction of such Claim, Cash 
in an amount equal to such Allowed Claim on the Effective Date or as soon as 
practicable thereafter or such other treatment consistent with the provisions of 
section 1129(a)(9)(A) of the Bankruptcy Code. 
Priority Tax Claims 
Except to the extent that a holder of an Allowed Priority Tax Claim agrees to 
less favorable treatment, each holder of an Allowed Priority Tax Claim shall 
receive treatment in a manner consistent with section 1129(a)(9)(C) of the 
Bankruptcy Code. 
DIP Claims 
Except to the extent that a holder of an Allowed DIP Claim agrees to less 
favorable treatment, each holder of an Allowed DIP Claim shall receive, in full 
and final satisfaction of such Claim, its Pro Rata Share of Exit Term Loans. 
For the avoidance of doubt, DIP Professional Fees and Restructuring Fees and 
Expenses shall be paid in full in cash in accordance with the terms of the DIP 
Orders and the Plan, as applicable. 
Other Secured 
Claims 
Except to the extent that a holder of an Allowed Other Secured Claim agrees to 
less favorable treatment, in full and final satisfaction of such Allowed Other 
Secured Claim, at the option of the Company Entities (with the consent of the 
Required Consenting First Lien Lenders) or the Reorganized Company 
Entities, (i) such holder shall receive payment in full in Cash, payable on the 
later of the Effective Date and the date that is ten (10) Business Days after the 
date on which such Other Secured Claim becomes an Allowed Other Secured 
Claim, in each case, or as soon as reasonably practicable thereafter or (ii) such 
holder shall receive such other treatment so as to render such holder’s Allowed 
Other Secured Claim unimpaired. 
Case 25-90309   Document 14   Filed in TXSB on 08/20/25   Page 100 of 225

=== page 101 ===
 
7 
Unimpaired – Presumed to accept. 
Other Priority 
Claims 
Except to the extent that a holder of an Allowed Other Priority Claim agrees to 
less favorable treatment, in full and final satisfaction of such Allowed Other 
Priority Claim, each holder of an Allowed Other Priority Claim shall, at the 
option of the Company Entities (with the consent of the Required Consenting 
First Lien Lenders) or the Reorganized Company Entities, (i) be paid in full in 
Cash or (ii) otherwise receive treatment consistent with the provisions of 
section 1129(a)(9) of the Bankruptcy Code, payable on the later of the Effective 
Date and the date that is ten (10) Business Days after the date on which such 
Other Priority Claim becomes an Allowed Other Priority Claim, in each case, 
or as soon as reasonably practicable thereafter. 
Unimpaired – Presumed to accept. 
First Lien Claims 
The First Lien Claims shall be deemed Allowed.  Except to the extent that a 
holder of an Allowed First Lien Claim agrees to less favorable treatment, in full 
and final satisfaction of such Allowed First Lien Claim, on the Effective Date 
or on another date acceptable to the Required Consenting First Lien Lenders, 
each holder of an Allowed First Lien Claim shall receive, in full and final 
satisfaction of such Allowed First Lien Claim, a Pro Rata Share of the 
following: 
i. 
the Exit Term Loans; provided, however, that, at the election of the 
Required Consenting First Lien Lenders prior to the Effective Date, 
Holders of Allowed First Lien Claims may be permitted to elect to 
receive (i) additional New Common Interests in lieu of receiving some 
or all of their pro rata share Exit Term Loans (the “Equity Option”) or 
(ii) additional Exit Term Loans in lieu of receiving some or all of their 
portion of the New Common Interests; and 
ii. 
98% of the New Common Interests, subject to dilution by the DIP 
Backstop Premium, the Equity Rights Offering (if applicable), the New 
Warrants, and the MIP. 
Impaired – Entitled to vote. 
Second Lien Claims 
The Second Lien Claims shall be deemed Allowed.  Except to the extent that a 
holder of an Allowed Second Lien Claim agrees to less favorable treatment, in 
full and final satisfaction of such Allowed Second Lien Claim, on the Effective 
Date or on another date acceptable to the Required Consenting First Lien 
Lenders, each holder of an Allowed Second Lien Claim shall receive, in full 
and final satisfaction of such Allowed Second Lien Claim, a pro rata share of 
the following: 
i. 
2% of the New Common Interests, subject to dilution by the DIP 
Backstop Premium, the Equity Rights Offering (if applicable), the New 
Warrants, and the MIP; and  
ii. 
the New Warrants.  
Impaired – Entitled to vote. 
Case 25-90309   Document 14   Filed in TXSB on 08/20/25   Page 101 of 225

=== page 102 ===
 
8 
 
 
 
General Unsecured 
Claims (including 
Unsecured Notes 
Claims 
All General Unsecured Claims (including, for the avoidance of doubt, First 
Lien Deficiency Claims and Second Lien Deficiency Claims) shall be canceled, 
released, and extinguished as of the Effective Date, and Holders of Allowed 
General Unsecured Claims shall not receive or retain any distribution, property, 
or other value on account of such General Unsecured Claims; provided that, if 
the Equity Rights Offering is commenced, Eligible Holders of General 
Unsecured Claims (but excluding holders of First Lien Deficiency Claims and 
Second Lien Deficiency Claims) shall receive their Pro Rata Share of the 
transferable right to purchase up to $200,000,000, in aggregate, of New 
Common Interests pursuant to the Equity Rights Offering.  
Impaired – Entitled to vote. 
Intercompany 
Claims 
All Intercompany Claims shall be either:  (i) Reinstated; or (ii) set off, settled, 
distributed, contributed, merged, canceled, or released, in each case, in the 
discretion of the Company Entities with the consent of the Required Consenting 
First Lien Lenders. 
Unimpaired – Presumed to accept. 
Subordinated 
Claims 
All Subordinated Claims, if any, shall be canceled, released, extinguished, and 
of no further force and effect and holders of Subordinated Claims shall not 
receive any property or distribution under the Plan on account thereof. 
Impaired – Deemed to reject. 
Existing Parent 
Interests  
On the Effective Date, all Existing Parent Equity Interests shall be canceled, 
released, extinguished, and of no further force and effect.  Holders of Existing 
Equity Parent Interests shall not receive or retain any distribution, property, or 
other value on account of such Existing Equity Parent Interests. 
Impaired – Deemed to reject. 
Intercompany 
Interests  
All Allowed Intercompany Interests shall be, at the option of the Company 
Entities, either:  (i) Reinstated for administrative convenience or (ii) set off, 
settled, distributed, contributed, merged, canceled, or released, in each case, in 
the discretion of the Company Entities. 
Unimpaired – Presumed to accept. 
Case 25-90309   Document 14   Filed in TXSB on 08/20/25   Page 102 of 225

=== page 103 ===
 
9 
ADDITIONAL TERMS  
Definitive 
Documents  
This Restructuring Term Sheet does not set forth all of the terms of the 
Restructuring Transactions, and any definitive or binding agreement shall be 
subject to the Definitive Documents, which such Definitive Documents shall 
be consistent with the terms of this Restructuring Term Sheet, the DIP Facility 
Term Sheet, and the Restructuring Support Agreement. 
Any documents contemplated by this Restructuring Term Sheet, including any 
Definitive Documents, that remain the subject of negotiation as of the Effective 
Date shall be subject to the rights and obligations set forth in the Restructuring 
Support Agreement and shall otherwise be in form and substance acceptable to 
the Company Entities and the Required Consenting First Lien Lenders.  Failure 
to reference such rights and obligations as it relates to any document referenced 
in this Restructuring Term Sheet shall not impair such rights and obligations. 
Tax Structure  
The Restructuring Transactions shall be structured in a manner that optimizes 
the tax efficiency (including by way of the preservation or enhancement of 
favorable tax attributes) of the Restructuring Transactions to the Company 
Entities and to the Consenting Creditors, as a result of the consummation of the 
Restructuring Transactions, in each case, as determined by the Company 
Entities and the Required Consenting First Lien Lenders. 
Executory Contracts 
& Unexpired Leases 
The Company Entities shall assume those executory contracts and unexpired 
leases acceptable to the Required Consenting First Lien Lenders. 
New Board 
The Board of Directors of the Reorganized Company Entities shall be appointed 
by a pre-emergence committee consisting of the Required Consenting First 
Lien Lenders who will be the largest holders of New Common Interests, in 
consultation with the Company Entities, and disclosed prior to emergence 
under 1129(a)(5).  
Organizational 
Documents & 
Governance   
Corporate governance for the Reorganized Company Entities, including 
charters, bylaws, operating agreements, or other organizational documents, as 
applicable, shall contain terms acceptable to the Required Consenting First Lien 
Lenders.  Reorganized Parent shall not be subject to any reporting requirements 
promulgated by the United States Securities and Exchange Commission. 
Management 
Incentive Plan 
8% of the New Common Interests on a fully diluted basis as of the emergence 
date will be reserved for issuance under a post-emergence management 
incentive plan or certain employees, officers and directors of the Reorganized 
Parent (the “MIP”).  The quantum, form, terms, allocation, and vesting of all 
awards under the MIP will be determined by the New Board for the 
Reorganized Company Entities. 
Releases 
Subject to the Company Entities’ investigation into estate claims and causes of 
action, the Plan shall include customary releases (including consensual third-
party releases), to the fullest extent permitted by law, for the benefit of the 
Company Entities, the Consenting Creditors, the DIP Lenders, and the 
Case 25-90309   Document 14   Filed in TXSB on 08/20/25   Page 103 of 225

=== page 104 ===
 
10 
Company Entities’ current and former officers and directors and each of such 
preceding entities’ directors, officers, current and former shareholders 
(regardless of whether such interests are held directly or indirectly), partners, 
managers, officers, principals, members, employees, agents, affiliates, advisory 
board members, parents, subsidiaries, predecessors, successors, heirs, 
executors and assignees, attorneys, financial advisors, investment bankers, 
accountants, consultants, and other professionals or representatives, each solely 
in their capacities as such, subject to a carveout for any act or omission that 
constitutes actual fraud or willful misconduct as determined by final order of a 
court of competent jurisdiction; provided that any person or entity that files an 
objection with the Bankruptcy Court to any substantive pleading in the Chapter 
11 Cases, including to approval of the DIP Facility or the confirmation of the 
Plan, or commences any cause of action in the Bankruptcy Court or any other 
court of competent jurisdiction against any director or any Consenting Creditor 
relating to such Consenting Creditor’s secured Claims shall not be entitled to a 
release under the Plan.  
Such release shall include, without limitation, any and all claims, obligations, 
rights, suits, damages, causes of action, remedies, and liabilities whatsoever, 
whether known or unknown, foreseen or unforeseen, existing or hereinafter 
arising, in law, equity, or otherwise, including any derivative claims and 
avoidance actions that the Company Entities would have been legally entitled 
to assert in their own right (whether individually or collectively), or on behalf 
of the holder of any claim or equity interest (whether individually or 
collectively) or other entity, based in whole or in part upon any act or omission, 
transaction, or other occurrence or circumstances existing or taking place at any 
time prior to or on the Effective Date arising from or related in any way in 
whole or in part to the Company Entities, the purchase, sale, or rescission of 
purchase or sale of any security of the Company Entities, the subject matter of, 
or the transactions or events giving rise to, any claim against or equity interest 
in the Company Entities that is treated hereunder, or the negotiation, 
formulation, or preparation of the Definitive Documents or related agreements, 
instruments, or other documents.   
Exculpation 
The Plan shall provide for customary exculpation provisions in favor of 
released parties to the extent permitted under applicable law. 
Discharge & 
Injunction 
The Plan shall contain customary discharge and injunctive provisions. 
Employee 
Compensation and 
Benefit Programs 
Employment agreements (including but not limited to offer letters) and 
severance policies, and all employment, compensation and benefit plans, 
retention plans, workers’ compensation programs, savings plans, retirement 
plans, deferred compensation plans, healthcare plans, disability plans, 
severance plans, incentive plans, life and accidental and dismemberment 
insurance plans, and policies and programs of each of the Company Entities 
applicable to any of its employees and retirees, in each case existing as of the 
Effective Date (other than any individual employment agreement or offer letter 
for which the parties separately agree to different treatment), shall be assumed 
Case 25-90309   Document 14   Filed in TXSB on 08/20/25   Page 104 of 225

=== page 105 ===
 
11 
 
 
 
(and assigned to the Reorganized Company Entities, if necessary) and any 
Claims arising thereunder shall be unimpaired under the Plan.   
Indemnification of 
Prepetition 
Directors, Officers, 
Managers, et al. 
Indemnification obligations in place as of the Effective Date (whether in the 
by-laws, certificates of incorporation or formation, limited liability company 
agreements, other organizational or formation documents, board resolutions, 
indemnification agreements, employment contracts, or otherwise) for the 
current and former directors, officers, managers, employees, attorneys, 
accountants, investment bankers, and other professionals of the Company 
Entities, as applicable, shall remain in full force and effect after the Effective 
Date, and shall survive unimpaired under the Plan, irrespective of when such 
obligation arose, as applicable.  To the extent necessary, the governance 
documents adopted as of the Effective Date shall include provisions to give 
effect to the foregoing.  For the avoidance of doubt, nothing herein shall be 
deemed to require or be deemed to require the assumption or rejection of 
executory contracts. 
Survival of 
Indemnification; 
D&O Policy/Tail 
The Company Entities shall maintain and continue in full force and effect all 
insurance policies (and purchase any reasonable and customary related tail 
policies providing for coverage for at least a six-year period after the Effective 
Date) for directors’, managers’ and officers’ liability.  On the Effective Date, 
the Company Entities shall be deemed to have assumed all unexpired directors’, 
managers’, and officers’ liability insurance policies (including any “tail policy” 
on terms no less favorable than the Company Entities’ existing director, officer, 
manager, and employee coverage), and the Company Entities shall obtain any 
insurer consents to the extent required to assume such policies.  Prior to the 
Effective Date, the Company Entities shall arrange for directors’ and officers’ 
liability insurance coverage for each of the members of the New Board, with 
such coverage to take effect on the Effective Date. 
Milestones  
The Restructuring Transactions shall be effectuated in accordance with the 
Milestones set forth in Exhibit C of the Restructuring Support Agreement. 
Other Provisions 
The Plan shall contain other terms and conditions as agreed to by the Company 
Entities and the Required Consenting First Lien Lenders.  
Asset Sales 
Any asset sales outside the ordinary course of business from and after the 
Support Effective Date shall be subject to approval by the Required Consenting 
First Lien Lenders in conjunction with management. 
Case 25-90309   Document 14   Filed in TXSB on 08/20/25   Page 105 of 225

=== page 106 ===
 
12 
ADDITIONAL DEFINED TERMS 
“Administrative Claim” means a Claim for costs and expenses of administration of the Chapter 
11 Cases pursuant to sections 503(b), 507(a)(2), 507(b), or 1114(e)(2) of the Bankruptcy Code, 
including:  (i) the actual and necessary costs and expenses incurred on or after the Petition Date until and 
including the Effective Date of preserving the Company Entities’ estates and operating businesses, 
including fees and expenses Allowed by the Bankruptcy Court as compensation for services rendered or 
reimbursement of expenses incurred through and including the Effective Date under sections 330, 331, 
503(b)(2), 503(b)(3), 503(b)(4), or 503(b)(5) of the Bankruptcy Code; and (ii) all fees and charges 
assessed against the Company Entities’ estates pursuant to section 1930 of chapter 123 of title 28 of the 
United States Code. 
“Allowed” means, as to a Claim or an Interest, a Claim or an Interest allowed under the Plan, 
under the Bankruptcy Code, or by a Final Order, as applicable.  For the avoidance of doubt, (i) except 
with respect to any Claim arising from the rejection of unexpired leases by the Company Entities, there 
is no requirement to file a proof of claim (or move the Bankruptcy Court for allowance) to be an Allowed 
Claim under the Plan, and (ii) the Company Entities may affirmatively deem unimpaired Claims Allowed 
to the same extent such Claims would be allowed under applicable non-bankruptcy law.   
“DIP Agent” means the “Administrative Agent” and the “Collateral Agent” (each, as defined in 
the DIP Credit Agreement), solely in its capacity as administrative agent and collateral agent under the 
DIP Credit Agreement, its successors, assigns, or any replacement agent appointed pursuant to the terms 
of the DIP Credit Agreement. 
“DIP Claims” means all Claims held by the DIP Lenders or the DIP Agent on account of, arising 
under, or relating to the DIP Credit Agreement, the DIP Facility, or the DIP Orders, including Claims 
for all principal amounts outstanding, and any and all fees, interest, expenses, indemnification 
obligations, reimbursement obligations, and other amounts due under the DIP Documents. 
“DIP Professional Fees” means all fees, costs, and expenses of each of the Consenting Creditors 
and Wilmington Trust, N.A., as the DIP Agent, in each case, in connection with the negotiation, 
formulation, preparation, execution, delivery, implementation, consummation, and/or enforcement of the 
DIP Documents, the Restructuring Support Agreement, the Plan, and any of the other Definitive 
Documents, and the transactions contemplated thereunder. For the avoidance of doubt, the DIP 
Professional Fees shall include the fees, costs, and expenses of Paul Hastings LLP and Lazard Freres & 
Co. LLC. 
“Impaired” means “impaired” within the meaning of section 1124 of the Bankruptcy Code. 
“Intercompany Claims” means any Claim against a Company Entity held by another Company 
Entity. 
“Intercompany Interests” means an Interest in a Company Entity held by another Company 
Entity. 
“New Corporate Governance Documents” means the certificate of incorporation, certificate 
of formation, bylaws, limited liability company agreements, shareholder agreement (if any), operating 
agreement, or other similar organizational or formation documents, as applicable, of each of the 
Reorganized Company Entities. 
 “Other Priority Claim” means any Claim, other than an Administrative Claim or a Priority Tax 
Claim, entitled to priority in right of payment under section 507(a) of the Bankruptcy Code. 
“Other Secured Claim” means any secured claim that is not a First Lien Claim or Second Lien 
Claim. 
Case 25-90309   Document 14   Filed in TXSB on 08/20/25   Page 106 of 225

=== page 107 ===
 
13 
ADDITIONAL DEFINED TERMS 
 “Priority Tax Claim” means any Claim of a Governmental Unit of the kind specified in 
section 507(a)(8) of the Bankruptcy Code. 
“Pro Rata Share” means, except as provided in this Term Sheet and Restructuring Support 
Agreement, with respect to any distribution on account of an Allowed Claim, a distribution equal in 
amount to the ratio (expressed as a percentage) that the amount of such Allowed Claim bears to the 
aggregate amount of all Allowed Claims in its class. 
“Reinstated” means, with respect to Claims and Interests, that the Claim or Interest shall be 
rendered unimpaired in accordance with section 1124 of the Bankruptcy Code. 
“Restructuring Support Agreement” means the Restructuring Support Agreement to which 
this Term Sheet is annexed, in form and substance acceptable to the Required Consenting Creditors and 
the Company Entities. 
“Subordinated Claims” means any claim subject to subordination under section 510 of the 
Bankruptcy Code. 
“Unimpaired” means, with respect to a class of Claims or Interests, a class of Claims or Interests 
that is unimpaired within the meaning of section 1124 of the Bankruptcy Code. 
Case 25-90309   Document 14   Filed in TXSB on 08/20/25   Page 107 of 225

=== page 108 ===
  
 
Annex 1 
Company Entities 
A & B Homecare Solutions, L.L.C  
A.E. Medical Alert, Inc.  
ABC Homecare LLC  
All Metro Aids, Inc.  
All Metro Associate Payroll Services 
Corporation  
All Metro CGA Payroll Services 
Corporation  
All Metro Field Service Workers Payroll 
Services Corporation  
All Metro Health Care Services, Inc.  
All Metro Home Care Services of Florida, 
Inc.  
All Metro Home Care Services of New 
Jersey, Inc.  
All Metro Home Care Services of New 
York, Inc.  
All Metro Home Care Services, Inc.  
All Metro Management and Payroll Services 
Corporation  
All Metro Payroll Services Corporation  
AM Holdco, Inc.  
AM Intermediate Holdco, Inc.  
Arsens Home Care, Inc.  
ARU Hospice, Inc.  
Associated Home Services, Inc.  
At-Home Quality Care, LLC (f/k/a At-Home 
Quality Care, Inc.)  
Auditory Response Systems, Inc.  
Barney’s Medical Alert-ERS, Inc.  
California MedTrans Network IPA LLC  
California MedTrans Network MSO LLC  
Care Finders Total Care LLC  
CareGivers Alliance, LLC  
CareGivers America Home Health Services, 
LLC  
CareGivers America Medical Staffing, LLC  
CareGivers America Medical Supply, LLC  
CareGivers America Registry, LLC  
Caregivers America, LLC.  
Caregivers On Call, Inc.  
CGA Holdco, Inc.  
CGA Staffing Services, LLC  
Circulation, Inc.  
Florida MedTrans Network LLC  
Florida MedTrans Network MSO LLC  
Guardian Medical Monitoring, LLC  
Health Trans, Inc.  
Healthcom, Inc.  
Healthcom Holdings LLC  
Helping Hand Home Health Care Agency 
Inc  
Helping Hand Hospice Inc.   
Higi Care Holdings, LLC  
Higi Care, LLC  
higi SH Holdings Inc.  
higi SH LLC  
Independence Healthcare Corporation  
Metropolitan Medical Transportation IPA, 
LLC  
MLA Sales, LLC  
ModivCare Solutions, LLC  
Multicultural Home Care Inc.  
National Medtrans, LLC  
New England Emergency Response 
Systems, Inc.  
OEP AM, Inc.  
Panhandle Support Services, Inc.  
Personal In-Home Services, Inc.  
Philadelphia Home Care Agency, Inc.  
Provado Technologies, LLC  
Red Top Transportation, Inc.  
Ride Plus, LLC  
Safe Living Technologies, LLC  
Secura Home Health Holdings, Inc. (f/k/a 
Hearts at Home Holdings, Inc.)  
Secura Home Health, LLC (f/k/a Hearts at 
Home, LLC)  
Socrates Health Holdings, LLC  
TriMed, LLC  
Union Home Care LLC  
Valued Relationships, Inc.  
Victory Health Holdings, LLC  
VRI Intermediate Holdings, LLC  
  
 
 
Case 25-90309   Document 14   Filed in TXSB on 08/20/25   Page 108 of 225

=== page 109 ===
Annex 2 
DIP Facility Term Sheet 
 
Case 25-90309   Document 14   Filed in TXSB on 08/20/25   Page 109 of 225

=== page 110 ===
Final Version 
 
Senior Secured Debtor in Possession Facility 
 
Summary of Terms and Conditions1 
Set forth below is a summary of the principal terms and conditions for the DIP Facility (as defined herein).  
This summary of terms and conditions (together with all annexes, exhibits, and schedules attached hereto, 
as may be amended, amended and restated, supplemented or otherwise modified from time to time, this 
“DIP Term Sheet”) does not purport to summarize all of the terms, conditions, representations, warranties, 
and other provisions with respect to the DIP Facility which would be contained in the DIP Credit Agreement 
(as defined herein) and the other DIP Facility Documents (as defined herein). The obligations of the DIP 
Lenders (as defined herein) to provide the DIP Facility are conditioned upon entry of the DIP Orders (as 
defined herein) and the other terms and conditions set forth herein.   
 
Borrower: 
ModivCare Inc., a Delaware corporation (the “Borrower”), in its capacity as a debtor 
and debtor in possession in a case under chapter 11 of title 11 of the United States 
Code (the “Bankruptcy Code”) to be filed in the United States Bankruptcy Court for 
the Southern District of Texas (the “Bankruptcy Court”) (the date of such filing, 
the “Borrower Petition Date”). 
Guarantors: 
The obligations of the Borrower under the DIP Facility will be guaranteed by each 
material domestic subsidiary of the Borrower (collectively, the “Guarantors” and, 
together with Borrower, the “Debtors” or the “Loan Parties”; the obligations of the 
Loan Parties under the DIP Facility that are payable as set forth herein, collectively, 
the “DIP Obligations”), each of which will be a debtor and a debtor in possession in 
cases commenced under chapter 11 of the Bankruptcy Code in the Bankruptcy Court 
(collectively, the “Guarantors’ Chapter 11 Cases” and, together with the 
Borrower’s chapter 11 case, collectively, the “Chapter 11 Cases”), filed subsequent 
to, but jointly administered with, the Borrower’s chapter 11 case (the date of such 
filing, the “Guarantor Petition Date”; “Petition Date” shall mean the Borrower 
Petition Date or the Guarantor Petition Date, as the context requires).  For the 
avoidance of doubt, each Debtor shall be a Guarantor under the DIP Facility. 
Prepetition 
Credit Facility 
and First Lien 
Lenders: 
The Borrower is party to that certain Credit Agreement, dated as of February 3, 2022 
(as amended, waived, supplemented, or otherwise modified prior to the Petition Date, 
the “Prepetition Credit Agreement” and the facilities thereunder, the “Prepetition 
Facilities”), by and among the Borrower, the lenders party thereto from time to time 
(the “First Lien Lenders”), JPMorgan Chase Bank, N.A., as agent (the “Prepetition 
Agent”), governing the following indebtedness: 
(a) Prepetition Revolving Loans: indebtedness currently outstanding under the 
Prepetition Credit Agreement in the aggregate principal amount (exclusive of 
PIK interest on consent fees) of approximately $270,975,000 in respect of 
the “Revolving Loans” (as defined in the Prepetition Credit Agreement) 
thereunder (the “Prepetition Revolving Loans”), plus all accrued and 
unpaid interest thereon, fees, letter of credit reimbursement obligations, and 
expenses incurred in connection therewith, but excluding undrawn 
 
1 
Capitalized terms used but not defined herein have the meanings ascribed to such terms in the Restructuring 
Support Agreement (as defined herein) or the backstop agreement to which this DIP Term Sheet is attached, as 
the context requires. 
Case 25-90309   Document 14   Filed in TXSB on 08/20/25   Page 110 of 225

=== page 111 ===
 
 
 
-2- 
 
 
 
outstanding letters of credit (collectively, the “Prepetition Revolving Loan 
Obligations”); 
(b) Prepetition Initial Term Loans: indebtedness currently outstanding under 
the Prepetition Credit Agreement in the aggregate principal amount of 
approximately $522,239,937.63 in respect of the “Initial Term Loans” (as 
defined in the Prepetition Credit Agreement) thereunder (the “Prepetition 
Initial Term Loans”), plus all accrued and unpaid interest thereon, fees, and 
expenses incurred in connection therewith (collectively, the “Prepetition 
Initial Term Loan Obligations”); and 
(c) Prepetition Incremental Term Loans: indebtedness currently outstanding 
under the Prepetition Credit Agreement, in the aggregate principal amount of 
approximately $78,750,000 in respect of the “Amendment No. 5 Incremental 
Term Loans” (as defined in the Prepetition Credit Agreement) thereunder (the 
“Prepetition Incremental Loans”, together with the Prepetition Initial Term 
Loans, the “Prepetition Term Loans”, and collectively, with the Prepetition 
Revolving Loans, the “Prepetition Loans”), plus all accrued and unpaid 
interest thereon, fees, and expenses incurred in connection therewith 
(collectively, the “Prepetition Incremental Term Loan Obligations”, and 
together with the Prepetition Initial Term Loan Obligations, the “Prepetition 
Term Loan Obligations”, and collectively with the Prepetition Revolving 
Loan Obligations, the “Prepetition Obligations”). 
DIP Lenders: 
The DIP Facility shall be provided by the DIP Lenders as set forth herein. 
The term “DIP Lenders” shall mean, subject to the Syndication Procedures below, 
each “Lender” or “Affiliate” thereof with a DIP commitment (the “DIP 
Commitment”) listed in Schedule 2.01(A) to the DIP Credit Agreement that elects 
to fund such DIP Commitment through providing DIP Loans, together with their 
successors and assigns. 
Pursuant to the DIP Credit Agreement and Restructuring Support Agreement (as 
defined herein), the DIP Commitments shall be fully backstopped and structured by 
certain First Lien Lenders or their affiliates (the “Backstop Parties”).  The DIP Loans 
shall be available to all First Lien Lenders on a pro rata basis in accordance with 
procedures acceptable to the Backstop Parties. 
Pursuant to syndication procedures acceptable to the Backstop Parties (the 
“Syndication Procedures”), all holders of First Lien Claims (who become parties to 
the Restructuring Support Agreement in accordance with its terms prior to the closing 
of the DIP Facility syndication process) will be eligible to subscribe for their pro rata 
share of the commitments to fund DIP Loans based on their respective pro rata 
holdings of their First Lien Claims by committing to purchase such DIP Loans from 
Jefferies Capital Services, LLC.  The subscription period for these commitments 
pursuant to the Syndication Procedures shall be twenty (20) days from the Borrower 
Petition Date. 
To the extent that a holder of First Lien Claims (i) does not execute the Restructuring 
Support Agreement (in which case, such holder shall have no right to subscribe for 
any portion of the DIP Facility) or (ii) executes the Restructuring Support Agreement 
Case 25-90309   Document 14   Filed in TXSB on 08/20/25   Page 111 of 225

=== page 112 ===
 
 
 
-3- 
 
 
 
but does not subscribe for its pro rata portion of the DIP Facility in accordance with 
the Syndication Procedures, then (in either case) each Backstop Party shall, severally 
and not jointly, increase its pro rata share of the DIP Facility for any portion of the 
DIP Facility that is not subscribed for by the holder of such First Lien Claims. 
The DIP Loans will initially be funded by Jefferies Capital Services, LLC, as fronting 
lender (the “Fronting Lender”) and subsequently assigned to the initial DIP Lenders 
pursuant to the terms of a letter agreement between the Borrower and the Fronting 
Letter (the “Fronting Letter”). 
DIP Agent: 
Wilmington Trust, N.A. shall act as administrative agent and collateral agent with 
respect to the DIP Facility (in such capacity, the “DIP Agent”). 
DIP Facility: 
A senior secured superpriority priming debtor in possession facility in an aggregate 
principal amount of $100,000,000 (the “DIP Facility”) comprised of two or more 
draws of new money term loans (collectively, the “DIP Loans”) which (i) 
$62,500,000 of DIP Loans shall be made available to the Borrower in a single draw 
following entry of an order approving the DIP Facility on an interim basis on terms 
acceptable to the Required DIP Lenders (as defined herein) (the “Interim DIP 
Order”) and (ii) $37,500,000 of DIP Loans shall be made available to the Borrower 
following entry of an order approving the DIP Facility on a final basis on terms 
acceptable to the Required DIP Lenders (the “Final DIP Order” and together the 
Interim DIP Order, the “DIP Orders”), in each case in accordance with the terms of 
this DIP Term Sheet and the DIP Facility Documents.   
All DIP Loans shall become due and payable on, and all unfunded DIP Commitments 
shall be terminated upon, the occurrence of a DIP Termination Event (as defined 
herein).  Once repaid, DIP Loans shall not be reborrowed.  
DIP 
Termination 
Event: 
The “DIP Termination Event” with respect to the DIP Facility shall be the earliest 
to occur of: 
(a) the date that is six (6) months after the Closing Date, subject to a single three (3) 
month extension at the request of the Borrower and with the consent of the Required 
DIP Lenders in their sole discretion; 
(b) the substantial consummation (as defined in section 1101 of the Bankruptcy Code 
and which for purposes hereof shall be no later than the “effective date” thereof) of a 
plan of reorganization filed in the Chapter 11 Cases that is confirmed pursuant to an 
order entered by the Bankruptcy Court; 
(c) the date on which the DIP Loans are accelerated as a result of an Event of Default 
and all unfunded DIP Commitments (if any) have been terminated in accordance with 
the DIP Credit Agreement, by operation of law or otherwise; 
(d) the consummation of a sale of all or substantially all of the assets of the Debtors 
pursuant to section 363 of the Bankruptcy Code; and 
Case 25-90309   Document 14   Filed in TXSB on 08/20/25   Page 112 of 225

=== page 113 ===
 
 
 
-4- 
 
 
 
(e) dismissal of the Chapter 11 Cases or conversion of the Chapter 11 Cases to a case 
under chapter 7 of the Bankruptcy Code or appointment of a Chapter 11 trustee or 
examiner. 
Amortization: 
None. 
DIP Priority 
Account and Use 
of Proceeds: 
The proceeds of the DIP Loans shall be funded into a restricted account (such 
account, the “Restricted Account”) and released solely in accordance with the 
Approved Budget (as defined herein). 
 
The proceeds of the DIP Loans shall be used, in each case, subject to the DIP Orders 
and in accordance with the Approved Budget: 
 
(i) 
for the payment of working capital and other general corporate needs of the 
Debtors in the ordinary course of business; 
 
(ii) for the payment of the fees, costs, and expenses of administering the Chapter 
11 Cases; 
 
(iii) to pay obligations arising from or related to the Carve-Out (as defined in the 
DIP Orders); 
 
(iv) to pay such other prepetition obligations as approved by the Bankruptcy Court; 
 
(v) 
for the payment of the agency fees and reasonable and documented fees and 
expenses of the DIP Agent and the DIP Lenders owed under the DIP Facility 
Documents; and 
 
(vi) for other general corporate purposes. 
 
DIP Facility 
Documents: 
“Documentation Principles” means that the DIP Facility will be documented (i) in 
a credit agreement (the “DIP Credit Agreement”), which shall be based upon the 
Prepetition Credit Agreement and other customary guarantee, security, and other 
relevant documentation as mutually agreed by the Borrower and the Required DIP 
Lenders and (ii) through the terms of the DIP Orders (collectively, the “DIP Facility 
Documents”). It is agreed and understood that the DIP Credit Agreement will permit 
all transactions approved by Approved Budget and any subsequent Approved Budget, 
including any investments in foreign subsidiaries, and will permit the issuance or 
extension of two “Specified Letters of Credit” and the “Intact Contract”, each to be 
defined therein. Notwithstanding anything herein to the contrary, the DIP  Liens on 
the DIP Collateral shall be created and perfected by the Interim DIP Order and Final 
DIP Order, as applicable, and no mortgages or other perfection documentation or 
action (other than UCC-1 financing statements), including mortgages, control 
agreements, landlord waivers, foreign law perfection actions, third party consents or 
orders, or delivery of stock certificates or any other possessory collateral shall be 
required; provided that, upon the reasonable request of the DIP Lenders, the Loan 
Parties shall make filings or take any other actions with respect to the perfection of 
liens. 
Case 25-90309   Document 14   Filed in TXSB on 08/20/25   Page 113 of 225

=== page 114 ===
 
 
 
-5- 
 
 
 
Interest Rates 
and Fees: 
As set forth on Annex A-1 attached hereto and in any applicable fee letters. 
Optional 
Prepayments: 
The Borrower shall have the right at any time and from time to time to prepay any 
DIP Loan in whole or in part, without premium or penalty, subject to payment of the 
Exit Fee and without prejudice to the Backstop Premium.  
Mandatory 
Prepayments: 
Mandatory prepayments of the DIP Loans shall be required with 100% of the net cash 
proceeds from (A) the sale or other disposition of DIP Collateral outside the ordinary 
course of business, (B) any casualty events, insurance, and condemnation proceeds 
in respect of any DIP Collateral, (C) any non-permitted sale or issuance of debt for 
borrowed money, evidenced by bonds, notes, or debentures, and (D) any 
extraordinary receipts; provided however, any amounts otherwise required to be 
prepaid pursuant to clauses (B) or (D) above that have been deposited into the 
Restricted Account shall not be required to be repaid.  The DIP Credit Agreement 
shall contain customary provisions permitting the DIP Lenders to decline to accept 
mandatory prepayments. 
Security and 
Priority: 
The DIP Obligations shall be, subject solely to (i) the Carve-Out and (ii) certain liens 
senior in priority by operation of law to the liens of the First Lien Lenders under the 
Prepetition Credit Agreement, but solely to the extent such liens were valid, properly 
perfected, and non-avoidable as of the Petition Date, or valid, non-avoidable, senior 
priority liens in existence as of the Petition Date that are perfected after the Petition 
Date as permitted by section 546(b) of the Bankruptcy Code (the “Permitted 
Liens”): 
(a) 
pursuant to section 364(c)(1) of the Bankruptcy Code, entitled to joint and 
several superpriority administrative expense claim status in all of the Chapter 
11 Cases (the “DIP Superpriority Claims”); and 
(b) 
pursuant to sections 364(c)(2), 364(c)(3), and 364(d)(1) of the Bankruptcy 
Code, secured by fully perfected senior security interests and liens on the DIP 
Collateral (as defined herein) (collectively, the “DIP Liens”), 
in each case, as described in further detail in the DIP Orders. 
The DIP Liens shall be effective and perfected upon entry of the DIP Orders without 
the necessity of the execution, filing, or recordation of mortgages, security 
agreements, pledge agreements, financing statements, account control agreements, or 
other agreements. 
“DIP Collateral” means, subject to Documentation Principles (i) the Loan Parties’ 
interest in all assets and properties, whether tangible, intangible, real, personal, or 
mixed, whether now owned by or owing to, or hereafter acquired by, or arising in 
favor of, the Loan Parties (including under any trade names, styles, or derivations 
thereof), and whether owned or consigned by or to, or leased from or to, the Loan 
Parties, and regardless of where located, in each case to the extent such assets and 
properties constitute “Collateral” (as defined in the Prepetition Credit Agreement); 
and (ii) property of the Loan Parties, whether existing on the Petition Date or 
thereafter acquired, that, on or as of the Petition Date is not subject to valid, perfected, 
and non-avoidable liens (or perfected after the Petition Date to the extent permitted 
Case 25-90309   Document 14   Filed in TXSB on 08/20/25   Page 114 of 225

=== page 115 ===
 
 
 
-6- 
 
 
 
by Bankruptcy Code section 546(b)) (subject only to the Carve-Out), including, 
without limitation, all unencumbered assets of the Loan Parties, all prepetition 
property and postpetition property of the Loan Parties’ estates, and the proceeds, 
products, rents, and profits thereof, whether arising from Bankruptcy Code section 
552(b) or otherwise, including, without limitation, unencumbered cash (and any 
investment of such cash) of the Loan Parties (whether maintained with the DIP Agent 
or otherwise), all equipment, all goods, all accounts, cash, payment intangibles, bank 
accounts, and other deposit or securities accounts of the Loan Parties (including any 
accounts opened prior to, on, or after the Petition Date), insurance policies and 
proceeds thereof, equity interests, instruments, intercompany claims, accounts 
receivable, other rights to payment, all general intangibles, all contracts and contract 
rights, securities, investment property, letters of credit and letter of credit rights, 
chattel paper, all interest rate hedging agreements, all owned real estate, real property 
leaseholds, fixtures, patents, copyrights, trademarks, trade names, rights under license 
agreements and other intellectual property, all commercial tort claims, and all claims 
and causes of action (including the proceeds of any claim or cause of action arising 
under Chapter 5 of the Bankruptcy Code or any applicable state law Uniform 
Fraudulent Transfer Act, Uniform Fraudulent Conveyance Act, or similar statute or 
common law), and any and all proceeds of the foregoing, excluding the Excluded 
Assets.  Notwithstanding anything to the contrary herein, to the extent a DIP Lien 
cannot attach to the DIP Collateral pursuant to applicable law, the DIP Liens granted 
pursuant to the DIP Orders shall attach to the Loan Parties’ economic rights, 
including, without limitation, any and all such proceeds of such DIP Collateral and 
any Excluded Assets. 
“Excluded Assets” means, subject to the Documentation Principles, (i) property that 
cannot be subject to liens pursuant to applicable law, rule, contract, or regulation 
(including any requirement to obtain the consent (after the use of commercially 
reasonable efforts to obtain such consent) of any governmental authority or third 
party, unless such consent has been obtained) or restrictions of contract (including, 
without limitation, federal concessions as well as equipment leases and financing 
arrangements) existing on the Closing Date or the time of entry of such contract (other 
than to the extent such restriction is ineffective under the Uniform Commercial Code 
or other applicable law), (ii) any asset to the extent the provision of a security interest 
with respect to such asset would result in material and adverse tax consequences to 
the Borrower or any of its subsidiaries, to the extent consented by the Required DIP 
Lenders, and (iii) any asset where the cost of obtaining a security interest therein 
exceeds the practical benefit to the DIP Lenders, as determined in the sole discretion 
of the Required DIP Lenders; provided, however, that Excluded Assets referred to in 
clauses (i) through (iii) shall not include any proceeds, substitutions, or replacements 
of any Excluded Assets.  Except as specified by the Required DIP Lenders, no Debtor 
shall be required to take any action under the law of any non-U.S. jurisdiction to 
create or perfect a security interest in any assets located outside the United States or 
any other assets that require such action, including any intellectual property registered 
in any non-U.S. jurisdiction (and no security agreements or pledge agreements 
governed under the laws of any non-U.S. jurisdiction shall be required). 
Carve-Out and 
Related 
Provisions:   
As set forth in the DIP Orders.  
Case 25-90309   Document 14   Filed in TXSB on 08/20/25   Page 115 of 225

=== page 116 ===
 
 
 
-7- 
 
 
 
 
Limitation on 
Use of Proceeds 
of DIP Facility: 
As set forth in the DIP Orders. 
 
Adequate 
Protection & 
Other 
Protections: 
As set forth in the DIP Orders.  
 
Termination of 
Consent to Use 
Cash Collateral:  
  
 
Subject to the terms of the DIP Orders, the consensual use of cash collateral will be 
terminated upon the expiration of the Remedies Notice Period as described below. 
 
Conditions 
Precedent to the 
Extension of 
Credit: 
The extension of credit (the “Closing”; the date on which the Closing occurs, the 
“Closing Date”) under the DIP Facility shall be subject to the following conditions, 
unless waived by the Required DIP Lenders: 
 
A. DIP Agent’s fee letter and the Fronting Letter, in form and substance satisfactory 
to the DIP Agent and the Fronting Lender, respectively, shall have been executed 
and delivered by each party thereto. 
 
B. The DIP Credit Agreement and all other applicable DIP Facility Documents shall 
have been executed and delivered by each party thereto. 
 
C. The Interim DIP Order, which shall be in form and substance satisfactory to 
Debtors, the DIP Agent, and the Required DIP Lenders, shall be in full force and 
effect and shall not have been vacated, reversed, modified, amended, or stayed in 
any respect. 
 
D. All fees and invoiced costs and expenses (including, without limitation, 
reasonable, documented, and invoiced legal fees and expenses) required to be paid 
to the Backstop Parties, the DIP Agent, and the DIP Lenders on or before the 
Closing Date shall have been paid. 
 
E. The DIP Agent and the DIP Lenders shall have received, prior to the Closing 
Date, in a form and substance reasonably satisfactory to the Required DIP 
Lenders, a thirteen (13)-week rolling cash flow budget for the period from the 
Closing Date through the end of such thirteen (13)-week period (such initial 
approved budget and subsequent budgets approved by the Required DIP Lenders 
as described below, the “Approved Budget”). 
 
F. The DIP Agent and the DIP Lenders shall have received, on or prior to the Closing 
Date, customary closing deliverables with respect to each Debtor addressing such 
customary matters as the DIP Lenders shall reasonably request, secretary’s 
certificates with organizational documents, resolutions, and incumbency 
certificates attached and officer’s closing certificate, in each case, in form and 
substance reasonably satisfactory to the Required DIP Lenders; provided, that, 
notwithstanding anything herein to the contrary, no legal opinions shall be 
required in connection with the DIP Facility. 
Case 25-90309   Document 14   Filed in TXSB on 08/20/25   Page 116 of 225

=== page 117 ===
 
 
 
-8- 
 
 
 
 
G. There shall exist no known unstayed action, suit, investigation, litigation, or 
proceeding with respect to the Borrower and its subsidiaries pending in any court 
or before any arbitrator or governmental instrumentality (other than the Chapter 
11 Cases) that would reasonably be expected to result in a Material Adverse 
Effect. 
“Material Adverse Effect” shall mean any circumstance or condition that would 
individually or in the aggregate, have a material adverse effect on (i) the business, 
assets, operations, properties, or financial condition of the Borrower and its 
subsidiaries, taken as a whole (other than as a result of events leading up to and 
customarily resulting from the commencement of the Chapter 11 Cases and the 
continuation and prosecution thereof, including any decline in business 
relationships, reputation, or financial performance resulting from the Chapter 11 
filing), (ii) the ability of the Loan Parties (taken as a whole) to perform their 
respective payment obligations under the DIP Orders and the other DIP Facility 
Documents (other than as a result of events leading up to and resulting from the 
commencement of the Chapter 11 Cases and the continuation and prosecution 
thereof), or (iii) the rights and remedies of the DIP Lenders or the DIP Agent 
under the DIP Orders and the other DIP Facility Documents; provided, that any 
effects resulting from changes in general economic conditions, financial markets, 
industry conditions, or geopolitical events, except to the extent such effects have 
a materially disproportionate impact on the Borrower relative to similarly situated 
companies, shall not constitute a Material Adverse Effect.  No event shall 
constitute a Material Adverse Effect to the extent such event is expressly 
addressed by the Milestones or Budget Variances set forth in the DIP Facility 
Documents. 
H. Since the Petition Date, there shall not have occurred any circumstance or 
conditions, which individually or in the aggregate, constitutes or is reasonably 
expected to constitute, a Material Adverse Effect. 
I. All necessary and material governmental and third-party consents and approvals 
necessary in connection with the DIP Facility and the transactions contemplated 
thereby shall have been obtained on or prior to the Closing Date. 
J. The DIP Agent and each DIP Lender who has requested the same at least seven 
(7) business days before the Closing Date shall have received, no later than three 
(3) business days before the Closing Date, all documentation and other 
information required under applicable “know your customer” and anti-money 
laundering rules and regulations, including the U.S. Patriot Act. 
 
K. Granting to the DIP Agent, for the benefit of the DIP Agent and the DIP Lenders, 
valid and perfected liens, satisfactory to the Required DIP Lenders, via entry of 
the DIP Order, on the security interests in the DIP Collateral of the Loan Parties 
set forth in the “Security and Priority” section above; the Borrower shall have 
delivered Uniform Commercial Code financing statements with respect to the 
Borrower and the other Loan Parties, in suitable form for filing satisfactory to the 
Required DIP Lenders. 
L. The Restructuring Support Agreement, dated as of the date hereof, among the 
Company Parties and Consenting Creditors (as each such term is defined therein) 
Case 25-90309   Document 14   Filed in TXSB on 08/20/25   Page 117 of 225

=== page 118 ===
 
 
 
-9- 
 
 
 
(the “Restructuring Support Agreement”), shall be in full force and effect, shall 
not have been amended or modified without the consents required therein, and 
shall not have been terminated as to the Company Entities or the Consenting First 
Lien Lenders. 
M. All “first day orders” entered at the time of commencement of the Chapter 11 
Cases and all “second day orders” shall be reasonably satisfactory to the Required 
DIP Lenders. 
N. No default or Event of Default shall exist or would result from such proposed 
funding or from the application of the proceeds therefrom. 
O. Representations and warranties of the Loan Parties in the DIP Facility Documents 
shall be true and correct in all material respects (or in the case of representations 
and warranties with a “materiality” qualifier, true and correct in all respects (after 
giving effect to any qualification therein)) on and as of the date of such funding 
or issuance, except to the extent such representations and warranties expressly 
relate to an earlier date, in which case they shall be true and correct in all material 
respects as of such earlier date.  
P. The DIP Facility shall not violate any requirement of law, the violation of which 
constitutes or is reasonably expected to constitute a Material Adverse Effect, after 
giving effect to the DIP Orders, and any other order of the Bankruptcy Court, and 
shall not be enjoined, temporarily, preliminarily, or permanently. 
Q. The DIP Agent shall have received, a borrowing notice one (1) business day prior 
to funding in the form set forth in the DIP Facility Documents. 
R. All material “first day” orders shall have been entered on an interim basis or final 
basis, as applicable, and shall be reasonably satisfactory to the Required DIP 
Lenders. 
S. Satisfaction by the Debtors of all DIP Milestones (as defined herein) that were 
required under the DIP Facility Documents to have been satisfied as of the date 
of each borrowing. 
T. The DIP Order, which shall be in form and substance satisfactory to DIP Agent 
and the Required DIP Lenders, shall be in full force and effect and shall not have 
been vacated, reversed, modified, amended, or stayed in any respect. 
U. The Fronting Letter shall have been duly executed and delivered by each of the 
parties signatory thereto. 
V. The Fronting Lender shall have received the master consent to assignment duly 
executed and delivered by the Borrower and the DIP Agent. 
 
The conditions precedent to subsequent borrowing and the withdrawals under the DIP 
Facility after the Closing Date shall be subject to the following conditions, unless 
waived by the Required DIP Lenders: 
Case 25-90309   Document 14   Filed in TXSB on 08/20/25   Page 118 of 225

=== page 119 ===
 
 
 
-10- 
 
 
 
 
A. entry of the Final DIP Order. 
B. The DIP Agent, for the benefit of the DIP Secured Parties (as defined in the 
Interim DIP Order), shall have valid, binding, enforceable, non-avoidable, 
and automatically and fully and perfected DIP Liens on, and security interest 
in, the DIP Collateral, in each case, as set forth in and having the priorities 
set forth in the Final DIP Order. 
 
C. The DIP Agent shall have received, a borrowing notice one (1) business day 
prior to funding in the form set forth in the DIP Facility Documents. 
D. The Restructuring Support Agreement shall be in full force and effect and 
shall not have been amended or modified without the consents required 
therein.  
 
E. Representations and warranties of the Loan Parties in the DIP Facility 
Documents shall be true and correct in all material respects (or in the case of 
representations and warranties with a “materiality” qualifier, true and correct 
in all respects (after giving effect to any qualification therein)) on and as of 
the date of such funding or issuance, except to the extent such representations 
and warranties expressly relate to an earlier date, in which case they shall be 
true and correct in all material respects as of such earlier date.  
F. At the time of and immediately after giving effect to such borrowing, no 
default or Event of Default shall have occurred and be continuing. 
Representations 
and Warranties: 
The DIP Facility Documents shall contain usual and customary representations and 
warranties, subject to the Documentation Principles. 
Affirmative 
Covenants: 
The DIP Facility Documents shall contain usual and customary affirmative 
covenants, subject to the Documentation Principles. 
DIP Milestones:  
The Debtors shall comply with all milestones set forth in Exhibit C to the 
Restructuring Support Agreement, as extended pursuant to the terms thereof (the 
“DIP Milestones”).   
Negative 
Covenants: 
The DIP Facility Documents shall contain usual and customary negative covenants, 
subject to the Documentation Principles. 
Financial 
Covenants: 
The DIP Facility will contain the following financial covenants: 
 
Variance Covenant. As of the last date of each Test Period, (1) the unfavorable 
variance (as compared to the Approved Budget) of the cumulative operating cash 
receipts of the Debtors shall not exceed 15% and (2) the unfavorable variance (as 
compared to the Approved Budget) of the cumulative operating disbursements (other 
than professional fees and expenses incurred by the Debtors, the DIP Agent, and the 
advisors to the Backstop Parties) shall not exceed 15%, in each case, (collectively, 
the “Permitted Variances”). “Test Period” shall mean (i) initially, the period 
commencing on the Petition Date and ending on September 28, 2025 and 
(ii) thereafter, the four or five week period ending on the last Sunday of the month. 
Case 25-90309   Document 14   Filed in TXSB on 08/20/25   Page 119 of 225

=== page 120 ===
 
 
 
-11- 
 
 
 
For the avoidance of doubt, see Schedule 5.1(f) for the reporting period and Test 
Periods. 
Minimum Liquidity Covenant. As of the last day of any month following the 
Closing Date, the Debtors shall maintain Liquidity of not less than $50,000,000.  
“Liquidity” means as at any date of determination the amount of unrestricted cash of 
the Debtors at such time (including, for the avoidance of doubt, the proceeds of the 
DIP Facility including amounts that remain in the Restricted Account). 
Budget and 
Reporting 
Requirements: 
The Borrower shall provide: (i) on or prior to the Friday of each week, Approved 
Budget variance reports on a line-item basis and Liquidity reports, in each case, for 
the cumulative reporting period pursuant to Schedule 5.01(f) and a computation of 
Liquidity as of the preceding calendar week-end; and (ii) in accordance with Schedule 
5.01(f) (or, at the option of the Borrower, more frequently), an updated forecast on a 
rolling 13-week basis, in form and substance reasonably satisfactory to the Required 
DIP Lenders in their sole discretion (the “Updated Budget”), which shall become 
the then Approved Budget upon approval by Required DIP Lenders in their sole 
discretion (and to the extent any Updated Budget is not approved by the Required 
DIP Lenders, the Approved Budget that is then in effect shall continue to constitute 
the Approved Budget for purposes of the DIP Facility); provided, however, that (i) 
the Updated Budget will be deemed approved unless the Required DIP Lenders 
provide written notice of their objection thereto (email being sufficient) within three 
(3) Business Days of the delivery of such Updated Budget, and during such period, 
the Initial DIP Budget or most recent Approved Budget, as applicable, shall remain 
in effect (the “Interim Approval Period”), (ii) following the Interim Approval 
Period, if no objection is received from the Required DIP Lenders pursuant to clause 
(i) of this proviso, the Updated Budget shall be deemed the Approved Budget (it being 
understood that the Approved Budget shall be the initial Approved Budget until 
superseded by an approved Updated Budget), and (iii) the Required DIP Lenders shall 
not have any obligation to approve any Updated Budget. 
Events of 
Default: 
The DIP Credit Agreement will contain events of default typical for facilities of this 
type and otherwise based on the events of default set forth in the Prepetition Credit 
Agreement and reasonably acceptable to the Required DIP Lenders (collectively the 
“Events of Default”), including, without limitation, the following: 
 
 
(i) the entry of an order dismissing any of the Chapter 11 Cases or converting any 
of the Chapter 11 Cases to a case under chapter 7 of the Bankruptcy Code; 
(ii) the entry of an order appointing a chapter 11 trustee or a responsible officer 
having expanded powers, or similar person, in any of the Chapter 11 Cases; 
 
(iii) the entry of an order staying, reversing, vacating, or otherwise modifying 
any of the DIP Orders, in each case, in a manner adverse in any respect to the 
DIP Agent or any DIP Lenders; 
 
(iv) the entry of an order in any of the Chapter 11 Cases appointing an examiner 
having expanded powers relating to the operation of the Debtors’ business 
(beyond those set forth under sections 1106(a)(3) and (4) of the Bankruptcy 
Code); 
Case 25-90309   Document 14   Filed in TXSB on 08/20/25   Page 120 of 225

=== page 121 ===
 
 
 
-12- 
 
 
 
 
(v) the entry of an order in any of the Chapter 11 Cases confirming a plan that is 
inconsistent with the Restructuring Support Agreement; 
 
(vi) the entry of an order in any of the Chapter 11 Cases granting adequate 
protection to any other person other than as set forth in the DIP Orders or as 
consented to by the Required DIP Lenders; 
 
(vii) other than with respect to the Carve-Out, the entry of an order in any of the 
Chapter 11 Cases denying or terminating use of cash collateral by the Loan 
Parties or imposing any additional conditions thereon; 
 
(viii) the entry of a final, non-appealable order in any of the Chapter 11 Cases 
charging any of the DIP Collateral under section 506(c) of the Bankruptcy Code 
against the DIP Agent, any DIP Lenders, the First Lien Lenders or any holders 
of Second Lien Notes; 
 
(ix) other than the DIP Orders, the entry of an order in any of the Chapter 11 
Cases seeking authority to use cash collateral or to obtain financing under section 
364 of the Bankruptcy Code; 
 
(x) the entry of a final, non-appealable order in any of the Chapter 11 Cases 
granting relief from any stay of proceeding (including, without limitation, the 
automatic stay) so as to allow a third party to (i) proceed against any assets of the 
Loan Parties in excess of $5,000,000 in the aggregate or (ii) pursue other actions 
that would have a Material Adverse Effect on the Debtors or their estates; 
 
(xi) the filing of any pleading by any Loan Party seeking, or otherwise consenting 
to, any of the matters set forth in clauses (i) through (x) above; 
 
(xii) the Loan Parties or any of their subsidiaries, or any person claiming by or 
through the Loan Parties or any of their subsidiaries, shall obtain court 
authorization to commence, or shall commence, join in, assist, or otherwise 
participate as an adverse party in any suit or other proceeding against the DIP 
Agent, any of the DIP Lenders, any First Lien Lenders  or any holders of Second 
Lien Notes and their respective rights, remedies, and claims under or related to 
the DIP Facility or the DIP Orders in any of the Chapter 11 Cases or inconsistent 
with the DIP Facility Documents and the DIP Orders, including with respect to 
the Debtors’ stipulations, admissions, agreements, and releases contained in the 
applicable orders; 
 
(xiii) filing of a chapter 11 plan or disclosure statement that is not reasonably 
acceptable to the Required DIP Lenders in their sole discretion; 
 
(xiv) entry of an order or filing of any document by any of the Debtors in any of 
the Chapter 11 Cases granting or seeking to grant, other than in respect of the 
DIP Facility and the Carve-Out or as otherwise permitted under the applicable 
DIP Facility Documents or the DIP Orders, any superpriority administrative 
expense claim status in the Chapter 11 Cases pursuant to section 364(c)(1) of the 
Bankruptcy Code pari passu with or senior to the claims of the DIP Agent and 
Case 25-90309   Document 14   Filed in TXSB on 08/20/25   Page 121 of 225

=== page 122 ===
 
 
 
-13- 
 
 
 
the DIP Lenders under the DIP Facility or secured by liens pari passu with or 
senior to the liens securing the Prepetition Obligations or the adequate protection 
liens granted to the First Lien Lenders or holders of Second Lien Notes, as 
applicable; 
 
(xv) any of the Loan Parties or any of their subsidiaries shall seek, support 
(including by filing a pleading in support thereof) or fail to contest in good faith 
any of the matters set forth in clauses (i) through (xiv) above; 
(xvi) the making of any payments in respect of Prepetition Obligations, Second 
Lien Notes or indebtedness under the Unsecured Notes Indenture other than (a) as 
permitted by the DIP Orders, (b) as permitted by any “first day” orders 
satisfactory to the Required DIP Lenders, (c) as set forth under the Approved 
Budget (subject to Permitted Variances) or (d) approved by the Required DIP 
Lenders in their sole discretion; 
(xvii) the Loan Parties or any of their subsidiaries shall fail to comply with the 
terms of any of the DIP Orders;  
(xviii) the Loan Parties or any of their subsidiaries, or any person claiming by or 
through the Loan Parties or any of their subsidiaries, shall obtain court 
authorization to commence, or shall commence, join in, assist, or otherwise 
participate as an adverse party in any suit or other proceeding against the agents 
under the Prepetition Facilities, the Second Lien Claims or any of the lenders or 
creditors under the Prepetition Facilities or Second Lien Noteholders relating to 
the Prepetition Facilities or Second Lien Notes Claims, as applicable, in their 
capacities as such;  
(xix) without the consent of the Required DIP Lenders, any Debtor shall file (or 
fail to oppose) any motion seeking an order authorizing the sale of all or 
substantially all of the assets of the Loan Parties; 
(xx) the Bankruptcy Court shall enter an order denying, terminating, or 
modifying (a) the Debtors’ exclusive plan filing and plan solicitation periods 
under section 1121 of the Bankruptcy Code or (b) the exclusive right of any 
Debtor to file a chapter 11 plan pursuant to section 1121 of the Bankruptcy Code, 
unless such order was entered as a result of a request by, or received support 
from, the Required DIP Lenders; 
(xxi) without the consent of the Required DIP Lenders, the Bankruptcy Court 
enters an order approving a sale transaction; 
(xxii) the termination of the Restructuring Support Agreement;  
(xxiii) failure to comply with DIP Milestones; or 
(xxiv) additional customary events of default relating to the Chapter 11 Cases. 
 
Upon the occurrence and during the continuation of a DIP Termination Event, 
following delivery by the DIP Agent (at the direction of the Required DIP Lenders) 
of written notice, on not less than 5 business days’ notice date (the “Remedies Notice 
Case 25-90309   Document 14   Filed in TXSB on 08/20/25   Page 122 of 225

=== page 123 ===
 
 
 
-14- 
 
 
 
Period”), to the Debtors and Debtors’ counsel, the U.S. Trustee, and any Creditors’ 
Committee, the automatic stay under section 362 of the Bankruptcy Code shall be 
deemed modified to the extent necessary to permit the DIP Agent (acting at the 
direction of the Required DIP Lenders under the DIP Facility Documents) to declare 
the occurrence of a DIP Termination Event and, upon expiration of the Remedies 
Notice Period unless otherwise order by the Bankruptcy Court, to (i) terminate, 
reduce, or restrict the DIP Commitments (to the extent any such commitment 
remains), (ii) accelerate and declare all DIP Obligations to be immediately due and 
payable, (iii) terminate the DIP Facility and the DIP Facility Documents as to any 
further liability or obligation thereunder, but without affecting the DIP Liens, the DIP 
Superpriority Claims, or the DIP Obligations, (iv) terminate, restrict, or revoke the 
ability of the Debtors to use cash collateral, (v) charge interest at the default rate set 
forth in the DIP Facility Documents, and/or (vi) exercise or enforce any rights and 
remedies against the DIP Collateral as set forth in the DIP Facility Documents or 
under applicable law (subject to any applicable intercreditor provisions set forth in 
the DIP Orders and the relative rights and priorities set forth in the DIP Order); 
provided, however, that the Debtors and the Creditors’ Committee (if appointed) may, 
during the Remedies Notice Period, be entitled to seek emergency relief before the 
Bankruptcy Court, subject to the Bankruptcy Court’s availability (“Emergency 
Motion”) (in which case, the Remedies Notice Period shall automatically extend until 
the Bankruptcy Court’s adjudication of such Emergency Motion). Unless the 
Bankruptcy Court orders otherwise, upon the expiration of the Remedies Notice 
Period (subject to extension in the event an Emergency Motion is filed), the automatic 
stay shall automatically be deemed terminated, without further notice, hearing, or 
order of the Bankruptcy Court, and the DIP Agent (acting at the instruction of the 
Required DIP Lenders under the DIP Facility Documents) shall be permitted to 
exercise all remedies set forth in the DIP Orders and in the DIP Facility Documents 
or applicable law, and the Debtors’ right to use any cash collateral shall immediately 
cease. 
Right to Credit 
Bid: 
Subject to the terms of the DIP Order, to the extent provided in section 363(k) of the 
Bankruptcy Code and applicable law, the DIP Agent, or any assignee or designee of 
the DIP Agent, acting at the direction of the Required DIP Lenders and on behalf of 
the DIP Lenders, shall have the right to credit bid up to the full amount of the DIP 
Obligations in the sale of any of the Debtors’ assets, including pursuant to (i) 
Bankruptcy Code section 363, (ii) a plan of reorganization or a plan of liquidation 
under Bankruptcy Code section 1129 or (iii) a sale or disposition by a chapter 7 
trustee for any Debtor under Bankruptcy Code section 725. The DIP Agent and the 
DIP Lenders shall have the absolute right to assign, sell, or otherwise dispose of their 
respective rights to credit bid in connection with any credit bid by or on behalf of the 
DIP Agent and/or the DIP Lenders to any acquisition entity or joint venture formed 
in connection with such bid. 
Expenses and 
Indemnification: 
The Borrower and each Guarantor shall jointly and severally pay or reimburse the 
reasonable and documented fees and out-of-pocket costs and expenses incurred by 
the DIP Agent and the Backstop Parties (including the fees and out-of-pocket costs 
and expenses of Paul Hastings LLP), in each case, in connection with (i) the Chapter 
11 Cases generally, (ii) the preparation, negotiation, and execution of the DIP Facility 
Documents, (iii) the funding of the DIP Facility, (iv) the creation, perfection, or 
protection of the liens under the DIP Facility Documents (including all search, filing, 
Case 25-90309   Document 14   Filed in TXSB on 08/20/25   Page 123 of 225

=== page 124 ===
 
 
 
-15- 
 
 
 
and recording fees) and (v) the on-going administration of the DIP Facility 
Documents (including the preparation, negotiation, and execution of any 
amendments, consents, waivers, assignments, restatements, or supplements thereto).  
The Borrower and each Guarantor shall jointly and severally pay or reimburse the 
reasonable and documented fees and out-of-pocket costs and expenses incurred by 
the DIP Agent and the Backstop Parties. 
The DIP Facility Documents will contain customary indemnification provisions by 
the Borrower and each Guarantor (jointly and severally) in favor of  the DIP Agent 
and the Backstop Parties and each of their respective affiliates, successors and assigns 
and the respective partners, officers, directors, employees, agents, advisors, 
controlling persons, and members of each of the foregoing and attorneys and 
representatives of each of the foregoing (each, an “Indemnified Person”); provided 
that no Indemnified Person will be indemnified for any losses, claims, damages, 
liabilities, or related expenses to the extent determined by a final, non-appealable 
judgment of a court of competent jurisdiction to have been incurred primarily by 
reason of the gross negligence or willful misconduct of such Indemnified Person. 
The payment of all professional fees and expenses shall be made without the necessity 
of filing fee applications with the Bankruptcy Court or compliance with the U.S. 
Trustee’s guidelines and shall not be subject to further application to or approval of 
the Bankruptcy Court; provided, however, each such professional shall provide 
summary copies of its invoices (which may be redacted or modified to the extent 
necessary to delete any information subject to the attorney-client privilege, any 
information constituting attorney work product, or any other confidential 
information, and the provision of their invoices shall not constitute any waiver of the 
attorney-client privilege or of any benefits of the attorney work product doctrine) to 
counsel to the Debtors, the U.S. Trustee, and counsel to the Creditors’ Committee 
(collectively, the “Review Parties”).  Any objections raised by any Review Party 
with respect to such invoices must be in writing (emailing being sufficient) and state 
with particularity the grounds therefor and must be submitted to the affected 
professional within ten (10) calendar days after delivery of such invoices to the 
Review Parties (such ten (10) day calendar period, the “Review Period”).   If no 
written (email being sufficient) objection is received prior to the expiration of the 
Review Period from the Review Parties, the Debtors shall promptly pay such invoices 
following the expiration of the Review Period. If an objection is received within the 
Review Period from the Review Parties, the Debtors shall promptly pay the 
undisputed amount of the invoice, and the disputed portion of such invoice shall not 
be paid until such dispute is resolved by agreement between the affected professional 
and the objecting party or by order of the Bankruptcy Court.   
The Borrower and each Guarantor shall jointly and severally pay or reimburse the 
Fronting Lender for all reasonable and documented out-of-pocket costs and expenses 
as set forth in the Fronting Letter.  
Assignments and 
Participations: 
Subject to Documentation Principles, the DIP Lenders may assign all or any part of 
the DIP Loans or the DIP Commitments from time to time with the consent of the 
Borrower, which consent shall not be unreasonably withheld, conditioned, or 
delayed; provided that no consent of the Borrower shall be required (i) during the 
continuance of an Event of Default, (ii) for any assignment to a DIP Lender, an 
Case 25-90309   Document 14   Filed in TXSB on 08/20/25   Page 124 of 225

=== page 125 ===
 
 
 
-16- 
 
 
 
Affiliate of a DIP Lender, an Approved Fund, or any other person that has become a 
party to the Restructuring Support Agreement pursuant to the terms thereof; or (iii) 
for any assignment by the Fronting Lender pursuant to the syndication in accordance 
with the Fronting Letter.   The parties to each assignment shall execute and deliver to 
the DIP Agent an assignment agreement in a form acceptable to the DIP Agent (an 
“Assignment Agreement”).  Subject to receipt and recording thereof by the DIP 
Agent, from and after the date specified in the applicable Assignment Agreement, the 
assignee thereunder shall be a party to the DIP Credit Agreement and, to the extent 
of the interest assigned by such Assignment Agreement, have the rights and 
obligations of a DIP Lender thereunder, and the assigning DIP Lender thereunder 
shall, to the extent of the interest assigned under such Assignment Agreement, be 
released from its obligations thereunder.  The DIP Agent shall receive a processing 
and recordation fee of $3,500 in connection with each assignment (it being 
understood that such fee shall only be required to be paid once with respect to a block 
of trades by any DIP Lenders and/or Affiliate or Approved Fund thereof), except with 
respect to any assignment to a DIP Lender, an Affiliate of a DIP Lender, an Approved 
Fund, or any other person that has become a party to the Restructuring Support 
Agreement pursuant to the terms thereof, or in connection with any assignment by 
the Fronting Lender of DIP Loans.  The minimum assignment amount (other than 
with respect to the assignment by the Fronting Lender) shall be $250,000 (or if less 
than $250,000, the total amount held by such assigning DIP Lender).  As used herein, 
the term “Approved Fund” means, with respect to any DIP Lender, any Person 
(other than a natural person) that is engaged in making, purchasing, holding, or 
otherwise investing in commercial loans or notes and similar extensions of credit in 
the ordinary course of its activities that is administered, advised, or managed by (a) 
such DIP Lender, (b) an Affiliate of such DIP Lender or (c) an entity or an Affiliate 
of an entity that administers, advises, or manages such DIP Lender. 
No assignment of DIP Loans or DIP Commitments shall be permitted unless the 
applicable assignee executes and agrees to be bound by the Restructuring Support 
Agreement and the transactions contemplated therein.   
Amendments: 
Amendments, consents, waivers, supplements, or other modifications to DIP Facility 
Documents shall require the prior written (email being sufficient) consent of the Loan 
Parties and the DIP Lenders holding greater than 50.01% of outstanding DIP Loans 
and unfunded DIP Commitments in effect at such time (the “Required DIP 
Lenders”). 
Notwithstanding the foregoing: (a) any amendment, consent, waiver, supplement or 
modification to any DIP Facility Document that (i) increases the DIP Commitments 
of any DIP Lender, (ii) decreases the amount of or postpones the payment of any 
scheduled principal, interest, or fees payable to any DIP Lenders, (iii) altering the pro 
rata nature of disbursements by or payments to DIP Lenders or the application of 
mandatory prepayments in this DIP Term Sheet, (iv) amends or modifies the 
definition of “Required DIP Lenders” or any provision of this section 
“Amendments”, (v) releases all or substantially all of the value of the guarantees by 
the Guarantors, or (vi) releases the security interest in all or substantially all of the 
DIP Collateral other than in connection with a disposition approved by an order of 
the Bankruptcy Court with the prior written consent of the Required DIP Lenders, in 
each case, shall require the written consent of each DIP Lenders directly and 
Case 25-90309   Document 14   Filed in TXSB on 08/20/25   Page 125 of 225

=== page 126 ===
 
 
 
-17- 
 
 
 
adversely affected thereby and (b) no amendment, consent, waiver, supplement, or 
other modification shall amend, modify or otherwise affect the rights or obligations 
of, or any provision for the benefit of, or duties of the DIP Agent without the prior 
written consent of the DIP Agent.  In addition, the (x) subordination of the DIP Liens 
to liens securing any other debt and/or (y) subordination of any DIP Obligations in 
right of payment to the payment of any other debt, in each case, shall require the 
consent of each DIP Lenders directly and adversely affected thereby; provided that, 
notwithstanding the foregoing, the DIP Liens may be subordinated to liens securing 
such other debt and/or the DIP Obligations may be subordinated in right of payment 
to such other debt, in each case, solely to the extent that such debt is provided by one 
or more existing DIP Lenders and each other DIP Lenders is offered a bona fide right 
to provide its pro rata share of such other debt on not less than five (5) Business Days’ 
notice. 
Miscellaneous: 
The DIP Facility Documents will include the following (in each case consistent with 
the Documentation Principles and customary for debtor in possession financings of 
this type): (i) standard yield protection provisions (including, without limitation, 
provisions relating to compliance with risk-based capital guidelines, increased costs 
(including the Dodd-Frank Act and Basel III related gross-ups notwithstanding the 
date of enactment of the applicable law or regulation thereunder, subject to prompt 
notice requirements) and payments free and clear of withholding taxes (in each case, 
subject to customary exceptions and qualifications)), (ii) waivers of consequential 
damages and jury trial, and (iii) customary agency, set-off and sharing language. 
Governing Law 
and Submission 
to Exclusive 
Jurisdiction: 
State of New York (and, to the extent applicable, the Bankruptcy Code and 
Bankruptcy Court), without giving effect to any conflicts of laws provision that would 
dictate the application of another jurisdiction’s laws. The Debtors submit to the 
exclusive jurisdiction of the Bankruptcy Court and waive any right to trial by jury. 
DIP Orders 
Govern: 
Notwithstanding anything to the contrary in any DIP Facility Documents, the 
provisions of the DIP Facility Documents shall be subject to the terms of the DIP 
Orders.  In the event of a conflict between the terms of the DIP Orders and the DIP 
Facility Documents, the terms of the DIP Orders shall govern and control. 
Treatment 
Under Plan 
The DIP Facility shall be converted into an exit term loan upon in connection with a 
chapter 11 plan in accordance with the Restructuring Support Agreement. 
Case 25-90309   Document 14   Filed in TXSB on 08/20/25   Page 126 of 225

=== page 127 ===
 
 
ANNEX A-1 
 
Senior Secured Debtor in Possession Facility 
 
Interest Rates and Fees 
Interest Rates: 
At the option of the Borrower, DIP Loans will bear interest at a rate per 
annum equal to (a) Term SOFR plus 7.00% per annum or (b) Alternate Base 
Rate plus 6.00% per annum. Interest shall be payable in cash.  
 
Interest shall be calculated on the basis of the actual number of days elapsed 
in a 360-day year. Interest shall be payable in arrears on the last Business Day 
of each month, regardless of whether interest accrues based on Term SOFR 
or the Alternate Base Rate. 
OID: 
All DIP Loans shall be made net of 2.00% original issue discount. 
Exit Fee: 
3.00% payable in cash upon any repayment, prepayment, maturity or 
acceleration (including, for the avoidance of doubt, conversion to exit term 
loans in connection with a chapter 11 plan in accordance with the 
Restructuring Support Agreement). 
Backstop 
Premium 
The Backstop Premium (as defined in the Backstop Commitment letter), as 
applicable. 
Default Rate: 
2.00% per annum at all times automatically following the occurrence and 
during the continuation of a payment Event of Default under the DIP Facility.  
Definitions: 
Each capitalized term used in this Annex A-1 that is not defined in this Annex 
A-1 has the meaning assigned to such term in Annex A-2, unless such term 
is otherwise defined in this DIP Term Sheet. 
Case 25-90309   Document 14   Filed in TXSB on 08/20/25   Page 127 of 225

=== page 128 ===
 
  
ANNEX A-2 
Senior Secured Debtor in Possession Facility 
Certain Definitions 
 
“Alternate Base Rate” shall mean, for any day, a rate per annum equal to the greatest of (a) the 
Prime Rate in effect on such day, (b) the sum of the Federal Funds Effective Rate in effect on such day plus 
½ of 1% and (c) the sum of the Term SOFR for a one-month tenor in effect on such day plus 1%.  Any 
change in the Alternate Base Rate due to a change in the Prime Rate, the Federal Funds Effective Rate or 
the Term SOFR shall be effective from and including the effective date of such change in the Prime Rate, 
the Federal Funds Effective Rate or the Term SOFR, respectively. 
 
“Business Day” shall mean any day other than a Saturday, Sunday or other day on which 
commercial banks in New York City, or Wilmington, Delaware are required or authorized to remain closed; 
provided, however, that when used in connection with the borrowing or repayment of DIP Loans that bear 
interest at a rate based on Term SOFR, the term “Business Day” shall mean any U.S. Government Securities 
Business Day. 
 
“Federal Funds Effective Rate” shall mean, for any day, the weighted average (rounded upwards, 
if necessary, to the next 1/100 of 1%) of the rates on overnight Federal funds transactions with members of 
the Federal Reserve System arranged by Federal funds brokers, as published on the next succeeding 
Business Day by the Federal Reserve Bank of New York, or, if such rate is not so published for any day 
that is a Business Day, the average (rounded upwards, if necessary, to the next 1/100 of 1%) of the 
quotations for such day for such transactions received by the DIP Agent from three Federal funds brokers 
of recognized standing selected by it; provided that, if the Federal Funds Effective Rate shall be less than 
the Floor, such rate shall be deemed to be the Floor. 
 
“Floor” shall mean 1.0% per annum. 
“Interest Period” shall mean, as to any borrowing of DIP Loans that bear interest at a rate based 
on Term SOFR, the period commencing on the date of such borrowing or issuance (including as a result of 
a conversion of DIP Loans that bear interest at a rate based on the Alternate Base Rate to a rate based on 
Term SOFR) or on the last day of the preceding Interest Period applicable to such borrowing or issuance 
and ending on (but excluding) the numerically corresponding day (or if there is no corresponding day, the 
last day) in the calendar month that is one month thereafter; provided that if any Interest Period would end 
on a day which shall not be a Business Day, such Interest Period shall be extended to the next succeeding 
Business Day unless such next succeeding Business Day would fall in the next calendar month, in which 
case such Interest Period shall end on the next preceding Business Day. 
 
“Prime Rate” shall mean the rate of interest last quoted by The Wall Street Journal as the “Prime 
Rate” in the U.S. or, if The Wall Street Journal ceases to quote such rate, the highest per annum interest 
rate published by the Federal Reserve Board in Federal Reserve Statistical Release H.15 (519) (Selected 
Interest Rates) as the “bank prime loan” rate or, if such rate is no longer quoted therein, any similar rate 
quoted therein (as determined by DIP Agent) or any similar release by the Federal Reserve Board (as 
determined by DIP Agent). Each change in the Prime Rate shall be effective from and including the date 
such change is publicly announced as being effective. 
 
“SOFR” means a rate equal to the secured overnight financing rate as administered by the SOFR 
Administrator.  
 
Case 25-90309   Document 14   Filed in TXSB on 08/20/25   Page 128 of 225

=== page 129 ===
 
  
“SOFR Administrator” means the Federal Reserve Bank of New York (or a successor 
administrator of the secured overnight financing rate). 
 
“Term SOFR” means:  
 
(a) 
for any calculation with respect to DIP Loans that bear interest a rate based on 
Term SOFR, the Term SOFR Reference Rate for a tenor comparable to the applicable Interest 
Period on the day (such day, the “Periodic Term SOFR Determination Day”) that is two (2) U.S. 
Government Securities Business Days prior to the first day of such Interest Period, as such rate is 
published by the Term SOFR Administrator; provided, however, that if as of 5:00 p.m. (New York 
City time) on any Periodic Term SOFR Determination Day the Term SOFR Reference Rate for the 
applicable tenor has not been published by the Term SOFR Administrator and a Benchmark 
Replacement Date (to be defined in the DIP Credit Agreement) with respect to the Term SOFR 
Reference Rate has not occurred, then Term SOFR will be the Term SOFR Reference Rate for such 
tenor as published by the Term SOFR Administrator on the first preceding U.S. Government 
Securities Business Day for which such Term SOFR Reference Rate for such tenor was published 
by the Term SOFR Administrator so long as such first preceding U.S. Government Securities 
Business Day is not more than three (3) U.S. Government Securities Business Days prior to such 
Periodic Term SOFR Determination Day, and 
 
(b) 
for any calculation with respect to DIP Loans that bear interest a rate based on the 
Alternate Base Rate, the Term SOFR Reference Rate for a tenor of one month on the day (such 
day, the “ABR Term SOFR Determination Day”) that is two (2) U.S. Government Securities 
Business Days prior to such day, as such rate is published by the Term SOFR Administrator; 
provided, however, that if as of 5:00 p.m. (New York City time) on any ABR Term SOFR 
Determination Day the Term SOFR Reference Rate for the applicable tenor has not been published 
by the Term SOFR Administrator and a Benchmark Replacement Date with respect to the Term 
SOFR Reference Rate has not occurred, then Term SOFR will be the Term SOFR Reference Rate 
for such tenor as published by the Term SOFR Administrator on the first preceding U.S. 
Government Securities Business Day for which such Term SOFR Reference Rate for such tenor 
was published by the Term SOFR Administrator so long as such first preceding U.S. Government 
Securities Business Day is not more than three (3) U.S. Government Securities Business Days prior 
to such ABR SOFR Determination Day; 
 
provided that if Term SOFR as so determined shall ever be less than the Floor, then Term SOFR 
shall be deemed to be the Floor. 
“Term SOFR Administrator” means CME Group Benchmark Administration Limited (CBA) (or 
a successor administrator of the Term SOFR Reference Rate selected by the DIP Lenders in their 
reasonable discretion). 
“Term SOFR Reference Rate” means the forward-looking term rate based on SOFR. 
 
“U.S. Government Securities Business Day” means any day except for (a) a Saturday, (b) a 
Sunday or (c) a day on which the Securities Industry and Financial Markets Association recommends that 
the fixed income departments of its members be closed for the entire day for purposes of trading in United 
States government securities. 
Case 25-90309   Document 14   Filed in TXSB on 08/20/25   Page 129 of 225

=== page 130 ===
Annex 3 
New Warrants Term Sheet 
Case 25-90309   Document 14   Filed in TXSB on 08/20/25   Page 130 of 225

=== page 131 ===
Final Version 
 
Warrant Term Sheet 
This term sheet (including all exhibits, annexes, appendices and schedules to this term sheet, as 
amended, supplemented or otherwise modified from time to time, this “Term Sheet”) summarizes 
certain material terms and conditions of each tranche of Warrants (as defined below) to be 
structured pursuant to the terms and conditions of the Restructuring Support Agreement to which 
this Term Sheet is attached (the “Restructuring Support Agreement”) and issued in connection with 
the Plan contemplated under the Restructuring Support Agreement. This Term Sheet does not 
summarize all terms, conditions, representations and other provisions with respect to the 
transactions referred to herein, which will be set forth in the Definitive Documents with respect to 
each tranche of Warrants and further determined in accordance with the Restructuring Support 
Agreement and the Plan. Capitalized terms used herein but not otherwise defined have the 
meanings given to such terms in the Restructuring Support Agreement. 
Issuer 
Reorganized Parent (the “Issuer”)1 
Security 
The following securities (the “Warrants”) will be issued by the 
Issuer on the Effective Date to the Second Lien Noteholders: 
• New Series A warrants (the “Series A Warrants”) exercisable for 
an aggregate 15%2 of the number of New Common Interests 
issued and outstanding on the Effective Date after giving effect 
to the consummation of the Restructuring and assuming the full 
exercise of the Series A Warrants but subject to dilution by New 
Common Interests issued pursuant to the Series B Warrants (as 
defined below), the Series C Warrants (as defined below) and 
the MIP; 
• New Series B warrants (the “Series B Warrants”) exercisable for 
an aggregate 15%3 of the number of New Common Interests 
issued and outstanding on the Effective Date after giving effect 
to the consummation of the Restructuring and assuming the full 
exercise of the Series A Warrants and the Series B Warrants but 
subject to dilution by New Common Interests issued pursuant to 
the Series C Warrants and the MIP; and 
• New Series C warrants (the “Series C Warrants”) exercisable for 
an aggregate 15%4 of the number of New Common Interests 
issued and outstanding on the Effective Date after giving effect 
to the consummation of the Restructuring and assuming the full 
 
1  
This Term Sheet assumes that the Reorganized Parent will be formed as a corporation. If the Reorganized Parent 
is instead organized as a limited liability company, the Warrants may be replaced with “unit” series providing for 
substantially the same rights and economics as would have been provided for Warrants if the Reorganized Parent 
were instead formed as a corporation.  
2  
To be adjusted depending on takeback term loan sizing.  
3  
To be adjusted depending on takeback term loan sizing.  
4  
To be adjusted depending on takeback term loan sizing.  
Case 25-90309   Document 14   Filed in TXSB on 08/20/25   Page 131 of 225

=== page 132 ===
 
2 
exercise of the Warrants but subject to dilution by New Common 
Interests issued pursuant to the MIP. 
Exercise Price 
The Series A Warrants will have an initial exercise price per share 
equal to (i) the total equity value implied by a total enterprise value 
of the Issuer as of the Effective Date (after giving effect to the 
Restructuring) of $971,000,000 divided by (ii) the number of New 
Common Interests issued and outstanding on the Effective Date after 
giving effect to the consummation of the Restructuring and 
assuming the full exercise of the Series A Warrants. 
The Series B Warrants will have an initial exercise price per share 
equal to (i) the total equity value implied by a total enterprise value 
of the Issuer as of the Effective Date (after giving effect to the 
Restructuring) of $1,058,100,000 divided by (ii) the number of New 
Common Interests issued and outstanding on the Effective Date after 
giving effect to the consummation of the Restructuring and 
assuming the full exercise of the Series A Warrants and the Series B 
Warrants. 
The Series C Warrants will have an initial exercise price per share 
equal to (i) the total equity value implied by a total enterprise value 
of the Issuer as of the Effective Date (after giving effect to the 
Restructuring) of $1,145,200,000 divided by (ii) the number of New 
Common Interests issued and outstanding on the Effective Date after 
giving effect to the consummation of the Restructuring and 
assuming the full exercise of the Warrants. 
Expiration Date 
The Warrants will automatically expire on the five (5) year 
anniversary of the Effective Date (such date, the “Expiration Date”). 
Exercisability 
Each whole Warrant may be exercised for one New Common 
Interest, subject to adjustment. Each Warrant may be exercised at 
any time and from time to time at the option of the holder thereof.  
The issuance of New Common Interests pursuant to the exercise of 
Warrants will be subject to payment in full by the holder of such 
Warrants of the applicable aggregate exercise price by wire transfer 
of immediately available funds to the Issuer or by “cashless” 
exercise based on the value of New Common Interests as of the time 
of exercise as set forth in the Definitive Documents with respect to 
the Warrants. 
Issuance 
The Warrants and the New Common Interests issuable upon exercise 
of the Warrants will be exempt from registration under the Securities 
Act pursuant to Section 1145 of the Bankruptcy Code or another 
available exemption from registration. 
Case 25-90309   Document 14   Filed in TXSB on 08/20/25   Page 132 of 225

=== page 133 ===
 
3 
Adjustments 
The number of New Common Interests issuable upon exercise of, 
and the exercise price per New Common Interest of, each Warrant 
will be adjusted for, among other events, (i) corporate structural 
events (e.g., recapitalizations, reclassifications, splits, reverse splits, 
reorganizations, 
consolidations, 
mergers, 
dividends 
and 
distributions in New Common Interests, tender offers and exchange 
offers), (ii) dividends and distributions of property or securities 
(including cash and rights to participate in equity issuances) and (iii) 
issuances of New Common Interests below a threshold price with 
such threshold and adjustment mechanics to be set forth in the 
applicable Definitive Documents. No adjustment will be made for 
issuances pursuant to the MIP. 
Change of Control 
 
Protection 
The Warrants will not have Black Scholes protection. Any 
outstanding Warrants will be automatically exercised on a cashless 
basis in connection with any change of control transaction or listing 
event, each as will be defined in the Definitive Documents 
governing the Warrants.  
Notices 
The Issuer will provide holders of the Warrants at least 15 Business 
Days’ prior written notice before establishing a record date of the 
New Common Interests for purposes of customary equityholder 
events (e.g., recapitalizations, reclassifications, splits, reverse splits, 
reorganizations, 
consolidations, 
mergers, 
dividends 
and 
distributions in New Common Interests, tender offers and exchange 
offers). 
Redemption 
The Warrants will not be subject to redemption by the Issuer or any 
other Person. 
Transfer Restrictions 
The Warrants will be transferable, subject to, among other things, 
restrictions under applicable law and customary restrictions to 
prevent the Reorganized Parent from being required to register as a 
public company under the Exchange Act. 
Amendments 
All amendments to the Warrants (other than purely administrative 
amendments) will require the consent of holders of not less than a 
majority of the applicable series of Warrants, except that any 
amendment that has the effect of increasing the exercise price of 
such Warrants or amending the Expiration Date to an earlier date 
will require the consent of each affected Warrant holder. 
Voting Rights; 
 
Participation 
Holders of the Warrants will have no voting or other rights to 
participate as a holder of New Common Interests on account of such 
Warrants unless and until such Warrants are exercised for New 
Case 25-90309   Document 14   Filed in TXSB on 08/20/25   Page 133 of 225

=== page 134 ===
 
4 
Common Interests, in which case the holder will have the same 
voting rights with respect to the New Common Interests acquired on 
exercise (but not any remaining Warrants) as applicable to any other 
New Common Interest. 
ERISA 
By accepting a Warrant, the holder of such Warrant will be deemed 
to represent that either (i) it does not hold “plan assets” subject to 
the Employee Retirement Income Security Act of 1974, as amended 
(“ERISA”), or Section 4975 of the Internal Revenue Code of 1986, 
as amended (the “Code”), or (ii) its acquisition, holding and exercise 
of Warrants will not result in a non-exempt prohibited transaction 
under ERISA or Section 4975 of the Code. 
Form; Documentation 
The Warrants will be evidenced by certificates or issued in direct 
registration format. In addition to the terms specified in this Term 
Sheet, the Definitive Documents for each of the Warrants will 
contain customary terms for transactions of this nature. 
Warrant Agent 
A Person acceptable to the Required Consenting Creditors. 
Governing Law 
New York. 
Case 25-90309   Document 14   Filed in TXSB on 08/20/25   Page 134 of 225

=== page 135 ===
 
 
Exhibit B 
 
Joinder Agreement
Case 25-90309   Document 14   Filed in TXSB on 08/20/25   Page 135 of 225

=== page 136 ===
 
 
FORM OF JOINDER AGREEMENT FOR CONSENTING CREDITORS 
This Joinder Agreement to the Restructuring Support Agreement, dated as of [_______], 
2025 (as may be amended, restated, amended and restated, supplemented or otherwise modified 
from time to time, the “Agreement”), between the Company Entities, and the Consenting 
Creditors, 
each 
as 
defined 
in 
the 
Agreement, 
is 
executed 
and 
delivered 
by 
________________________________ (the “Joining Party”) as of ______________, 2025.  
Each capitalized term used herein but not otherwise defined shall have the meaning set forth in the 
Agreement. 
1. Agreement to be Bound.  The Joining Party hereby agrees to be bound by all of the 
terms of the Agreement, a copy of which is attached to this Joinder Agreement as Annex I (as the 
same has been or may be hereafter amended, restated or otherwise modified from time to time in 
accordance with the provisions thereof).   
2. Effectiveness.  Upon (i) delivery of a signature page for this joinder and (ii) written 
acknowledgement by the Company Entities, the Joining Party shall hereafter be deemed to be a 
“Consenting Creditor” and a “Party” for all purposes under the Agreement and with respect to any 
and all Claims held by such Joining Party. 
3. Representations and Warranties.  With respect to the aggregate principal amount of 
Claims set forth below its name on the signature page hereto, the Joining Party hereby makes the 
representation and warranties of the Consenting Creditors, as set forth in Article 10 of the 
Agreement to each other Party to the Agreement. 
4. Governing Law.  This joinder agreement shall be governed by and construed in 
accordance with the internal laws of the State of New York, without regard to any conflict of laws 
provisions which would require the application of the law of any other jurisdiction. 
 
[Signature Page Follows] 
Case 25-90309   Document 14   Filed in TXSB on 08/20/25   Page 136 of 225

=== page 137 ===
 
IN WITNESS WHEREOF, the Joining Party has caused this joinder to be executed as of 
the date first written above. 
[JOINING PARTY] 
By: 
 
 
 
 
Name: 
Title: 
Claims (principal amount) 
 
- 
First Lien Claims 
US$ 
 
- 
Second Lien Claims 
 
Notice Address: 
Fax:  
 
Attention: 
Email: 
Acknowledged: 
MODIVCARE INC. 
(on behalf of the Company Entities) 
By: 
 
 
 
 
 
Name:  
Title: 
 
Case 25-90309   Document 14   Filed in TXSB on 08/20/25   Page 137 of 225

=== page 138 ===
 
Exhibit C 
 
Milestones 
 
The following milestones shall apply to the Chapter 11 Cases (the “Milestones”), unless 
the applicable Milestone is extended or waived with the prior written consent of the Required 
Consenting First Lien Lenders (email from the First Lien Agent and Consenting Creditor Counsel 
being sufficient): 
 
1. 
Commencement of the Chapter 11 Cases.  The Company Entities shall 
commence the Chapter 11 Cases for each of the Company Entities by not later than 11:59 p.m. 
prevailing Eastern Time on August 20, 2025. 
2. 
Entry of the Interim DIP Order.  The Bankruptcy Court shall have entered 
the Interim DIP Order by not later than three (3) calendar days following the Petition Date.  
3. 
Filing of the Plan and Disclosure Statement.  The Company Entities shall 
file the Plan, Disclosure Statement, and the motion for approval of the Disclosure Statement and 
Solicitation Materials by not later than 15 calendar days following the Petition Date. 
4. 
Entry of the Final DIP Order.  The Bankruptcy Court shall have entered the 
Final DIP Order by not later than 45 calendar days following the Petition Date. 
5. 
Entry of the Solicitation Procedures Order.  The Bankruptcy Court shall 
have entered the Solicitation Procedures Order by not later than 45 calendar days following the 
Petition Date.  
6. 
Confirmation Order.  At or prior to 11:59 p.m. prevailing Eastern Time on 
the date that is 90 calendar days following the Petition Date, the Bankruptcy Court shall have 
entered the Confirmation Order. 
7. 
Occurrence of the Effective Date.  At or prior to 11:59 p.m. prevailing 
Eastern Time on the date that is 110 calendar days following the Petition Date, the Effective Date 
shall have occurred. 
Case 25-90309   Document 14   Filed in TXSB on 08/20/25   Page 138 of 225

=== page 139 ===
 
 
Exhibit D 
 
Proposed Interim DIP Order 
 
 
Case 25-90309   Document 14   Filed in TXSB on 08/20/25   Page 139 of 225

=== page 140 ===
Final Version 
 
US-DOCS\162941288.12 
IN THE UNITED STATES BANKRUPTCY COURT 
FOR THE SOUTHERN DISTRICT OF TEXAS 
HOUSTON DIVISION 
------------------------------------------------------------ 
In re: 
MODIVCARE INC., et al., 
 
   Debtors.1 
------------------------------------------------------------ 
x 
: 
: 
: 
: 
: 
: 
: 
x 
Chapter 11 
Case No. 25-_______ (____) 
(Jointly Administered)  
INTERIM ORDER (A) AUTHORIZING THE DEBTORS TO OBTAIN POSTPETITION 
FINANCING, (B) GRANTING LIENS AND PROVIDING CLAIMS WITH 
SUPERPRIORITY ADMINISTRATIVE EXPENSE STATUS, (C) AUTHORIZING THE 
USE OF CASH COLLATERAL, (D) MODIFYING THE AUTOMATIC STAY, 
(E) SCHEDULING A FINAL HEARING, AND (F) GRANTING RELATED RELIEF 
Upon the emergency motion, dated August [20], 2025 (the “DIP Motion”), of ModivCare 
Inc. and the other debtors and debtors-in-possession (collectively, the “Debtors”), in the above-
referenced chapter 11 cases (these “Chapter 11 Cases”), seeking entry of an interim order (this 
“Interim Order”) pursuant to sections 105, 361, 362, 363, 364(c), 364(d), 364(e), 503, 507, and 
552 of chapter 11 of title 11 of the United States Code (as amended, the “Bankruptcy Code”), 
Rules 2002, 4001, 6003, 6004, and 9014 of the Federal Rules of Bankruptcy Procedure (the 
“Bankruptcy Rules”), Rules 2002-1, 4001-1(b), 4002-1, and 9013-1 of the Local Rules of the 
United States Bankruptcy Court for the Southern District of Texas (the “Bankruptcy Local Rules”), 
and the Procedures for Complex Cases in the Southern District of Texas (the “Complex Case 
Procedures”), that, among other things: 
 
1 
A complete list of each of the Debtors in these chapter 11 cases (the “Chapter 11 Cases”) and the last four digits 
of each Debtor’s taxpayer identification number (if applicable) may be obtained on the website of the Debtors’ 
proposed claims and noticing agent at https://www.veritaglobal.net/ModivCare.  Debtor ModivCare Inc.’s 
principal place of business and the Debtors’ service address in these Chapter 11 Cases is 6900 E. Layton Avenue, 
Suite 1100 & 1200, Denver, Colorado 80237. 
Case 25-90309   Document 14   Filed in TXSB on 08/20/25   Page 140 of 225

=== page 141 ===
 
2
(i) 
authorizes the Debtor designated as “Borrower” under, and as defined in, the DIP 
Credit Agreement (as defined below) (the “Borrower”) to obtain, and the other 
guarantors (the “DIP Guarantors”) under the DIP Loan Documents (as defined 
below) to unconditionally guaranty, jointly and severally, the Borrower’s 
obligations in respect of, senior secured priming and superpriority postpetition 
financing, which if approved on a final basis would consist of a term loan facility 
for up to $100 million in principal amount (the “DIP Facility”) and loans extended 
under the DIP Facility, (the “DIP Loans”), pursuant to the terms of (x) this Interim 
Order, (y) that certain Superpriority Secured Debtor in Possession Credit 
Agreement (as the same may be amended, restated, supplemented, or otherwise 
modified from time to time in accordance with its terms, the “DIP Credit 
Agreement”),2 by and among the Borrower, the DIP Guarantors, Wilmington Trust, 
as administrative agent and collateral agent (in such capacity, collectively, the “DIP 
Agent”), and the other financial institutions party to the DIP Credit Agreement as 
“Lenders” under, and as defined in, the DIP Credit Agreement (collectively, the 
“DIP Lenders,” and together with the DIP Agent and any other party to which DIP 
Obligations (as defined below) are owed, the “DIP Secured Parties”), in 
substantially the form attached as Exhibit A hereto, and (z) any and all other Loan 
Documents (as defined in the DIP Credit Agreement, and together with the DIP 
Credit Agreement, collectively, the “DIP Loan Documents”), to: (A) fund, among 
other things, ongoing working capital, general corporate expenditures and other 
financing needs of the Debtors (including Allowed Professional Fees), (B) pay 
certain adequate protection amounts to the Prepetition First Lien Secured Parties 
(as defined below) as described below, (C) pay certain transaction fees and other 
costs and expenses of administration of the Chapter 11 Cases, and (D) pay fees and 
expenses (including reasonable attorneys’ fees and expenses) and interest owed to 
the DIP Secured Parties under the DIP Loan Documents and this Interim Order; 
(ii) 
approves the terms of, and authorizes the Debtors to execute and deliver, and 
perform under, the DIP Loan Documents (including, without limitation the DIP 
Backstop Commitment Letters and the Backstop Premium thereunder) and 
authorizes and empowers the Debtors to perform such other and further acts as may 
be required in connection with the DIP Loan Documents and this Interim Order; 
(iii) 
grants (x) to the DIP Agent, for the benefit of itself and the other DIP Secured 
Parties, Liens on all of the DIP Collateral (as defined below) pursuant to sections 
364(c)(2), 364(c)(3) and 364(d) of the Bankruptcy Code, which Liens shall be 
senior to the Primed Liens (as defined below) and shall be junior solely to the 
Carve-Out (as defined below) and any valid, enforceable and non-avoidable Liens 
that are (A) in existence on the Petition Date (as defined below), (B) either perfected 
as of the Petition Date or perfected subsequent to the Petition Date solely to the 
extent permitted by section 546(b) of the Bankruptcy Code, and (C) senior in 
priority to the Prepetition First Liens (as defined below) and Prepetition Second 
Liens (as defined below) after giving effect to any intercreditor or subordination 
 
2   Unless otherwise specified herein, all capitalized terms used herein without definition shall have the respective 
meanings given to such terms in the DIP Credit Agreement.   
Case 25-90309   Document 14   Filed in TXSB on 08/20/25   Page 141 of 225

=== page 142 ===
 
3
agreement (all such Liens, collectively, the “Prepetition Prior Liens”) and (y) to the 
DIP Secured Parties, pursuant to section 364(c)(1) of the Bankruptcy Code, 
superpriority administrative claims (junior solely to the Carve-Out) having recourse 
to all prepetition and postpetition property of the Debtors’ estates, now owned or 
hereafter acquired and the proceeds of each of the foregoing, including,3 upon entry 
of this Interim Order, any proceeds of actions brought under section 549 of the 
Bankruptcy Code, and upon entry of the Final Order, the proceeds of Avoidance 
Actions (as defined below), and in all respects with respect to clauses (x) and (y) 
shall be subject to the relative priorities set forth on Schedule 2 hereto;   
(iv) 
authorizes the Debtors to use “cash collateral,” as such term is defined in section 
363(a) of the Bankruptcy Code (the “Cash Collateral”), including Cash Collateral in 
which the Prepetition First Lien Secured Parties (as defined below), the Prepetition 
Second Lien Secured Parties (as defined below) and/or the DIP Secured Parties have 
a Lien or other interest, in each case whether existing on the Petition Date, arising 
pursuant to this Interim Order or otherwise;   
(v) 
modifies the automatic stay imposed by section 362 of the Bankruptcy Code solely 
to the extent necessary to implement and effectuate the terms and provisions of the 
DIP Loan Documents and this Interim Order; 
(vi) 
authorizes the Borrower between the entry of the Interim Order and the entry of the 
Final Order to borrow under the DIP Facility in an aggregate outstanding principal 
amount of $62.5 million which shall be funded into the DIP Account (as defined 
below) with release subject to the terms and conditions of the DIP Credit Agreement, 
and authorizes the DIP Guarantors to unconditionally guaranty such obligations 
jointly and severally; 
(vii) grants the Prepetition First Lien Secured Parties, as of the Petition Date and in 
accordance with the relative priorities set forth herein, the Prepetition First Lien 
Adequate Protection (as defined below), which consists of, among other things, First 
Lien Adequate Protection Liens (as defined below), First Lien Adequate Protection 
Superpriority Claims (as defined below) and current payment of accrued and unpaid 
prepetition and postpetition reimbursable fees and expenses; 
(viii) schedules a final hearing on the DIP Motion (the “Final Hearing”) to be held no later 
than two business days prior to the Chapter 11 Milestone (as defined below) for 
entry of a Final Order to consider entry of a final order that grants all of the relief 
requested in the DIP Motion on a final basis and which final order shall be in form 
and substance (including with respect to any subsequent modifications to the form 
or substance made in response to objections of other creditors or this Court) 
acceptable to the Debtors and the “Required Lenders” (the “Required DIP Lenders”) 
under and as defined in the DIP Credit Agreement (the “Final Order”);  
 
3  
As used herein, the words “including” or “include” and variations thereof shall not be deemed to be terms of 
limitation and shall be deemed to be followed by the words “without limitation.” 
Case 25-90309   Document 14   Filed in TXSB on 08/20/25   Page 142 of 225

=== page 143 ===
 
4
(ix) 
waives, upon entry of the Final Order, certain rights of the Debtors to surcharge 
collateral pursuant to section 506(c) of the Bankruptcy Code; and 
(x) 
provides for the immediate effectiveness of this Interim Order and waives any 
applicable stay (including under Bankruptcy Rule 6004) to permit such immediate 
effectiveness. 
Having considered the DIP Motion, the DIP Credit Agreement, the Declaration of Zul 
Jamal in Support of the Debtors’ Motion to Obtain Postpetition Debtor-in-Possession Financing 
(the “Jamal Declaration”) and the Declaration of Chad J. Sandler in Support of Debtors’ Chapter 
11 Petitions and First Day Relief (the “First Day Declaration,” and together with the Jamal 
Declaration, the “DIP Motion Declarations”), and the evidence submitted or proffered at the 
hearing on this Interim Order (the “Interim Hearing”); and in accordance with Bankruptcy Rules 
2002, 4001(b), 4001(c), and 4001(d), and 9014 and all applicable Bankruptcy Local Rules, notice 
of the DIP Motion and the Interim Hearing having been provided pursuant to Bankruptcy Rule 
4001(b)(1)(C); an Interim Hearing having been held and concluded on August [21], 2025; and it 
appearing that approval of the interim relief requested in the DIP Motion is necessary to avoid 
immediate and irreparable harm to the Debtors pending the Final Hearing and otherwise is fair and 
reasonable and in the best interests of the Debtors, their creditors, their estates and all parties in 
interest, and is essential for the continued operation of the Debtors’ businesses and the preservation 
of the value of the Debtors’ assets; and it appearing that the Debtors’ entry into the DIP Credit 
Agreement is a sound and prudent exercise of the Debtors’ business judgment; and after due 
deliberation and consideration, and good and sufficient cause appearing therefor: 
THIS COURT MAKES THE FOLLOWING FINDINGS OF FACT AND 
CONCLUSIONS OF LAW:4 
A. 
Petition Date.  On August [20], 2025 (the “Petition Date”), each of the 
 
4  Findings of fact shall be construed as conclusions of law, and conclusions of law shall be construed as findings 
of fact, as appropriate, pursuant to Bankruptcy Rule 7052.   
Case 25-90309   Document 14   Filed in TXSB on 08/20/25   Page 143 of 225

=== page 144 ===
 
5
Debtors filed a voluntary petition for relief under chapter 11 of the Bankruptcy Code with the 
United States Bankruptcy Court for the Southern District of Texas, Houston Division (this 
“Court”).  The Debtors have continued in the management and operation of their businesses and 
properties as debtors-in-possession pursuant to sections 1107 and 1108 of the Bankruptcy Code.  
No statutory committee of unsecured creditors (to the extent such committee is appointed, the 
“Committee”), trustee, or examiner has been appointed in the Chapter 11 Cases. 
B. 
Jurisdiction and Venue.  This Court has jurisdiction over these Chapter 11 
Cases, the DIP Motion and the parties and property affected hereby pursuant to 28 U.S.C. § 1334.  
This is a core proceeding pursuant to 28 U.S.C. § 157(b).  Venue for these Chapter 11 Cases and 
proceedings on the DIP Motion is proper before this Court pursuant to 28 U.S.C. §§ 1408 and 
1409.  The statutory and other predicates for the relief sought herein are sections 105, 361, 362, 
363, 364, 507 and 552 of the Bankruptcy Code, Bankruptcy Rules 2002, 4001, 6004, and 9014 
and the Bankruptcy Local Rules. 
C. 
Notice.  The Interim Hearing is being held pursuant to the authorization of 
Bankruptcy Rule 4001.  Notice of the Interim Hearing and the emergency relief requested in the 
DIP Motion has been provided by the Debtors, whether by facsimile, electronic mail, overnight 
courier or hand delivery, to certain parties in interest, including: (i) the Office of the United States 
Trustee for the Southern District of Texas (the “United States Trustee”), (ii) those entities or 
individuals included on the Debtors’ list of thirty (30) largest unsecured creditors on a consolidated 
basis, (iii) counsel to the Prepetition First Lien Agent (as defined below), (iv) the Prepetition First 
Lien Agent, (iv) counsel to the Prepetition Second Lien Trustee (as defined below), (v) the 
Prepetition Second Lien Trustee, (vi) the DIP Agent, (vii) counsel to the DIP Agent, (viii) all other 
known lienholders, (ix) the United States Attorney for the Southern District of Texas; (x) the 
Case 25-90309   Document 14   Filed in TXSB on 08/20/25   Page 144 of 225

=== page 145 ===
 
6
Internal Revenue Service; (xi) the Securities and Exchange Commission; and (xii) the state 
attorneys general for states in which the Debtors conduct business.  Under the circumstances, such 
notice of the DIP Motion, the relief requested therein, and the Interim Hearing complies with 
Bankruptcy Rule 4001(b), (c) and (d) and the Bankruptcy Local Rules, and no other or further 
notice need be provided for entry of this Interim Order.  
D. 
Debtors’ Stipulations Regarding the Prepetition First Lien Facility.  
Subject only to the rights of parties in interest that are specifically set forth in Paragraph 6 below, 
the Debtors, on their behalf and on behalf of their estates, admit, stipulate, acknowledge, and agree 
(Paragraphs D and E hereof shall be referred to herein collectively as the “Debtors’ Stipulations”) 
as follows: 
(i) 
Prepetition First Lien Facility.  Pursuant to that certain Credit 
Agreement, dated as of February 3, 2022 (as amended, restated or otherwise modified from time 
to time, the “Prepetition First Lien Credit Agreement,” and collectively with any other agreements 
and documents executed or delivered in connection therewith, including the “Loan Documents” 
as defined therein, each as may be amended, restated, supplemented, or otherwise modified from 
time to time, the “Prepetition First Lien Loan Documents”), among (a) ModivCare Inc., as 
borrower, and the other Debtors that are Subsidiary Guarantors (as defined in the Prepetition First 
Lien Credit Agreement), (b) the other financial institutions party thereto as “Lenders” 
(collectively, the “Prepetition First Lien Lenders”), and (c) JPMorgan Chase Bank, N.A. and any 
successor in interest thereto, as administrative agent and collateral agent (in such capacities, the 
“Prepetition First Lien Agent” and, together with the Prepetition First Lien Lenders and any other 
party to which Prepetition First Lien Obligations are owed, the “Prepetition First Lien Secured 
Parties”), the Prepetition First Lien Secured Parties agreed to extend loans and other financial 
Case 25-90309   Document 14   Filed in TXSB on 08/20/25   Page 145 of 225

=== page 146 ===
 
7
accommodations to, and issue letters of credit for the account of, the Borrower pursuant to the 
Prepetition First Lien Loan Documents.  All obligations of the Debtors arising under the 
Prepetition First Lien Credit Agreement (including the “Obligations” as defined therein, whether 
or not arising under the Prepetition First Lien Loan Documents) or the other Prepetition First Lien 
Loan Documents shall collectively be referred to herein as the “Prepetition First Lien Obligations.” 
(ii) 
Prepetition First Liens and Prepetition First Lien Collateral.  Pursuant 
to the Collateral Documents (as defined in the Prepetition First Lien Credit Agreement) (as such 
documents were amended, restated, supplemented, or otherwise modified from time to time, the 
“Prepetition First Lien Collateral Documents”), by and among each of the Subsidiary Guarantors 
party thereto (the “Grantors”) and the Prepetition First Lien Agent, each Grantor granted to the 
Prepetition First Lien Agent, for the benefit of itself and the other Prepetition First Lien Secured 
Parties, to secure the Prepetition First Lien Obligations, a first priority security interest in and 
continuing Lien (the “Prepetition First Liens”) on substantially all of such Grantor’s assets and 
properties (which, for the avoidance of doubt, includes Cash Collateral) and all proceeds, products, 
accessions, rents, and profits thereof, in each case whether then owned or existing or thereafter 
acquired or arising.  All “Collateral” as defined in the Prepetition First Lien Credit Agreement 
granted or pledged by such Grantors pursuant to any Prepetition First Lien Collateral Document 
or any other Prepetition First Lien Loan Document shall collectively be referred to herein as the 
“Prepetition First Lien Collateral.”  As of the Petition Date, (I) the Prepetition First Liens (a) are 
legal, valid, binding, enforceable, and perfected Liens, (b) were granted to, or for the benefit of, 
the Prepetition First Lien Secured Parties for fair consideration and reasonably equivalent value, 
(c) are not subject to avoidance, recharacterization, or subordination pursuant to the Bankruptcy 
Code or applicable non-bankruptcy law (except for the priming contemplated herein), and (d) are 
Case 25-90309   Document 14   Filed in TXSB on 08/20/25   Page 146 of 225

=== page 147 ===
 
8
subject and subordinate only to (A) the DIP Liens (as defined below), (B) the Carve-Out (as 
defined below), and (C) the Prepetition Prior Liens, and (II) (w) the Prepetition First Lien 
Obligations constitute legal, valid, and binding obligations of the applicable Debtors, enforceable 
in accordance with the terms of the applicable Prepetition First Lien Loan Documents (other than 
in respect of the stay of enforcement arising from section 362 of the Bankruptcy Code), (x) no 
setoffs, recoupments, offsets, defenses, or counterclaims to any of the Prepetition First Lien 
Obligations exist, (y) no portion of the Prepetition First Lien Obligations or any payments made 
to any or all of the Prepetition First Lien Secured Parties are subject to avoidance, disallowance, 
disgorgement, recharacterization, recovery, subordination, attack, offset, counterclaim, defense, or 
“claim” (as defined in section 101(5) of the Bankruptcy Code) of any kind pursuant to the 
Bankruptcy Code or applicable non-bankruptcy law, and (z) each of the Guarantees (as defined in 
the Prepetition First Lien Credit Agreement) shall continue in full force and effect to 
unconditionally guaranty the Prepetition First Lien Obligations notwithstanding any use of Cash 
Collateral permitted hereunder or any financing and financial accommodations extended by the 
DIP Secured Parties to the Debtors pursuant to the terms of this Interim Order or the DIP Loan 
Documents.  
(iii) Amounts Owed under Prepetition First Lien Loan Documents.  As of the 
Petition Date, the applicable Debtors owed the Prepetition First Lien Secured Parties, pursuant to 
the Prepetition First Lien Loan Documents, without defense, counterclaim, reduction or offset of 
any kind, in respect of loans made, letters of credit issued and other financial accommodations 
made by the Prepetition First Lien Secured Parties, (x) an aggregate principal amount of not less 
than $78,750,000 with respect to the Incremental Term Loans (as defined in the Prepetition First 
Lien Credit Agreement) (y) an aggregate principal amount of not less than $270,699,086 with 
Case 25-90309   Document 14   Filed in TXSB on 08/20/25   Page 147 of 225

=== page 148 ===
 
9
respect to the Revolving Facility (as defined in the Prepetition First Lien Credit Agreement), but 
excluding outstanding letters of credit, and (z) and an aggregate principal amount of not less than 
$522,239,937 with respect to the Term Loan Facility (as defined in the Prepetition First Lien Credit 
Agreement), plus all accrued and hereafter accruing and unpaid interest thereon and any additional 
fees, expenses (including any reasonable attorneys’, accountants’, appraisers’, and financial 
advisors’ fees and expenses that are chargeable or reimbursable under the Prepetition First Lien 
Loan Documents), and other amounts now or hereafter due under the Prepetition First Lien Loan 
Documents. 
(iv) 
Release of Claims.  Subject to the reservation of rights set forth in 
Paragraph 6 below, each Debtor and its estate shall be deemed to have forever waived, discharged, 
and released each of the Prepetition First Lien Secured Parties and their respective affiliates, 
assigns or successors and the respective members, managers, equity holders, affiliates, agents, 
attorneys, financial advisors, consultants, officers, directors, employees and other representatives 
of the foregoing (all of the foregoing, collectively, the “Prepetition First Lien Secured Party 
Releasees”) from any and all “claims” (as defined in section 101(5) of the Bankruptcy Code), 
counterclaims, causes of action (including causes of action in the nature of “lender liability”), 
defenses, setoff, recoupment, other offset rights and other rights of disgorgement or recovery 
against any and all of the Prepetition First Lien Secured Party Releasees, whether arising at law or 
in equity, relating to and/or otherwise in connection with the Prepetition First Lien Obligations, 
the Prepetition First Liens, or the debtor-creditor relationship between any of the Prepetition First 
Lien Secured Parties, on the one hand, and any of the Debtors, on the other hand, including (I) any 
recharacterization, subordination, avoidance, disallowance or other claim arising under or pursuant 
to section 105 or chapter 5 of the Bankruptcy Code or under any other similar provisions of 
Case 25-90309   Document 14   Filed in TXSB on 08/20/25   Page 148 of 225

=== page 149 ===
 
10 
applicable state law, federal law, or municipal law, and (II) any right or basis to challenge or object 
to the amount, validity, or enforceability of the Prepetition First Lien Obligations or any payments 
or other transfers made on account of the Prepetition First Lien Obligations, or the validity, 
enforceability, priority, or non-avoidability of the Prepetition First Liens securing the Prepetition 
First Lien Obligations, including any right or basis to seek any disgorgement or recovery of 
payments of cash or any other distributions or transfers previously received by any of the 
Prepetition First Lien Secured Party Releasees.  
E. 
Debtors’ Stipulations Regarding the Prepetition Second Lien Facility.  
Subject only to the rights of parties in interest that are specifically set forth in Paragraph 6 below, 
the Debtors, on their behalf and on behalf of their estates, admit, stipulate, acknowledge, and agree 
as follows: 
(i) 
Prepetition Second Lien Facility.  Pursuant to that certain Second 
Lien Senior Secured PIK Toggle Notes Indenture, dated as of March 7, 2025 (as amended, restated 
or otherwise modified from time to time, the “Prepetition Second Lien Indenture,” and collectively 
with any other agreements and documents executed or delivered in connection therewith, including 
the “Loan Documents” as defined therein, each as may be amended, restated, supplemented, or 
otherwise modified from time to time, the “Prepetition Second Lien Loan Documents” together 
with the Prepetition First Lien Loan Documents, the “Prepetition Loan Documents”), among (a) 
ModivCare Inc., as issuer, and the other Debtors that are guarantors, (b) the Holders of Notes (as 
defined in the Prepetition Second Lien Indenture) issued in connection therewith (collectively, the 
“Prepetition Second Lien Noteholders”), and (c) Ankura Trust Company, LLC, as notes collateral 
agent (in such capacity, the “Prepetition Second Lien Trustee” and, together with the Prepetition 
Second Lien Noteholders and any other party to which Prepetition Second Lien Obligations are 
Case 25-90309   Document 14   Filed in TXSB on 08/20/25   Page 149 of 225

=== page 150 ===
 
11 
owed, the “Prepetition Second Lien Secured Parties”), the Prepetition Second Lien Secured Parties 
agreed to extend financial accommodations to the Borrower pursuant to the Prepetition Second 
Lien Loan Documents.  All obligations of the Debtors arising under the Prepetition Second Lien 
Indenture (including the “Obligations” as defined therein, whether or not arising under the 
Prepetition Second Lien Loan Documents) or the other Prepetition Second Lien Loan Documents 
shall collectively be referred to herein as the “Prepetition Second Lien Obligations.” 
(ii) 
Prepetition Second Liens and Prepetition Second Lien Collateral.  
Pursuant to the Security Documents (as defined in the Prepetition Second Lien Indenture) (as such 
documents were amended, restated, supplemented, or otherwise modified from time to time, the 
“Prepetition Second Lien Collateral Documents”), by and among each of the Grantors and the 
Prepetition Second Lien Trustee, each Grantor granted to the Prepetition Second Lien Trustee, for 
the benefit of itself and the other Prepetition Second Lien Secured Parties, to secure the Prepetition 
Second Lien Obligations, a second priority security interest in and continuing Lien (the 
“Prepetition Second Liens”) on substantially all of such Grantor’s assets and properties (which, 
for the avoidance of doubt, includes Cash Collateral) and all proceeds, products, accessions, rents, 
and profits thereof, in each case whether then owned or existing or thereafter acquired or arising.  
All “Collateral” as defined in the Prepetition Second Lien Indenture granted or pledged by such 
Grantors pursuant to any Prepetition Second Lien Collateral Document or any other Prepetition 
Second Lien Loan Document shall collectively be referred to herein as the “Prepetition Second 
Lien Collateral.”  As of the Petition Date, (I) the Prepetition Second Liens (a) are legal, valid, 
binding, enforceable, and perfected Liens, (b) were granted to, or for the benefit of, the Prepetition 
Second Lien Secured Parties for fair consideration and reasonably equivalent value, (c) are not 
subject to avoidance, recharacterization, or subordination pursuant to the Bankruptcy Code or 
Case 25-90309   Document 14   Filed in TXSB on 08/20/25   Page 150 of 225

=== page 151 ===
 
12 
applicable non-bankruptcy law (except for the priming contemplated herein), and (d) are subject 
and subordinate only to (A) the DIP Liens (as defined below), (B) the Prepetition First Liens, (C) 
the Carve-Out (as defined below), and (D) the Prepetition Prior Liens, and (II) (w) the Prepetition 
Second Lien Obligations constitute legal, valid, and binding obligations of the applicable Debtors, 
enforceable in accordance with the terms of the applicable Prepetition Second Lien Loan 
Documents (other than in respect of the stay of enforcement arising from section 362 of the 
Bankruptcy Code), (x) no setoffs, recoupments, offsets, defenses, or counterclaims to any of the 
Prepetition Second Lien Obligations exist, (y) no portion of the Prepetition Second Lien 
Obligations or any payments made to any or all of the Prepetition Second Lien Secured Parties are 
subject to avoidance, disallowance, disgorgement, recharacterization, recovery, subordination, 
attack, offset, counterclaim, defense, or “claim” (as defined in section 101(5) of the Bankruptcy 
Code) of any kind pursuant to the Bankruptcy Code or applicable non-bankruptcy law, and (z) 
each of the Subsidiary Guarantees (as defined in the Prepetition Second Lien Indenture) shall 
continue in full force and effect to unconditionally guaranty the Prepetition Second Lien 
Obligations notwithstanding any use of Cash Collateral permitted hereunder or any financing and 
financial accommodations extended by the DIP Secured Parties to the Debtors pursuant to the 
terms of this Interim Order or the DIP Loan Documents.  
(iii) Amounts Owed under Prepetition Second Lien Loan Documents.  As of the 
Petition Date, the applicable Debtors owed the Prepetition Second Lien Secured Parties, pursuant 
to the Prepetition Second Lien Loan Documents, without defense, counterclaim, reduction or offset 
of any kind, in respect of loans made, letters of credit issued and other financial accommodations 
made by the Prepetition Second Lien Secured Parties, an aggregate principal amount of not less 
than $316, 233, 250 with respect to the Notes Obligations (as defined in the Prepetition Second 
Case 25-90309   Document 14   Filed in TXSB on 08/20/25   Page 151 of 225

=== page 152 ===
 
13 
Lien Indenture), plus all accrued and hereafter accruing and unpaid interest thereon and any 
additional fees, expenses (including any reasonable attorneys’, accountants’, appraisers’, and 
financial advisors’ fees and expenses that are chargeable or reimbursable under the Prepetition 
Second Lien Loan Documents), and other amounts now or hereafter due under the Prepetition 
Second Lien Loan Documents. 
(iv)Release of Claims.  Subject to the reservation of rights set forth in Paragraph 
6 below, each Debtor and its estate shall be deemed to have forever waived, discharged, and 
released each of the Prepetition Second Lien Secured Parties and their respective affiliates, assigns 
or successors and the respective members, managers, equity holders, affiliates, agents, attorneys, 
financial advisors, consultants, officers, directors, employees and other representatives of the 
foregoing (all of the foregoing, collectively, the “Prepetition Second Lien Secured Party 
Releasees”) from any and all “claims” (as defined in section 101(5) of the Bankruptcy Code), 
counterclaims, causes of action (including causes of action in the nature of “lender liability”), 
defenses, setoff, recoupment, other offset rights and other rights of disgorgement or recovery 
against any and all of the Prepetition Second Lien Secured Party Releasees, whether arising at law 
or in equity, relating to and/or otherwise in connection with the Prepetition Second Lien 
Obligations, the Prepetition Second Liens, or the debtor-creditor relationship between any of the 
Prepetition Second Lien Secured Parties, on the one hand, and any of  the Debtors, on the other 
hand, including (I) any recharacterization, subordination, avoidance, disallowance or other claim 
arising under or pursuant to section 105 or chapter 5 of the Bankruptcy Code or under any other 
similar provisions of applicable state law, federal law, or municipal law and (II) any right or basis 
to challenge or object to the amount, validity, or enforceability of the Prepetition Second Lien 
Obligations or any payments or other transfers made on account of the Prepetition Second Lien 
Case 25-90309   Document 14   Filed in TXSB on 08/20/25   Page 152 of 225

=== page 153 ===
 
14 
Obligations, or the validity, enforceability, priority, or non-avoidability of the Prepetition Second 
Liens securing the Prepetition Second Lien Obligations, including any right or basis to seek any 
disgorgement or recovery of payments of cash or any other distributions or transfers previously 
received by any of the Prepetition Second Lien Secured Party Releasees. 
F. 
Cash Collateral.  All of the Debtors’ cash, including any cash in deposit 
accounts of the Debtors, wherever located, constitutes Cash Collateral of the Prepetition First Lien 
Secured Parties and the Prepetition Second Lien Secured Parties. 
G. 
Intercreditor Agreement.  The Intercreditor Agreement, dated as of March 
7, 2025 (as amended, restated, supplemented, or otherwise modified in accordance with its terms, 
the “Intercreditor Agreement”), sets forth subordination and other provisions governing the 
relative priorities and rights of the Prepetition First Lien Secured Parties and their respective 
Prepetition First Lien Obligations and Prepetition First Liens, on the one hand, and the Prepetition 
Second Lien Secured Parties and their respective Prepetition Second Lien Obligations and 
Prepetition Second Liens, on the other hand.  Pursuant to section 510 of the Bankruptcy Code, 
such Intercreditor Agreement and any other intercreditor agreement or subordination agreement 
between and/or among the Prepetition First Lien Agent, the Prepetition Second Lien Trustee, any 
Prepetition First Lien Lender, any Prepetition Second Lien Noteholder, any Debtor or affiliate 
thereof, and any other applicable intercreditor or subordination provisions contained in any credit 
agreement, security agreement, indenture or related document, (i) shall remain in full force and 
effect, (ii) shall continue to govern the relative priorities, rights and remedies of the Prepetition 
First Lien Secured Parties and the Prepetition Second Lien Secured Parties (including the relative 
priorities, rights and remedies of such parties with respect to the replacement liens and 
administrative expense claims and superpriority administrative expense claims granted, or 
Case 25-90309   Document 14   Filed in TXSB on 08/20/25   Page 153 of 225

=== page 154 ===
 
15 
amounts payable, by the Debtors under this Interim Order or otherwise and the modification of the 
automatic stay), and (iii) shall not be amended, altered or modified by the terms of this Interim 
Order or the DIP Loan Documents, and for avoidance of doubt, any acts or omissions by any 
Prepetition Second Lien Secured Party in connection with any chapter 11 plan of reorganization 
or liquidation in these Chapter 11 Cases (whether confirmed under section 1129(a) or (b) of the 
Bankruptcy Code), and any distributions on account of, or other treatment of, any Prepetition 
Second Lien Obligations pursuant to any such plan, shall remain subject to the Intercreditor 
Agreement (including its turnover provisions) or any other applicable intercreditor or 
subordination provisions.  
H. 
Findings Regarding the DIP Facility. 
(i) 
Need for Postpetition Financing.  The Debtors have an immediate 
need to obtain the DIP Facility and use Cash Collateral to, among other things, permit the orderly 
continuation of the operation of their businesses, to maintain business relationships with vendors, 
suppliers, and customers, to make payroll, to make capital expenditures, to satisfy other working 
capital and operational needs, and to otherwise preserve the value of the Debtors’ estates.  The 
Debtors’ access to sufficient working capital and liquidity through the use of Cash Collateral and 
borrowing under the DIP Facility is vital to a successful reorganization and/or to otherwise 
preserve the enterprise value of the Debtors’ estates.  Immediate and irreparable harm will be 
caused to the Debtors and their estates if immediate financing is not obtained and permission to 
use Cash Collateral is not granted, in each case in accordance with the terms of this Interim Order 
and the DIP Loan Documents.   
(ii) 
No Credit Available on More Favorable Terms.  The Debtors have 
been and continue to be unable to obtain financing on more favorable terms from sources other 
Case 25-90309   Document 14   Filed in TXSB on 08/20/25   Page 154 of 225

=== page 155 ===
 
16 
than the DIP Secured Parties under the DIP Loan Documents and this Interim Order.  The Debtors 
are unable to obtain unsecured credit allowable under section 503(b)(1) of the Bankruptcy Code 
as an administrative expense or secured credit allowable only under sections 364(c)(1), 364(c)(2), 
or 364(c)(3) of the Bankruptcy Code.  The Debtors are unable to obtain secured credit under 
section 364(d)(1) of the Bankruptcy Code without (a) granting to the DIP Secured Parties the 
rights, remedies, privileges, benefits, and protections provided herein and in the DIP Loan 
Documents, including the DIP Liens and the DIP Superpriority Claims (as defined below), (b) 
allowing the DIP Secured Parties to provide the loans, letters of credit, and other financial 
accommodations under the DIP Facility on the terms set forth herein and in the DIP Loan 
Documents, (c) granting to the Prepetition First Lien Secured Parties the rights, remedies, 
privileges, benefits, and protections provided herein and in the DIP Loan Documents, including 
the Prepetition First Lien Adequate Protection, and (d) granting to the Prepetition Second Lien 
Secured Parties the rights, remedies, privileges, benefits, and protections provided herein and in 
the DIP Loan Documents, including the Prepetition Second Lien Adequate Protection (all of the 
foregoing described in clauses (a), (b), (c) and (d) above, collectively, the “DIP Protections”). 
I. 
Interim Financing.  During the Interim Period (as defined below), the DIP 
Secured Parties and, as applicable, the Prepetition First Lien Secured Parties and the Prepetition 
Second Lien Secured Parties are willing to provide financing to the Debtors and/or consent to the 
use of Cash Collateral by the Debtors, subject to (i) the entry of this Interim Order, and (ii) the 
terms and conditions of the DIP Loan Documents.   
J. 
Adequate Protection for Prepetition Secured Parties.  The Prepetition 
First Lien Secured Parties and the Prepetition Second Lien Secured Parties have agreed to permit 
the Debtors to use the Prepetition First Lien Collateral and Prepetition Second Lien Collateral, 
Case 25-90309   Document 14   Filed in TXSB on 08/20/25   Page 155 of 225

=== page 156 ===
 
17 
respectively, including the Cash Collateral, during the Interim Period, subject to the terms and 
conditions set forth herein, including the protections afforded a party acting in “good faith” under 
section 364(e) of the Bankruptcy Code.  In addition, the DIP Facility contemplated hereby provides 
for a priming of the Prepetition First Liens and the Prepetition Second Liens pursuant to section 
364(d) of the Bankruptcy Code.  The Prepetition First Lien Secured Parties and Prepetition Second 
Lien Secured Parties are entitled to the adequate protection as set forth herein pursuant to sections 
361, 362, 363, and 364 of the Bankruptcy Code.  Based on the DIP Motion and on the record 
presented to this Court at the Interim Hearing, the terms of the proposed adequate protection 
arrangements, use of the Cash Collateral, and the DIP Facility contemplated hereby are fair and 
reasonable, reflect the Debtors’ prudent exercise of business judgment consistent with their 
fiduciary duties, and constitute reasonably equivalent value and fair consideration for the consent 
of the Prepetition First Lien Secured Parties.  Prepetition First Lien Lenders holding more than 
50% of the aggregate principal balance of the Loans (as defined in the Prepetition First Lien Credit 
Agreement) (which Prepetition First Lien Lenders constitute “Required Lenders,” as defined in 
the Prepetition First Lien Credit Agreement, the “Required Prepetition First Lien Lenders”) have 
expressly consented to the entry of this Interim Order and the relief provided herein and pursuant 
to the terms of the Prepetition First Lien Credit Agreement, the consents of such Prepetition First 
Lien Lenders are binding on all Prepetition First Lien Secured Parties.  [None of the remaining 
Prepetition First Lien Secured Parties has filed an objection to the entry of this Interim Order or 
the relief provided herein], and in any event, the prepetition Liens and security interests of such 
parties are adequately protected pursuant to the terms of this Interim Order.  Notwithstanding 
anything to the contrary herein, the Prepetition First Lien Secured Parties’ consent to the DIP 
Facility and to the priming of the Prepetition First Liens by the DIP Liens is expressly limited to 
Case 25-90309   Document 14   Filed in TXSB on 08/20/25   Page 156 of 225

=== page 157 ===
 
18 
the present DIP Facility and the DIP Liens securing same and shall not be applicable to any other 
debtor-in-possession credit facility, even if it contains substantially the same economic terms as 
this DIP Facility.  Pursuant to the terms of the Intercreditor Agreement, the Prepetition Second 
Lien Noteholders are deemed to have consented to the entry of this Interim Order and the relief 
provided herein.   
K. 
Section 552.  In light of the subordination of their Liens and superpriority 
administrative claims to the Carve-Out and the DIP Liens, each of the Prepetition First Lien 
Secured Parties is entitled to all of the rights and benefits of section 552(b) of the Bankruptcy 
Code, and, subject to the entry of the Final Order, the “equities of the case” exception shall not 
apply.  
L. 
Business Judgment and Good Faith Pursuant to Section 364(e).  
(i) 
The DIP Secured Parties have indicated a willingness to provide 
postpetition secured financing via the DIP Facility to the Debtors in accordance with the DIP Loan 
Documents and this Interim Order.   
(ii) 
The terms and conditions of the DIP Facility and the DIP Backstop 
Commitment Letters (as defined in the Restructuring Support Agreement) as set forth in the DIP 
Loan Documents, and the DIP Backstop Commitment Letters and this Interim Order, and the fees, 
expenses and other charges paid and to be paid thereunder or in connection therewith (including, 
without limitation, the Backstop Premium (as defined in the DIP Backstop Commitment Letters)), 
are fair, reasonable, and the best available under the circumstances, and the Debtors’ agreement to 
the terms and conditions of the DIP Loan Documents and to the payment of such fees reflect the 
Debtors’ exercise of prudent business judgment consistent with their fiduciary duties.  Such terms 
and conditions are supported by reasonably equivalent value and fair consideration. 
Case 25-90309   Document 14   Filed in TXSB on 08/20/25   Page 157 of 225

=== page 158 ===
 
19 
(iii) 
The DIP Secured Parties, the Prepetition First Lien Secured Parties 
and the Debtors, with the assistance and counsel of their respective advisors, have acted in good 
faith and at arms’ length in, as applicable, negotiating, consenting to, and/or agreeing to, the DIP 
Facility, the Debtors’ use of the DIP Collateral and the Prepetition First Lien Collateral (including 
Cash Collateral), the DIP Loan Documents and the DIP Protections (including the Prepetition First 
Lien Adequate Protection and the Prepetition Second Lien Adequate Protection).  The DIP 
Obligations (including all advances that are made at any time to the Debtors under the DIP Loan 
Documents) and the Debtors’ use of the DIP Collateral, the Prepetition First Lien Collateral and 
the Prepetition Second Lien Collateral (including Cash Collateral) shall be deemed to have been 
extended and/or consented to by the DIP Secured Parties, the Prepetition First Lien Secured Parties 
and the Prepetition Second Lien Secured Parties for valid business purposes and uses and in good 
faith, as that term is used in section 364(e) of the Bankruptcy Code, and in express and good faith 
reliance upon the protections offered by section 364(e) of the Bankruptcy Code and this Interim 
Order, and, accordingly, the DIP Liens, the DIP Superpriority Claims, the Prepetition First Lien 
Adequate Protection, the Prepetition Second Lien Adequate Protection and the other DIP 
Protections shall be entitled to the full protection of section 364(e) of the Bankruptcy Code and 
this Interim Order in the event this Interim Order or any other order or any provision hereof or 
thereof is vacated, reversed, amended, or modified, on appeal or otherwise.   
M. 
Relief Essential; Best Interest.  For the reasons stated above, the Debtors 
have requested immediate entry of this Interim Order pursuant to Bankruptcy Rules 4001(b)(2) 
and 4001(c)(2), and the Bankruptcy Local Rules.  Absent granting the relief set forth in this Interim 
Order, the Debtors’ estates, their businesses and properties and their ability to successfully 
reorganize or otherwise preserve the enterprise value of the Debtors’ estates will be immediately 
Case 25-90309   Document 14   Filed in TXSB on 08/20/25   Page 158 of 225

=== page 159 ===
 
20 
and irreparably harmed.  Consummation of the DIP Facility and authorization of the use of Cash 
Collateral in accordance with this Interim Order and the DIP Loan Documents is therefore in the 
best interests of the Debtors’ estates and consistent with their fiduciary duties. Based on all of the 
foregoing, sufficient cause exists for immediate entry of this Interim Order pursuant to Bankruptcy 
Rules 4001(b)(2) and 4001(c)(2) and the applicable Local Rules.   
NOW, THEREFORE, based on the DIP Motion and the record before this Court with 
respect to the DIP Motion, and with the consent of the Debtors, the Prepetition First Lien Agent 
and the requisite Prepetition First Lien Secured Parties (on behalf of all of the Prepetition First 
Lien Secured Parties), the Prepetition Second Lien Trustee (on behalf of all of the Prepetition 
Second Lien Secured Parties) and the DIP Agent (on behalf of all of the DIP Secured Parties) to 
the form and entry of this Interim Order, and good and sufficient cause appearing therefor, 
IT IS ORDERED that:   
1. 
Motion Granted.  The DIP Motion is hereby granted on an interim basis in 
accordance with the terms and conditions set forth in this Interim Order and the DIP Loan 
Documents.  Any objections to the DIP Motion with respect to the entry of this Interim Order that 
have not been withdrawn, waived, or settled, and all reservations of rights included therein, are 
hereby denied and overruled.  
2. 
DIP Loan Documents and DIP Protections. 
(a) 
Approval of DIP Loan Documents.  The Debtors are expressly and immediately 
authorized to establish the DIP Facility, to execute, deliver, and perform under the DIP Loan 
Documents and this Interim Order, to incur the DIP Obligations (as defined below), in accordance 
with, and subject to, the terms of this Interim Order and the DIP Loan Documents, and to execute, 
deliver, and perform under all other instruments, certificates, agreements, and documents that 
Case 25-90309   Document 14   Filed in TXSB on 08/20/25   Page 159 of 225

=== page 160 ===
 
21 
may be required or necessary for the performance by the applicable Debtors under the DIP Loan 
Documents and the creation and perfection of the DIP Liens described in, and provided for, by 
this Interim Order and the DIP Loan Documents.  The Debtors are hereby authorized and 
empowered to do and perform all acts and pay the principal, interest, fees, expenses, and other 
amounts described in the DIP Loan Documents as such become due pursuant to the DIP Loan 
Documents and this Interim Order, including all closing fees, administrative fees, commitment 
fees, and reasonable attorneys’, financial advisors’, and accountants’ fees, and disbursements 
arising under the DIP Loan Documents and this Interim Order, which amounts shall not be subject 
to further approval of this Court and shall be non-refundable and not subject to challenge in any 
respect; provided, however, that the payment of the fees and expenses of the Lender Professionals 
(as defined below) shall be subject to the provisions of Paragraph 20(b).  Upon their execution 
and delivery, the DIP Loan Documents shall represent the legal, valid and binding obligations of 
the applicable Debtors enforceable against such Debtors in accordance with their terms.  Each 
officer of a Debtor (including the Chief Transformation Officer) acting singly is hereby 
authorized to execute and deliver each of the DIP Loan Documents, such execution and delivery 
to be conclusive evidence of such officer’s respective authority to act in the name of and on behalf 
of the Debtors. 
(b) 
DIP Obligations.  For purposes of this Interim Order, the term “DIP Obligations” 
shall mean all amounts and other obligations and liabilities owing by the respective Debtors under 
the DIP Credit Agreement and other DIP Loan Documents (including all “Obligations” as defined 
in the DIP Credit Agreement) and shall include the principal of, interest on, and fees, costs, 
expenses, and other charges owing in respect of, such amounts (including any reasonable 
attorneys’, accountants’, financial advisors’, and other fees, costs, and expenses that are chargeable 
Case 25-90309   Document 14   Filed in TXSB on 08/20/25   Page 160 of 225

=== page 161 ===
 
22 
or reimbursable under the DIP Loan Documents and/or this Interim Order), and any obligations in 
respect of indemnity claims, whether contingent or otherwise.   
(c) 
Authorization to Incur DIP Obligations and Use Cash Collateral.  To enable the 
Debtors to continue to operate their businesses and preserve and maximize the value of their 
estates, during the period from the entry of this Interim Order through and including the earliest to 
occur of (i) the entry of the Final Order, or (ii) the Termination Declaration (as defined below), in 
each case unless extended by written agreement of the Required DIP Lenders and Required 
Prepetition First Lien Lenders (the period from the entry of this Interim Order through and 
including such earliest date, the “Interim Period”), (I) the Borrower is hereby authorized to (a) 
incur DIP Obligations in an aggregate principal amount not to exceed $62.5 million under the DIP 
Facility and (b) use Cash Collateral and (II) any proposed use of the proceeds of DIP Loans or use 
of Cash Collateral shall be consistent with the terms and conditions of this Interim Order and the 
DIP Loan Documents, including the Approved Budget and the Budget Covenants as defined and 
contained in Paragraph 2(e) below.  Following the entry of the Final Order, the Borrower’s 
authority to incur further DIP Obligations, if any, and use further Cash Collateral will be governed 
by the terms of such Final Order and the DIP Loan Documents.  All DIP Obligations shall be 
unconditionally guaranteed, on a joint and several basis, by the DIP Guarantors, as further provided 
in the DIP Loan Documents.   
(d) 
DIP Account. The Debtors shall, immediately upon receipt of any proceeds of the 
DIP Facility, deposit such amounts into a segregated account (the “DIP Account”) of the Borrower, 
which amounts may only be drawn in accordance with the Approved Budget (subject to Budget 
Covenants), the terms and conditions of this Interim Order, and the DIP Credit Agreement, and 
with all funds held in the DIP Account deemed to be DIP Collateral. Once withdrawn from the 
Case 25-90309   Document 14   Filed in TXSB on 08/20/25   Page 161 of 225

=== page 162 ===
 
23 
DIP Account, the funds shall continue to be DIP Collateral until such funds are first used by the 
Debtors, and at all times the Debtors shall, notwithstanding any potential commingling, establish 
commercially reasonable internal cash management procedures to allow for the continued tracing 
of such funds. Funds in the DIP Account will become available to be drawn by and/or shall be 
disbursed to the Debtors in accordance with the Approved Budget (subject to Budget Covenants), 
this Interim Order, and the DIP Credit Agreement. 
(e) 
Budget.  Attached hereto as Schedule 1 is a rolling 13-week cash flow budget (the 
“Initial Approved Budget”) that reflects on a line-item basis the Debtors’ (i) weekly projected cash 
receipts (including from non-ordinary course assets sales), (ii) weekly projected disbursements 
(including ordinary course operating expenses, bankruptcy-related expenses under the Chapter 11 
Cases, capital expenditures, and estimated fees and expenses of the DIP Agent (including counsel 
and financial advisors therefor)  and any other fees and expenses relating to the DIP Facility), (iii) 
the sum of weekly unrestricted cash on hand and cash in the segregated account (collectively, 
“Liquidity”).  The Debtors shall prepare and deliver to the DIP Agent (for distribution to the DIP 
Lenders) an updated “rolling” 13-week budget in accordance with Schedule 5.01(f) to the DIP 
Credit Agreement (or, at the option of the Borrower, more frequently) (the “Updated Budget”), 
which shall become the then “Approved Budget” upon approval by Required DIP Lenders in their 
sole discretion (and to the extent any Updated Budget is not approved by the Required DIP 
Lenders, the Approved Budget that is then in effect shall continue to constitute the Approved 
Budget for purposes of the DIP Facility); provided, however, that (i) the Updated Budget will be 
deemed approved unless the Required DIP Lenders provide written notice of their objection thereto 
(email being sufficient) within three (3) Business Days of the delivery of such Updated Budget, 
and during such period, the Initial Approved Budget or most recent Approved Budget, as 
Case 25-90309   Document 14   Filed in TXSB on 08/20/25   Page 162 of 225

=== page 163 ===
 
24 
applicable, shall remain in effect (the “Interim Approval Period”), (ii) following the Interim 
Approval Period, if no objection is received from the Required DIP Lenders pursuant to clause (i), 
the Updated Budget shall be deemed the “Approved Budget” (it being understood that the 
Approved Budget shall be the initial Approved Budget until superseded by an approved Updated 
Budget), and (iii) the Required DIP Lenders shall not have any obligation to approve any Updated 
Budget.  The Borrower shall provide, on or prior to the Friday of each week, Approved Budget 
variance reports on a line-item basis and Liquidity reports, in each case, for the cumulative 
Reporting Period pursuant to Schedule 5.01(f) to the DIP Credit Agreement and a computation of 
Liquidity as of the preceding calendar week-end.  Notwithstanding anything to the contrary in this 
Interim Order, the professional fees, costs and expenses of the DIP Agent’s advisors and the 
Prepetition First Lien Agent’s advisors, respectively, shall be due, payable and paid in accordance 
with the terms of this Interim Order notwithstanding any budgeted amounts for such fees, costs 
and expenses set forth in the Approved Budget, and the Debtors shall not be deemed to have 
breached the terms of the Approved Budget or the Budget Covenants (as defined in 2(f)) to the 
extent the actual amount of such fees, costs and expenses exceed the applicable budgeted amounts 
as set forth in the Approved Budget.  For the avoidance of doubt, the foregoing shall not limit the 
timely payment of Allowed Professional Fees that benefit from the Carve-Out as set forth in 
Paragraph 7. 
(f) 
Budget Covenants.  The Debtors shall only incur DIP Obligations and expend Cash 
Collateral and other DIP Collateral proceeds in accordance with the Approved Budget (and in the 
case of the costs and expenses of the Required DIP Lenders and the Required Prepetition First 
Lien Lenders, in accordance with the DIP Loan Documents and this Interim Order without being 
limited by the Approved Budget), subject to the following Permitted Variances (as defined 
Case 25-90309   Document 14   Filed in TXSB on 08/20/25   Page 163 of 225

=== page 164 ===
 
25 
below).  As of the last date of each Test Period, (1) the unfavorable variance (as compared to the 
Approved Budget) of the cumulative operating cash receipts of the Debtors shall not exceed 15% 
and (2) the unfavorable variance (as compared to the Approved Budget) of the cumulative 
operating disbursements (other than professional fees and expenses incurred by the Debtors, the 
DIP Agent, and the advisors to the Backstop Parties) shall not exceed 15%, in each case, 
(collectively, the “Permitted Variances”). “Test Period” shall mean (i) initially, the period 
commencing on the Monday immediately prior to the Petition Date and ending on September 28, 
2025, and (ii) thereafter, the four- or five-week period ending on the last Sunday of the month. 
For the avoidance of doubt, see Schedule 5.01(f) to the DIP Credit Agreement for Variance and 
Liquidity reporting.  The foregoing budget-related covenants are collectively referred to herein 
as the “Budget Covenants.”  For the avoidance of doubt, the foregoing shall not limit the timely 
payment of Allowed Professional Fees that benefit from the Carve-Out as set forth in Paragraph 
7. 
(g) 
Interest, Fees, Costs, Indemnities and Expenses.  The DIP Obligations shall bear 
interest at the rates, and be due and payable (and paid), as set forth in, and in accordance with the 
terms and conditions of, this Interim Order and the DIP Loan Documents, in each case without 
further notice, motion, or application to, order of, or hearing before, this Court.  The Debtors shall 
pay on demand all fees, costs, indemnities, expenses (including, subject to Paragraph 20(b), 
reasonable out-of-pocket legal and other professional fees and expenses of the DIP Agent) and 
other charges payable under the terms of the DIP Loan Documents.  All such fees, costs, 
indemnities, expenses and disbursements, whether incurred, paid or required to be paid 
prepetition or post-petition and whether or not budgeted in the Approved Budget, are hereby 
affirmed, ratified, authorized and payable (and any funds held by the DIP Agent and/or its 
Case 25-90309   Document 14   Filed in TXSB on 08/20/25   Page 164 of 225

=== page 165 ===
 
26 
professionals as of the Petition Date for payment of such fees, costs, indemnities, expenses and 
disbursements may be applied for payment) as contemplated in this Interim Order and the DIP 
Loan Documents, and, subject to the provisions of Paragraph 20(b) with respect to the fees and 
expenses of the Lender Professionals, shall be non-refundable and not subject to challenge in any 
respect. 
(h) 
Use of DIP Facility and Proceeds of DIP Collateral.  The Borrower shall use the 
proceeds of all DIP Collateral solely in accordance with this Interim Order and the DIP Loan 
Documents; provided, that the foregoing shall not limit the timely payment of Allowed 
Professional Fees that benefit from the Carve-Out as set forth in Paragraph 7.  Without limiting 
the foregoing, the Debtors shall not be permitted to make any payments from the DIP Collateral, 
the proceeds of DIP Loans or otherwise on account of any prepetition debt or obligation prior to 
the effective date of a confirmed chapter 11 plan or plans with respect to any of the Debtors, 
except (a) with respect to the Prepetition First Lien Obligations as set forth in this Interim Order 
and a Final Order; (b) as provided in the First Day Orders, which First Day Orders shall be in 
form and substance reasonably acceptable to the Required DIP Lenders and the Required 
Prepetition First Lien Lenders; (c) as expressly provided in other orders of this Court in form and 
substance reasonably acceptable to the Required DIP Lenders and the Required Prepetition First 
Lien Lenders; or (d) as otherwise expressly provided in the DIP Credit Agreement. 
(i) 
Conditions Precedent.  The DIP Secured Parties, the Prepetition First Lien Secured 
Parties and the Prepetition Second Lien Secured Parties each have no obligation to extend credit 
under the DIP Facility or permit use of any DIP Collateral, Prepetition First Lien Collateral or 
Prepetition Second Lien Collateral or any proceeds thereof, including Cash Collateral, as 
applicable, during the Interim Period unless and until all conditions precedent to the extension of 
Case 25-90309   Document 14   Filed in TXSB on 08/20/25   Page 165 of 225

=== page 166 ===
 
27 
credit and/or use of DIP Collateral, Prepetition First Lien Collateral, Prepetition Second Lien 
Collateral or proceeds thereof under the DIP Loan Documents and this Interim Order have been 
satisfied in full or waived by the Required DIP Lenders and the Required Prepetition First Lien 
Lenders in accordance with the DIP Loan Documents or Prepetition First Lien Credit Agreement 
or Intercreditor Agreement, as applicable, and this Interim Order. 
(j) 
DIP Liens.  As security for the DIP Obligations, effective as of the Petition Date, 
the following security interests and Liens, which shall immediately and without any further action 
by any Person be valid, binding, permanent, perfected, continuing, enforceable, and non-avoidable 
upon the entry of this Interim Order, are hereby granted by the Debtors to the DIP Agent, for itself 
and the other DIP Secured Parties (all such security interests and Liens granted to the DIP Agent 
for the benefit of all the DIP Secured Parties pursuant to this Interim Order and the DIP Loan 
Documents, the “DIP Liens”), on all property of the Debtors, now existing or hereinafter acquired, 
including all cash and cash equivalents (whether maintained with the DIP Agent or otherwise), 
and any investment in such cash or cash equivalents, money, inventory, goods, accounts 
receivable, other rights to payment, intercompany loans and other investments, securities and other 
investment property, contracts, contract rights, properties, plants, equipment, machinery, general 
intangibles, payment intangibles, accounts, deposit accounts, documents, instruments, chattel 
paper, documents of title, letters of credit, letter of credit rights, supporting obligations, leases and 
other interests in leaseholds, real property, fixtures, patents, copyrights, trademarks, trade names, 
other intellectual property, intellectual property licenses, permits, franchise rights, capital stock 
and other equity interests of subsidiaries and in other entities, tax and other refunds, insurance 
proceeds, commercial tort claims, the proceeds of Avoidance Actions (subject to entry of the Final 
Order), and other causes of action, and proceeds relating thereto, proceeds arising under section 
Case 25-90309   Document 14   Filed in TXSB on 08/20/25   Page 166 of 225

=== page 167 ===
 
28 
549 of the Bankruptcy Code (whether received by judgment, settlement or otherwise), all other 
Collateral (as defined in the DIP Loan Documents), and all other “property of the estate” (as 
defined in section 541 of the Bankruptcy Code) of any kind or nature, real or personal, tangible, 
intangible, or mixed, now existing or hereafter acquired or created, and all rents, products, 
substitutions, accessions, profits, replacements, and cash and non-cash proceeds of all of the 
foregoing, in each case wherever located; provided, however, that the DIP Liens on the proceeds 
of Avoidance Actions shall be subject to the entry of the Final Order and the DIP Liens shall not 
include any “Excluded Assets” (as defined in the DIP Loan Documents) (all of the foregoing 
collateral collectively referred to as the “DIP Collateral”):  
(I) 
pursuant to section 364(c)(2) of the Bankruptcy Code, a perfected, binding, 
continuing, enforceable, and non-avoidable first priority Lien (junior only to the 
Carve-Out) on all unencumbered DIP Collateral, including, subject to the entry of 
the Final Order, proceeds of the Debtors’ claims and causes of action under sections 
502(d), 544, 545, 547, 548, 550 and 553 of the Bankruptcy Code and any other 
avoidance or similar action under the Bankruptcy Code or similar state or municipal 
law and the proceeds of each of the foregoing (collectively, the “Avoidance 
Actions”, which for avoidance of doubt, excludes proceeds arising from the 
Debtors’ claims and causes of action under section 549 of the Bankruptcy Code or 
similar state or municipal law), whether received by judgment, settlement, or 
otherwise; 
(II) 
pursuant to section 364(c)(3) of the Bankruptcy Code, a perfected, binding, 
continuing, enforceable, and non-avoidable Lien upon all DIP Collateral that is 
subject to the Prepetition Prior Liens, which DIP Lien shall be junior only to such 
Prepetition Prior Liens and the Carve-Out; and 
(III) 
pursuant to section 364(d)(1) of the Bankruptcy Code, a perfected, binding, 
continuing, enforceable and non-avoidable first priority, senior priming Lien on all 
other DIP Collateral (including Cash Collateral), which DIP Lien (x) shall be senior 
to the First Lien Adequate Protection Liens and the Second Lien Adequate 
Protection Liens and senior and priming to (A) the Prepetition First Liens, (B) the 
Prepetition Second Liens and (C) any other Liens that are junior to the Prepetition 
First Liens or the First Lien Adequate Protection Liens, after giving effect to any 
intercreditor or subordination agreements (the Liens referenced in clauses (A) and 
(B), collectively, the “Primed Liens”) and shall be junior only to the Prepetition 
Prior Liens and the Carve-Out. 
Case 25-90309   Document 14   Filed in TXSB on 08/20/25   Page 167 of 225

=== page 168 ===
 
29 
(k) 
DIP Lien Priority.  Notwithstanding anything to the contrary contained in this 
Interim Order or the DIP Loan Documents, for the avoidance of doubt, the DIP Liens granted to 
the DIP Agent for the benefit of the DIP Secured Parties shall in each and every case be first 
priority senior Liens that (i) are subject only to the Prepetition Prior Liens and the Carve-Out, and 
(ii) except as provided in the immediately preceding sub-clause (i), are senior to all prepetition and 
postpetition Liens or other interests of any kind of any other person or entity (including the Primed 
Liens, the First Lien Adequate Protection Liens and the Second Lien Adequate Protection Liens), 
whether created voluntarily or involuntarily (including by order of a court). 
(l) 
Enforceable Obligations.  The DIP Loan Documents shall constitute and evidence 
the valid and binding DIP Obligations of the Debtors, which DIP Obligations shall be enforceable 
against the Debtors, their estates and any successors thereto (including any trustee or other estate 
representative in any Successor Case (as defined below)), and their creditors and other parties-in-
interest, in accordance with their terms.  No obligation, payment, transfer, or grant of security 
under the DIP Credit Agreement, the other DIP Loan Documents, or this Interim Order shall be 
stayed, restrained, voidable, avoidable, disallowable or recoverable under the Bankruptcy Code or 
under any applicable law (including under sections 502(d), 544, 547, 548, or 549 of the Bankruptcy 
Code or under any applicable state Uniform Fraudulent Transfer Act, Uniform Fraudulent 
Conveyance Act, or similar statute or common law), or subject to any avoidance, reduction, setoff, 
surcharge, recoupment, offset, recharacterization, subordination (whether equitable, contractual, 
or otherwise), counterclaim, cross-claim, defense, or any other challenge under the Bankruptcy 
Code or any applicable law or regulation by any person or entity. 
(m) 
Superpriority Administrative Claim Status.  In addition to the DIP Liens granted 
herein, effective immediately upon entry of this Interim Order, all of the DIP Obligations shall 
Case 25-90309   Document 14   Filed in TXSB on 08/20/25   Page 168 of 225

=== page 169 ===
 
30 
constitute allowed superpriority administrative claims pursuant to section 364(c)(1) of the 
Bankruptcy Code, which shall have priority, subject only to the payment of the Carve-Out in full 
in cash in accordance with this Interim Order, over all administrative expense claims, adequate 
protection and other diminution claims (including the First Lien Adequate Protection Superpriority 
Claims and the Second Lien Adequate Protection Superpriority Claims (each as defined below)), 
priority and other unsecured claims, and all other claims against the Debtors or their estates, now 
existing or hereafter arising, of any kind or nature whatsoever, including administrative expenses 
or other claims of the kinds specified in, or ordered pursuant to, sections 105, 326, 328, 330, 331, 
503(a), 503(b), 506(c), 507(a), 507(b), 546, 726, 1113, and 1114 or any other provision of the 
Bankruptcy Code or otherwise, whether or not such expenses or claims may become secured by a 
judgment Lien or other non-consensual Lien, levy, or attachment (the “DIP Superpriority 
Claims”).  The DIP Superpriority Claims shall, for purposes of section 1129(a)(9)(A) of the 
Bankruptcy Code, be considered administrative expenses allowed under section 503(b) of the 
Bankruptcy Code, shall be against each Debtor on a joint and several basis, and shall be payable 
from and have recourse to all prepetition and postpetition property of the Debtors and all proceeds 
thereof, including, subject to the entry of the Final Order, the proceeds of Avoidance Actions.  
Other than as expressly provided in the DIP Credit Agreement and/or this Interim Order with 
respect to the Carve-Out, no costs or expenses of administration, including professional fees 
allowed and payable under sections 328, 330, or 331 of the Bankruptcy Code, or otherwise, that 
have been or may be incurred in these proceedings, or in any Successor Cases, and no priority 
claims are, or will be, senior to, prior to, or on a parity with the DIP Superpriority Claims or the 
DIP Obligations, or with any other claims of the DIP Secured Parties arising under the DIP Loan 
Documents and/or this Interim Order.  
Case 25-90309   Document 14   Filed in TXSB on 08/20/25   Page 169 of 225

=== page 170 ===
 
31 
(n)  Priority of DIP Liens and DIP Superpriority Claims.  Without affecting, modifying or 
limiting the scope or priority of the Carve-Out, the DIP Liens and the DIP Superpriority Claims: 
(A) shall not be subject to sections 506, 510, 549, 550, or 551 of the Bankruptcy Code, (B) shall 
not be subordinate to, or pari passu with, (x) any Lien that is avoided and preserved for the benefit 
of the Debtors and their estates under section 551 of the Bankruptcy Code or otherwise or (y) any 
Liens or claims of any Debtor or any direct or indirect subsidiary thereof against any Debtor or 
any of such Debtor’s property, (C) shall be valid and enforceable against any trustee or any other 
estate representative elected or appointed in the Chapter 11 Cases, upon the conversion of any of 
the Chapter 11 Cases to a case under chapter 7 of the Bankruptcy Code or in any other proceedings 
related to any of the foregoing (each, a “Successor Case”), and/or upon the dismissal of any of the 
Chapter 11 Cases, and (D) notwithstanding anything to the contrary in any “first day” orders of 
this Court in any of the Chapter 11 Cases, shall be senior to any administrative claims arising under 
any such “first day” orders. 
3. 
Adequate Protection for Prepetition First Lien Secured Parties.  In 
consideration for the use of the Prepetition First Lien Collateral (including Cash Collateral) and 
the priming of the Prepetition First Liens, the Prepetition First Lien Agent, for the benefit of the 
Prepetition First Lien Secured Parties, shall receive the following adequate protection (collectively 
referred to as the “Prepetition First Lien Adequate Protection”): 
(i) 
First Lien Adequate Protection Liens.  To the extent there is a 
diminution in value of the interests of the Prepetition First Lien Secured Parties in the Prepetition 
First Lien Collateral (including Cash Collateral) from and after the Petition Date, whether or not 
resulting from the use, sale, or lease by the Debtors of the applicable Prepetition First Lien 
Collateral (including Cash Collateral), the granting of the DIP Superpriority Claims, the granting 
Case 25-90309   Document 14   Filed in TXSB on 08/20/25   Page 170 of 225

=== page 171 ===
 
32 
of the DIP Liens, the subordination of the Prepetition First Liens thereto and to the Carve-Out, the 
imposition or enforcement of the automatic stay of section 362(a) of the Bankruptcy Code 
(“Diminution in Prepetition First Lien Collateral Value”), the Prepetition First Lien Agent, for the 
benefit of all the Prepetition First Lien Secured Parties, is hereby granted, subject to the terms and 
conditions set forth below, pursuant to sections 361 and 363(e) of the Bankruptcy Code, 
replacement Liens upon all of the DIP Collateral, including, subject to the entry of the Final Order, 
the proceeds of Avoidance Actions (such adequate protection replacement Liens, the “First Lien 
Adequate Protection Liens”), which First Lien Adequate Protection Liens on such DIP Collateral 
shall be subject and subordinate only to the DIP Liens, the Prepetition Prior Liens, and the Carve-
Out.   
(ii) 
First Lien Adequate Protection Superpriority Claims.  To the extent 
of Diminution in Prepetition First Lien Collateral Value, the Prepetition First Lien Secured Parties 
are hereby further granted allowed superpriority administrative claims (such adequate protection 
superpriority claims, the “First Lien Adequate Protection Superpriority Claims”), pursuant to 
section 507(b) of the Bankruptcy Code, with priority over all administrative expense claims and 
priority and other unsecured claims against the Debtors or their estates, now existing or hereafter 
arising, of any kind or nature whatsoever, including administrative expenses of the kind specified 
in or ordered pursuant to sections 105, 326, 328, 330, 331, 503(a), 503(b), 506(c) (subject to the 
entry of the Final Order to the extent provided in Paragraph 8), 507(a), 507(b), 546(c), 546(d), 
726, 1113, 1114 or any other provision of the Bankruptcy Code or otherwise, junior only to the 
DIP Superpriority Claims and the Carve-Out, and payable from and having recourse to all 
prepetition and postpetition property of the Debtors and all proceeds thereof (including, subject to 
entry of the Final Order, all proceeds of Avoidance Actions; provided, however, that the 
Case 25-90309   Document 14   Filed in TXSB on 08/20/25   Page 171 of 225

=== page 172 ===
 
33 
Prepetition First Lien Secured Parties shall not receive or retain any payments, property, or other 
amounts in respect of the First Lien Adequate Protection Superpriority Claims unless and until all 
DIP Obligations have been Paid in Full (as defined below).  Subject to the relative priorities set 
forth above, the First Lien Adequate Protection Superpriority Claims against each Debtor shall be 
allowed and enforceable against each Debtor and its estate on a joint and several basis.  For 
purposes of this Interim Order, the terms “Paid in Full,” “Repaid in Full,” “Repay in Full,” and 
“Payment in Full” shall mean, with respect to any referenced DIP Obligations, Prepetition First 
Lien Obligations and/or Prepetition Second Lien Obligations, (i) the indefeasible payment in full 
in cash of such obligations, (ii) the termination or cash collateralization, in accordance with the 
DIP Loan Documents, Prepetition First Lien Loan Documents or Prepetition Second Lien Loan 
Documents, as applicable, of all undrawn letters of credit outstanding thereunder, and (iii) the 
termination of all credit commitments under the DIP Loan Documents, Prepetition First Lien Loan 
Documents and/or Prepetition Second Lien Loan Documents, as applicable; provided, however, 
that the First Lien Adequate Protection Superpriority Claims granted to the Prepetition First Lien 
Secured Parties may be impaired pursuant to any chapter 11 plan of reorganization in the Chapter 
11 Cases with the vote of the applicable class of the holders of such claims that satisfies the 
requirements of section 1126 of the Bankruptcy Code, in which case, Paid in Full (or any of the 
other variants of this phrase referenced above) would occur upon consummation of such plan.   
(iii) 
Priority of First Lien Adequate Protection Liens and First Lien 
Adequate Protection Superpriority Claims.  Without affecting, modifying or limiting the scope or 
priority of the Carve-Out, the First Lien Adequate Protection Liens and the First Lien Adequate 
Protection Superpriority Claim (as defined below) (A) shall not be subject to sections 510, 549, 
550, or 551 of the Bankruptcy Code or, subject to entry of the Final Order, section 506(c) of the 
Case 25-90309   Document 14   Filed in TXSB on 08/20/25   Page 172 of 225

=== page 173 ===
 
34 
Bankruptcy Code or the “equities of the case” exception of section 552 of the Bankruptcy Code, 
(B) shall not be subordinate to, or pari passu with, (x) any Lien that is avoided and preserved for 
the benefit of the Debtors and their estates under section 551 of the Bankruptcy Code or otherwise 
or (y) any Liens or claims of any Debtor or any direct or indirect subsidiary thereof against any 
Debtor or any of such Debtor’s property, (C) shall be valid, binding, perfected and enforceable 
against any trustee or any other estate representative elected or appointed in the Chapter 11 Cases 
or any Successor Cases, and/or upon the dismissal of any of the Chapter 11 Cases, and (D) 
notwithstanding anything to the contrary in any “first day” orders of this Court in any of the 
Chapter 11 Cases, shall be senior to any administrative claims arising under any such “first day” 
orders. 
(iv) 
Professional Fees and Interest.  Without limiting any rights of the 
Prepetition First Lien Agent and the other Prepetition First Lien Secured Parties under section 
506(b) of the Bankruptcy Code, which rights are hereby preserved, and in consideration, and as a 
requirement, for obtaining the consent of the Prepetition First Lien Secured Parties to the entry of 
this Interim Order and the Debtors’ consensual use of Cash Collateral as provided herein, the 
Debtors shall (i) pay or reimburse in cash the Prepetition First Lien Agent for any and all fees, 
costs, expenses, and charges (including, subject to Paragraph 20(b) below, the reasonable fees, 
costs, and expenses of counsel and financial advisors for the Prepetition First Lien Agent) to the 
extent, and at the times, payable under the Prepetition First Lien Loan Documents, including any 
unpaid fees, costs and expenses accrued prior to the Petition Date and (ii) pay to the applicable 
Prepetition First Lien Secured Parties interest on the Prepetition First Lien Obligations under the 
Prepetition First Lien Credit Agreement accruing at a rate of 2.00% above the applicable rate set 
forth in Section 2.13(c) of the Prepetition First Lien Credit Agreement, to be capitalized to the 
Case 25-90309   Document 14   Filed in TXSB on 08/20/25   Page 173 of 225

=== page 174 ===
 
35 
outstanding principal of the Loans on the last Business Day of each calendar month after the 
Petition Date whether or not budgeted in the Approved Budget, and without further notice (except 
as provided in Paragraph 20(b) below with respect to postpetition professional fees, costs, and 
expenses), motion, or application to, order of, or hearing before, this Court.  
(v) 
The Debtors shall deliver to the Prepetition First Lien Secured Parties 
all information, reports, documents and other material that the Debtors provide to the DIP Secured 
Parties pursuant to the DIP Loan Documents.   
(vi) 
Unless otherwise expressly set forth herein, any consent or approval 
rights or similar rights granted or referenced in this Interim Order in favor of any or all of the DIP 
Agent, the other DIP Secured Parties, the Prepetition First Lien Agent and the other Prepetition 
First Lien Secured Parties may be exercised (or not exercised) in the sole discretion of such party. 
(vii) 
Consent to Priming and Adequate Protection.  The Prepetition First 
Lien Agent, on behalf of the Prepetition First Lien Secured Parties, consents to the Prepetition 
First Lien Adequate Protection and the priming provided for herein; provided, however, that such 
consent of the Prepetition First Lien Agent to the priming of the Prepetition First Liens and the use 
of Cash Collateral is expressly conditioned upon the entry of this Interim Order, and such consent 
shall not be deemed to extend to any other Cash Collateral usage or other replacement financing 
or debtor-in-possession financing other than the DIP Facility provided under the DIP Loan 
Documents; and provided, further, that such consent shall be of no force and effect in the event 
this Interim Order is not entered or is entered and subsequently reversed, modified, stayed, or 
amended (unless such reversal, modification, stay, or amendment is acceptable to the Prepetition 
First Lien Agent) or the DIP Loan Documents and DIP Facility as set forth herein are not approved.  
(viii) 
Right to Seek Additional Adequate Protection.  Under the 
Case 25-90309   Document 14   Filed in TXSB on 08/20/25   Page 174 of 225

=== page 175 ===
 
36 
circumstances and given that the above-described adequate protection is consistent with the 
Bankruptcy Code, including section 506(b) thereof, this Court finds that the adequate protection 
provided herein is reasonable to protect the interests of the Prepetition First Lien Secured Parties.  
However, the Prepetition First Lien Agent, on behalf of the Prepetition First Lien Secured Parties, 
may request Court approval for additional or alternative adequate protection, without prejudice to 
any objection of the Debtors or any other party in interest to the grant of any additional or 
alternative adequate protection (except as provided in the Intercreditor Agreement); provided that 
any such additional or alternative adequate protection shall at all times be subordinate and junior 
to (i) the Carve-Out and (ii) the claims and Liens of the DIP Secured Parties granted under this 
Interim Order and the DIP Loan Documents.  The consent of the Prepetition First Lien Secured 
Parties to the priming of the Prepetition First Liens by the DIP Liens and the Debtors’ use of Cash 
Collateral on the terms set forth herein does not constitute, and shall not be construed as 
constituting, an acknowledgment or stipulation by the Prepetition First Lien Secured Parties that 
their respective interests in the Prepetition First Lien Collateral are adequately protected pursuant 
to this Interim Order or otherwise.  
4. 
Adequate Protection for Prepetition Second Lien Secured Parties.  In 
consideration for the use of the Prepetition Second Lien Collateral (including Cash Collateral) and 
the priming of the Prepetition Second Liens, the Prepetition Second Lien Trustee, for the benefit 
of the Prepetition Second Lien Secured Parties, shall receive the following adequate protection 
(collectively referred to as the “Prepetition Second Lien Adequate Protection”): 
(i) 
Second Lien Adequate Protection Liens.  To the extent there is a 
diminution in value of the interests of the Prepetition Second Lien Secured Parties in the 
Prepetition Second Lien Collateral (including Cash Collateral) from and after the Petition Date, 
Case 25-90309   Document 14   Filed in TXSB on 08/20/25   Page 175 of 225

=== page 176 ===
 
37 
whether or not resulting from the use, sale, or lease by the Debtors of the applicable Prepetition 
Second Lien Collateral (including Cash Collateral), the granting of the DIP Superpriority Claims, 
the granting of the DIP Liens, the subordination of the Prepetition Second Liens thereto and to the 
Carve-Out, the imposition or enforcement of the automatic stay of section 362(a) of the 
Bankruptcy Code (“Diminution in Prepetition Second Lien Collateral Value”), the Prepetition 
Second Lien Trustee, for the benefit of all the Prepetition Second Lien Secured Parties, is hereby 
granted, subject to the terms and conditions set forth below, pursuant to sections 361 and 363(e) 
of the Bankruptcy Code, replacement Liens upon all of the DIP Collateral, including, subject to 
the entry of the Final Order, the proceeds of Avoidance Actions (such adequate protection 
replacement Liens, the “Second Lien Adequate Protection Liens”), which Second Lien Adequate 
Protection Liens on such DIP Collateral shall be subject and subordinate only to the DIP Liens, 
the Prepetition Prior Liens, the Prepetition First Liens, the First Lien Adequate Protection Liens 
and the Carve-Out.   
(ii) 
Second Lien Adequate Protection Superpriority Claims.  To the extent 
of Diminution in Prepetition Second Lien Collateral Value, the Prepetition Second Lien Secured 
Parties are hereby further granted allowed superpriority administrative claims (such adequate 
protection superpriority claims, the “Second Lien Adequate Protection Superpriority Claims”), 
pursuant to section 507(b) of the Bankruptcy Code, with priority over all administrative expense 
claims and priority and other unsecured claims against the Debtors or their estates, now existing 
or hereafter arising, of any kind or nature whatsoever, including administrative expenses of the 
kind specified in or ordered pursuant to sections 105, 326, 328, 330, 331, 503(a), 503(b), 506(c) 
(subject to the entry of the Final Order to the extent provided in Paragraph 8), 507(a), 507(b), 
546(c), 546(d), 726, 1113, 1114 or any other provision of the Bankruptcy Code or otherwise, junior 
Case 25-90309   Document 14   Filed in TXSB on 08/20/25   Page 176 of 225

=== page 177 ===
 
38 
only to the DIP Superpriority Claims, the First Lien Adequate Protection Superpriority Claims and 
the Carve-Out, and payable from and having recourse to all prepetition and postpetition property 
of the Debtors and all proceeds thereof (including, subject to entry of the Final Order, all the 
proceeds of Avoidance Actions); provided, however, that the Prepetition Second Lien Secured 
Parties shall not receive or retain any payments, property, or other amounts in respect of the Second 
Lien Adequate Protection Superpriority Claims unless and until all DIP Obligations and 
Prepetition First Lien Obligations have been Paid in Full; provided, further, that the Second Lien 
Adequate Protection Superpriority Claims granted to the Prepetition Second Lien Secured Parties 
may be impaired pursuant to any chapter 11 plan of reorganization in the Chapter 11 Cases with 
the vote of the applicable class of the holders of such claims that satisfies the requirements of 
section 1126 of the Bankruptcy Code, in which case, Paid in Full (or any of the other variants of 
this phrase referenced above) would occur upon consummation of such plan.  Subject to the 
relative priorities set forth above, the Second Lien Adequate Protection Superpriority Claims 
against each Debtor shall be allowed and enforceable against each Debtor and its estate on a joint 
and several basis.   
(iii) 
Priority of Second Lien Adequate Protection Liens and Second Lien 
Adequate Protection Superpriority Claims.  Without affecting, modifying or limiting the scope or 
priority of the Carve-Out, the Second Lien Adequate Protection Liens and the Second Lien 
Adequate Protection Superpriority Claim (as defined below) (A) shall not be subject to sections 
510, 549, 550, or 551 of the Bankruptcy Code or, subject to entry of the Final Order, section 506(c) 
of the Bankruptcy Code or the “equities of the case” exception of section 552 of the Bankruptcy 
Code, (B) shall not be subordinate to, or pari passu with, (x) any Lien that is avoided and preserved 
for the benefit of the Debtors and their estates under section 551 of the Bankruptcy Code or 
Case 25-90309   Document 14   Filed in TXSB on 08/20/25   Page 177 of 225

=== page 178 ===
 
39 
otherwise or (y) any Liens or claims of any Debtor or any direct or indirect subsidiary thereof 
against any Debtor or any of such Debtor’s property, (C) shall be valid, binding, perfected and 
enforceable against any trustee or any other estate representative elected or appointed in the 
Chapter 11 Cases or any Successor Cases, and/or upon the dismissal of any of the Chapter 11 
Cases, and (D) notwithstanding anything to the contrary in any “first day” orders of this Court in 
any of the Chapter 11 Cases, shall be senior to any administrative claims arising under any such 
“first day” orders. 
(iv) 
Second Lien Reporting.  The Debtors shall deliver to the Prepetition 
Second Lien Secured Parties all information, reports, documents and other material that the 
Debtors provide to the DIP Secured Parties pursuant to the DIP Loan Documents.   
(v) 
Consent to Priming and Adequate Protection.  The Prepetition Second 
Lien Trustee, on behalf of the Prepetition Second Lien Secured Parties, consents to the Prepetition 
Second Lien Adequate Protection and the priming provided for herein; provided, however, that 
such consent of the Prepetition Second Lien Trustee to the priming of the Prepetition Second Liens 
and the use of Cash Collateral is expressly conditioned upon the entry of this Interim Order, and 
such consent shall not be deemed to extend to any other Cash Collateral usage or other replacement 
financing or debtor-in-possession financing other than the DIP Facility provided under the DIP 
Loan Documents; and provided, further, that such consent shall be of no force and effect in the 
event this Interim Order is not entered or is entered and subsequently reversed, modified, stayed, 
or amended (unless such reversal, modification, stay, or amendment is acceptable to the Prepetition 
Second Lien Trustee) or the DIP Loan Documents and DIP Facility as set forth herein are not 
approved.  
Case 25-90309   Document 14   Filed in TXSB on 08/20/25   Page 178 of 225

=== page 179 ===
 
40 
5. 
Automatic Postpetition Lien Perfection.  This Interim Order shall be sufficient 
and conclusive evidence of the validity, enforceability, perfection, and priority of the DIP Liens, 
the First Lien Adequate Protection Liens and the Second Lien Adequate Protection Liens without 
the necessity of (a) filing or recording any financing statement, deed of trust, mortgage, or other 
instrument or document that may otherwise be required under the law of any jurisdiction, (b) 
obtaining “control” (as defined in any applicable Uniform Commercial Code or other law) over 
any DIP Collateral (and the DIP Agent and, after Payment in Full of the DIP Facility, the 
Prepetition First Lien Agent and, after Payment in Full of the Prepetition First Lien Credit 
Agreement, the Prepetition Second Lien Trustee shall be deemed, without any further action, to 
have control over all the Debtors’ deposit accounts, securities accounts and commodities accounts 
within the meaning of such Uniform Commercial Code and other law) or (c) taking any other 
action to validate or perfect the DIP Liens, the First Lien Adequate Protection Liens and the Second 
Lien Adequate Protection Liens or to entitle the DIP Liens, the First Lien Adequate Protection 
Liens and the Second Lien Adequate Protection Liens to the priorities granted herein.  
Notwithstanding the foregoing, each of the DIP Agent, the Prepetition First Lien Agent  (in the 
latter case, solely with respect to the First Lien Adequate Protection Liens) and the Prepetition 
Second Lien Trustee  (in the latter case, solely with respect to the Second Lien Adequate Protection 
Liens) may, each in their sole discretion, enter into and file, as applicable, financing statements, 
mortgages, security agreements, notices of Liens, and other similar documents, and is hereby 
granted relief from the automatic stay of section 362 of the Bankruptcy Code in order to do so, and 
all such financing statements, mortgages, security agreements, notices, and other agreements or 
documents shall be deemed to have been entered into, filed or recorded as of the Petition Date.  
The applicable Debtors shall execute and deliver to the DIP Agent, the Prepetition First Lien Agent 
Case 25-90309   Document 14   Filed in TXSB on 08/20/25   Page 179 of 225

=== page 180 ===
 
41 
and/or the Prepetition Second Lien Trustee, as applicable, all such financing statements, 
mortgages, notices, and other documents as such parties may reasonably request to evidence and 
confirm the contemplated validity, perfection and priority of the DIP Liens, the First Lien 
Adequate Protection Liens and the Second Lien Adequate Protection Liens, as applicable, granted 
pursuant hereto.  Without limiting the foregoing, each of the DIP Agent, the Prepetition First Lien 
Agent and the Prepetition Second Lien Trustee may, in its discretion, file a photocopy of this 
Interim Order as a financing statement with any recording officer designated to file financing 
statements or with any registry of deeds or similar office in any jurisdiction in which any Debtor 
has real or personal property, and in such event, the subject filing or recording officer shall be 
authorized to file or record such copy of this Interim Order.  Subject to the entry of the Final Order, 
any provision of any lease, loan document, easement, use agreement, proffer, covenant, license, 
contract, organizational document, or other instrument or agreement that requires the payment of 
any fees or other monetary obligations to any governmental entity or non-governmental entity in 
order for the Debtors to pledge, grant, mortgage, sell, assign, or otherwise transfer any fee or 
leasehold interest or the proceeds thereof or other DIP Collateral is and shall be deemed to be 
inconsistent with the provisions of the Bankruptcy Code, and shall have no force or effect with 
respect to the Liens on such leasehold interests or other applicable DIP Collateral or the proceeds 
of any assignment and/or sale thereof by any Debtor, in favor of the DIP Secured Parties in 
accordance with the terms of the DIP Loan Documents and this Interim Order or in favor of the 
Prepetition First Lien Secured Parties or the Prepetition Second Lien Secured Parties in accordance 
with this Interim Order.  To the extent that the Prepetition First Lien Agent is the secured party 
under any security agreement, mortgage, leasehold mortgage, landlord waiver, financing 
statement, or account control agreements, listed as loss payee or additional insured under any of 
Case 25-90309   Document 14   Filed in TXSB on 08/20/25   Page 180 of 225

=== page 181 ===
 
42 
the Debtors’ insurance policies, or is the secured party under any of the Prepetition First Lien Loan 
Documents, the DIP Agent shall also be deemed to be the secured party under such account control 
agreements, loss payee or additional insured under the Debtors’ insurance policies, and the secured 
party under each such Prepetition First Lien Loan Document, shall have all rights and powers 
attendant to that position (including rights of enforcement), and shall act in that capacity and 
distribute any proceeds recovered or received first, for the benefit of the DIP Secured Parties in 
accordance with the DIP Loan Documents and second, subsequent to Payment in Full of all DIP 
Obligations, for the benefit of the Prepetition First Lien Secured Parties and third, subsequent to 
the Payment in Full of all Prepetition First Lien Obligations, for the benefit of the Prepetition 
Second Lien Secured Parties.  The Prepetition First Lien Agent shall serve as agent for the DIP 
Agent for purposes of perfecting the DIP Agent’s Liens on all DIP Collateral that, without giving 
effect to the Bankruptcy Code and this Interim Order, is of a type such that perfection of a Lien 
therein may be accomplished only by possession or control by a secured party. 
6. 
Reservation of Certain Third Party Rights and Bar of Challenges and Claims.  
The Debtors’ Stipulations shall be binding upon the Debtors in all circumstances upon entry of 
this Interim Order.  The Debtors’ Stipulations shall be binding upon the estates and each other 
party in interest, including the Committee, except to the extent and only to the extent such 
Committee or any other party in interest with standing (including any chapter 11 trustee) other 
than the Debtors (or if the Chapter 11 Cases are converted to cases under chapter 7 prior to the 
expiration of the Challenge Period (as defined below), the chapter 7 trustee in such Successor 
Case), upon the earlier of (x) with respect to any Committee, sixty (60) calendar days after the 
formation of any Committee, and (y) with respect to other parties in interest with requisite standing 
other than the Debtors or any Committee, sixty (60) calendar days following the date of entry of 
Case 25-90309   Document 14   Filed in TXSB on 08/20/25   Page 181 of 225

=== page 182 ===
 
43 
this Interim Order (such time period established by the earlier of clauses (x) and (y), as the same 
may be extended in accordance with this Paragraph 6, shall be referred to as the “Challenge 
Period,” and the date that is the next Business Day after the termination of the Challenge Period 
in the event that either (i) no Challenge (as defined below) is properly raised during the Challenge 
Period or (ii) with respect only to those parties who properly file a Challenge, such Challenge is 
fully and finally adjudicated, shall be referred to as the “Challenge Period Termination Date”), has 
(I) commenced (A) a contested matter or adversary proceeding challenging or otherwise objecting 
to the admissions, stipulations, findings, or releases included in the Debtors’ Stipulations, (B) a 
contested matter or adversary proceeding against any or all of the Prepetition First Lien Secured 
Parties in connection with or related to the Prepetition First Lien Obligations, or the actions or 
inactions of any of the Prepetition First Lien Secured Parties arising out of or related to the 
Prepetition First Lien Obligations or the Prepetition First Lien Loan Documents, including any 
claim against any or all of the Prepetition First Lien Secured Parties in the nature of a “lender 
liability” cause of action, setoff, counterclaim, or defense to the Prepetition First Lien Obligations 
(including those under sections 506, 544, 547, 548, 549, 550, and/or 552 of the Bankruptcy Code 
or by way of suit against any of the Prepetition First Lien Secured Parties), or (C) a contested 
matter or adversary proceeding against any or all of the Prepetition Second Lien Secured Parties 
in connection with or related to the Prepetition Second Lien Obligations, or the actions or inactions 
of any of the Prepetition Second Lien Secured Parties arising out of or related to the Prepetition 
Second Lien Obligations or the Prepetition Second Lien Loan Documents, including any claim 
against any or all of the Prepetition Second Lien Secured Parties in the nature of a “lender liability” 
cause of action, setoff, counterclaim, or defense to the Prepetition Second Lien Obligations 
(including those under sections 506, 544, 547, 548, 549, 550, and/or 552 of the Bankruptcy Code 
Case 25-90309   Document 14   Filed in TXSB on 08/20/25   Page 182 of 225

=== page 183 ===
 
44 
or by way of suit against any of the Prepetition Second Lien Secured Parties) (clauses (i) and (ii) 
collectively, the “Challenges” and, each individually, a “Challenge”), and (II) obtained a final, 
non-appealable order in favor of such party in interest sustaining any such Challenge in any such 
timely-filed contested matter, adversary proceeding, or other action (any such Challenge timely 
brought for which such a final and non-appealable order is so obtained, a “Successful Challenge”).  
If a chapter 7 trustee or a chapter 11 trustee is appointed or elected during the Challenge Period, 
then the Challenge Period Termination Date with respect to such trustee only, shall be the later of 
(i) the last day of the Challenge Period and (ii) the date that is twenty-one (21) days after the date 
on which such trustee is appointed or elected.  Except as otherwise expressly provided herein, from 
and after the Challenge Period Termination Date and for all purposes in these Chapter 11 Cases 
and any Successor Cases (and after the dismissal of these Chapter 11 Cases or any Successor 
Cases), (i) all payments made to or for the benefit of the Prepetition First Lien Secured Parties 
pursuant to, or otherwise authorized by, this Interim Order or otherwise (whether made prior to, 
on, or after the Petition Date) shall be indefeasible and not be subject to counterclaim, set-off, 
subordination, recharacterization, defense, disallowance, recovery or avoidance, (ii) any and all 
such Challenges by any party in interest shall be deemed to be forever released, waived, and barred, 
(iii) all of the Prepetition First Lien Obligations shall be deemed to be fully allowed claims within 
the meaning of section 506 of the Bankruptcy Code, and (iv) the Debtors’ Stipulations, including 
the release provisions therein, shall be binding on all parties in interest in these Chapter 11 Cases 
or any Successor Cases, including any Committee or chapter 11 or chapter 7 trustee.  
Notwithstanding the foregoing, to the extent any Challenge is timely asserted, the Debtors’ 
Stipulations and the other provisions in clauses (i) through (iv) in the immediately preceding 
sentence shall nonetheless remain binding and preclusive on any Committee and on any other party 
Case 25-90309   Document 14   Filed in TXSB on 08/20/25   Page 183 of 225

=== page 184 ===
 
45 
in interest from and after the Challenge Period Termination Date, except to the extent that such 
Debtors’ Stipulations or the other provisions in clauses (i) through (iv) of the immediately 
preceding sentence were expressly challenged in such Challenge and such Challenge becomes a 
Successful Challenge.  The Challenge Period may be extended only with the written consent of 
the Prepetition First Lien Agent, with respect to the Prepetition First Lien Obligations, or by the 
Prepetition Second Lien Trustee, with respect to the Prepetition Second Lien Obligations, in their 
respective sole discretion.  Notwithstanding any provision to the contrary herein, nothing in this 
Interim Order shall be construed to grant standing on any party in interest, including any 
Committee, to bring any Challenge on behalf of the Debtors’ estates.  The failure of any party in 
interest, including any Committee, to obtain an order of this Court prior to the Challenge Period 
Termination Date granting standing to bring any Challenge on behalf of the Debtors’ estates shall 
not be a defense to failing to commence a Challenge prior to the Challenge Period Termination 
Date as required under this Paragraph 6 or to require or permit an extension of the Challenge Period 
Termination Date; provided, however, that if the Committee files a motion for standing to assert 
any Challenge prior to the Challenge Period Termination Date (and provided that the relevant 
pleading asserting such Challenge is attached as an exhibit to such motion), then the Challenge 
Period Termination Date shall be tolled, solely for the Committee and solely with respect to such 
Challenge set forth in the exhibit to such motion, until three (3) Business Days after the Court rules 
on such motion.   
7. 
Carve-Out. 
(i) 
As used in this Interim Order, the term “Carve-Out” means the sum of the 
following: (a) all fees required to be paid to the Clerk of the Court and to the U.S. Trustee under 
28 U.S.C. § 1930(a) plus interest at the statutory rate (without regard to the notice set forth in sub-
Case 25-90309   Document 14   Filed in TXSB on 08/20/25   Page 184 of 225

=== page 185 ===
 
46 
paragraph (ii) below); (b) all reasonable fees, costs, and expenses up to $50,000 incurred by a 
trustee under section 726(b) of the Bankruptcy Code (without regard to the notice set forth in sub-
paragraph (ii) below); (c) to the extent allowed by the Court at any time, whether by interim or 
final compensation order, procedural order, or otherwise, all unpaid fees, costs, and expenses 
(collectively, the “Allowed Professional Fees”) earned, accrued or incurred by persons or firms 
retained by the Debtors pursuant to section 327, 328, or 363 of the Bankruptcy Code (collectively, 
the “Debtor Professionals”) at any time before or on the first Business Day following delivery by 
the DIP Agent of a Carve-Out Trigger Notice (as defined below), whether allowed by the Court 
prior to or after delivery of a Carve-Out Trigger Notice and without regard to whether such 
Allowed Professional Fees are provided for in the Approved Budget or when invoiced; (d) to the 
extent allowed by the Court at any time, whether by interim or final compensation order, 
procedural order, or otherwise, all Allowed Professional Fees earned, accrued or incurred in 
accordance with and subject to the Approved Budget by persons or firms retained by the Creditors 
Committee (if any) pursuant to section 328 or 1103 of the Bankruptcy Code (collectively, the 
“Committee Professionals” and, together with the Debtor Professionals, the “Professional 
Persons”) at any time before or on the first Business Day following delivery by the DIP Agent of 
a Carve-Out Trigger Notice, whether allowed by the Court prior to or after delivery of a Carve-
Out Trigger Notice or when invoiced, and subject to the investigation budget set forth in Paragraph 
16 below (the aggregate amounts set forth in clauses (a) through (d) above, the “Pre-Carve-Out 
Trigger Notice Amount”); and (e) Allowed Professional Fees of Debtor Professionals in an 
aggregate amount not to exceed $2,500,000 and Allowed Professional Fees of Committee 
Professionals in an aggregate amount not to exceed $250,000, in each case earned, accrued or 
incurred after the first Business Day following the date of delivery by the DIP Agent of the Carve-
Case 25-90309   Document 14   Filed in TXSB on 08/20/25   Page 185 of 225

=== page 186 ===
 
47 
Out Trigger Notice in accordance with sub-paragraph (ii) below (such date, the “Trigger Date”), 
to the extent allowed by the Court at any time, whether by interim or final compensation order, 
procedural order, or otherwise (the amounts set forth in this clause (e) being the “Post-Carve-Out 
Trigger Notice Amount” and, together with the Pre-Carve-Out Trigger Notice Amount, the 
“Carve-Out Amount”). 
(ii) 
For purposes of the foregoing, “Carve-Out Trigger Notice” shall mean a written 
notice delivered by email (or other electronic means) by the DIP Agent (at the direction of the 
Required DIP Lenders) to the Borrower, counsel to the Borrower (Latham & Watkins), the U.S. 
Trustee, and counsel to the Committee (if any), which notice (A) shall expressly state that the Post-
Carve-Out Trigger Notice Amount has been invoked and (B) may be delivered only following the 
occurrence and during the continuation of Termination Event (as defined herein), the acceleration 
of the DIP Obligations under the DIP Loan Documents, and the termination of the Debtors’ 
consensual use of Cash Collateral under this Interim Order. 
(iii) 
From and after the Petition Date, the Debtors shall utilize cash on hand, the 
proceeds from the DIP Facility, amounts held in the DIP Account, and/or any other available cash 
thereafter held by any Debtor to fund, on a weekly basis, the Pre-Carve-Out Trigger Notice 
Amount into the Escrow Account (as defined below) in an amount equal to the greatest of (A) the 
aggregate unpaid amount of estimated fees, costs, and expenses of Professional Persons included 
in all weekly estimates timely received by the Debtors in respect of the preceding week, (B) the 
aggregate unpaid amount of actual fees, costs, and expenses of Professional Persons earned, 
accrued or incurred at the applicable time, and (C) the aggregate amount of fees, costs, and 
expenses of Professional Persons provided for in the Approved Budget at the applicable time.  As 
used herein, the term “Escrow Account” means a segregated account of the Borrower not subject 
Case 25-90309   Document 14   Filed in TXSB on 08/20/25   Page 186 of 225

=== page 187 ===
 
48 
to the control of any DIP Secured Party, Prepetition First Lien Secured Party, and/or Prepetition 
Second Lien Secured Party (collectively, the “Funded Debt Secured Parties”). 
(iv) 
Upon delivery of a Carve-Out Trigger Notice in accordance with sub-paragraph (ii) 
above, such Carve-Out Trigger Notice shall constitute a demand to, and approval for, the Debtors 
to utilize all cash on hand as of such date (including in the DIP Account) and any available cash 
thereafter generated by the Debtors to fund the Escrow Account in an amount equal to the Carve-
Out Amount and to hold such amount in trust to pay the obligations benefitting from the Carve-
Out. 
(v) 
Upon delivery of a Carve-Out Trigger Notice in accordance with sub-paragraph (ii) 
above, and prior to the payment to any Funded Debt Secured Party on account of any claim or 
administrative expense held by such person or entity (whether postpetition, super priority, 
adequate protection, prepetition, or otherwise), the Debtors shall deposit into the Escrow Account 
cash available on the Trigger Date (or available thereafter) in an aggregate amount equal to the 
Carve-Out Amount.  The funds in the Escrow Account shall be available only to satisfy the 
obligations benefitting from the Carve-Out in Paragraph 7(i) above, and the Funded Debt Secured 
Parties (A) shall not sweep or foreclose on cash (including cash received as a result of the sale or 
other disposition of assets) of the Debtors unless and until the Escrow Account is funded in full in 
cash as provided above and (B) shall have a valid and perfected security interest upon any residual 
amount in the Escrow Account available following payment in full in cash of all obligations 
benefiting from the Carve-Out, subject to the lien and claim priorities set forth in this Interim 
Order. 
(vi) 
Notwithstanding anything to the contrary in this Interim Order, the DIP Loan 
Documents, the Prepetition First Lien Loan Documents, and/or the Prepetition Second Lien Loan 
Case 25-90309   Document 14   Filed in TXSB on 08/20/25   Page 187 of 225

=== page 188 ===
 
49 
Documents (collectively, including this Interim Order, the “Funded Debt Documents”), all claims 
and administrative expenses arising under, with respect to, or in connection with any Funded Debt 
Document (including the DIP Obligations, the DIP Superpriority Claims, the Prepetition First Lien 
Obligations, the First Lien Adequate Protection Superpriority Claims, the Prepetition Second Lien 
Obligations, and the Second Lien Adequate Protection Superpriority Claims) and all security 
interests and liens securing such claims and administrative expenses (including the DIP Liens, the 
Prepetition First Liens, the First Lien Adequate Protection Liens, the Prepetition Second Liens and 
the Second Lien Adequate Protection Liens) shall, in each case, be subject and subordinate to the 
payment in full in cash of the Carve-Out. 
(vii) 
Notwithstanding anything to the contrary in any Funded Debt Document, (a) the 
failure of the Escrow Account to satisfy in full the Allowed Professional Fees of the Professional 
Persons shall not affect, limit, or otherwise modify the scope or priority of the Carve-Out, (b) in 
no way shall any Approved Budget, the Carve-Out, the Carve-Out Amount, the Escrow Account, 
or any other budget or financial projection delivered in connection with any Funded Debt 
Document be construed as a cap or limitation on the amount of Allowed Professional Fees due and 
payable by the Debtors or that may be allowed by the Court at any time (including on an interim 
basis), and (c) the Debtors’ authority to use proceeds from the DIP Facility, the DIP Collateral, 
and/or Cash Collateral on account of, and to timely pay, the Allowed Professional Fees and the 
other obligations benefitting from the Carve-Out shall in no way be limited or deemed limited by 
any Approved Budget (other than as expressly set forth above as to the Allowed Professional Fees 
for the Committee Professionals). 
(viii) Prior to the occurrence of the Termination Declaration Date (as defined below), the 
Debtors shall be permitted to pay Allowed Professional Fees (including on an interim basis), and 
Case 25-90309   Document 14   Filed in TXSB on 08/20/25   Page 188 of 225

=== page 189 ===
 
50 
such payments shall not reduce or be deemed to reduce the Carve-Out.  Moreover, for the 
avoidance of doubt, any amounts paid prior to the Carve-Out Trigger Notice shall not reduce or be 
deemed to reduce the Post-Carve-Out Trigger Notice Amount. 
(ix) 
The DIP Agent shall be entitled to establish and maintain reserves against 
borrowing availability under the DIP Facility on account of the Carve-Out (including, for 
avoidance of doubt, the DIP Agent’s estimate of future fees and expenses of the Debtor 
Professionals, the Committee Professionals and the Committee members that may be incurred 
before or after the delivery of Carve-Out Trigger Notice) in accordance with the terms of the DIP 
Credit Agreement.   
(x) 
Without affecting, limiting, or otherwise modifying the scope or priority of the 
Carve-Out, neither the DIP Secured Parties nor the Prepetition First Lien Secured Parties shall be 
responsible for the direct payment or reimbursement of any fees or disbursements of any of the 
Debtor Professionals, Committee Professionals or Committee members incurred in connection 
with the Chapter 11 Cases or any Successor Cases under any chapter of the Bankruptcy Code.  
Without affecting, limiting, or otherwise modifying the scope or priority of the Carve-Out, nothing 
in this Interim Order or otherwise shall be construed (i) to obligate any DIP Secured Party or any 
Prepetition First Lien Secured Party in any way to pay compensation to, or to reimburse expenses 
of, any of the Debtor Professionals, the Committee Professionals or Committee members, or to 
guarantee that the Debtors or their estates have sufficient funds to pay such compensation or 
reimbursement or (ii) to increase the Carve-Out if actual allowed fees and expenses of any of the 
Debtor Professionals, Committee Professionals or Committee members are higher in fact than the 
Carve-Out Amount.  Notwithstanding any provision in this Paragraph 7 to the contrary, no portion 
of the Carve-Out, Cash Collateral, Prepetition First Lien Collateral, DIP Collateral or proceeds of 
Case 25-90309   Document 14   Filed in TXSB on 08/20/25   Page 189 of 225

=== page 190 ===
 
51 
the DIP Facility shall be utilized for the payment of professional fees and disbursements to the 
extent restricted under Paragraph 16 hereof; provided that the foregoing shall not be construed as 
a cap or limitation on the amount of Allowed Professional Fees due and payable by the Debtors or 
that may be allowed by the Court at any time (including on an interim basis).  Nothing herein shall 
be construed as consent to the allowance of any professional fees or expenses of any of the Debtors, 
any Committee, any other official or unofficial committee in these Chapter 11 Cases or any 
Successor Cases, or of any other person or entity, or shall affect the right of any DIP Secured Party 
or any Prepetition First Lien Secured Party to object to the allowance and payment of any such 
fees and expenses. 
8. 
Waiver of 506(c) Claims.  Upon entry of this Interim Order in the case of the DIP 
Secured Parties (and their DIP Liens and their other rights in respect of the DIP Collateral, the 
Prepetition First Lien Collateral and Cash Collateral), and subject to the entry of the Final Order 
solely in the case of the Prepetition First Lien Secured Parties (and their Prepetition First Liens 
and their other rights in respect of the DIP Collateral, the Prepetition First Lien Collateral and Cash 
Collateral) and the Prepetition Second Lien Secured Parties (and their Prepetition Second Liens 
and their other rights in respect of the DIP Collateral, the Prepetition Second Lien Collateral and 
Cash Collateral), and as a further condition of (i) the DIP Facility and any obligation of the DIP 
Secured Parties to make credit extensions pursuant to the DIP Loan Documents (and the consent 
of the DIP Secured Parties, the Prepetition First Lien Secured Parties and the Prepetition Second 
Lien Secured Parties to the payment of the Carve-Out to the extent provided herein) and (ii)  the 
Debtors’ use of Cash Collateral pursuant to this Interim Order and a Final Order, (a) no costs or 
expenses of administration of the Chapter 11 Cases or any Successor Cases shall be charged 
against or recovered from or against any or all of the DIP Secured Parties and/or the Prepetition 
Case 25-90309   Document 14   Filed in TXSB on 08/20/25   Page 190 of 225

=== page 191 ===
 
52 
First Lien Secured Parties, the Prepetition Second Lien Secured Parties, the Prepetition First Lien 
Collateral, the Prepetition Second Lien Collateral, the DIP Collateral and the Cash Collateral, in 
each case pursuant to section 506(c) of the Bankruptcy Code or otherwise, without the prior written 
consent of the DIP Agent, the Prepetition First Lien Agent and the Prepetition Second Lien 
Trustee, and (b) no such consent shall be implied from any other action, inaction, or acquiescence 
of any or all of the DIP Secured Parties, the Prepetition First Lien Secured Parties and the 
Prepetition Second Lien Secured Parties, and (c) the exercise prior to the entry of the Final Order 
of any rights under section 506(c) of the Bankruptcy Code or otherwise to charge any costs or 
expense of administration of the Chapter 11 Cases or any Successor Cases from or against the 
Prepetition First Lien Secured Parties or their Prepetition First Liens or the Prepetition Second 
Lien Secured Parties or their Prepetition Second Liens on or other interests in any or all of the DIP 
Collateral, the Prepetition First Lien Collateral, the Prepetition Second Lien Collateral and the 
Cash Collateral shall not impair and shall be subject to, and junior to, the DIP Liens on and the 
DIP Secured Parties’ other interests in the DIP Collateral, the Prepetition First Lien Collateral, the 
Prepetition Second Lien Collateral and the Cash Collateral and the other DIP Protections accorded 
the DIP Secured Parties. 
9. 
After-Acquired Property.  Subject to and upon entry of the Final Order (but 
retroactive to the Petition Date), pursuant to section 552(a) of the Bankruptcy Code, all property 
acquired by the Debtors on or after the Petition Date is not, and shall not be, subject to any Lien 
of any person or entity resulting from any security agreement entered into by the Debtors prior to 
the Petition Date, except to the extent that such property constitutes proceeds of property of the 
Debtors that is subject to a valid, enforceable, perfected, and unavoidable Lien as of the Petition 
Date (or a valid, enforceable and unavoidable Lien that is perfected subsequent to the Petition Date 
Case 25-90309   Document 14   Filed in TXSB on 08/20/25   Page 191 of 225

=== page 192 ===
 
53 
solely to the extent permitted by section 546(b) of the Bankruptcy Code) that is not subject to 
subordination or avoidance under the Bankruptcy Code or other provisions or principles of 
applicable law. 
10. 
Protection of DIP Secured Parties’ and Prepetition First Lien Secured Parties’ 
Rights. 
 
 
(a) 
Unless the DIP Agent and the Prepetition First Lien Agent shall have 
provided their prior written consent or all DIP Obligations and First Lien Adequate Protection 
Superpriority Claims have been Paid in Full, there shall not be entered in any of these Chapter 11 
Cases or any Successor Cases any order (including any order confirming any plan of 
reorganization or liquidation) that authorizes any of the following: (i) the obtaining of credit or the 
incurring of indebtedness that is secured by a security, mortgage, or collateral interest or other 
Lien on all or any portion of the DIP Collateral or Prepetition First Lien Collateral and/or that is 
entitled to administrative priority status, in each case that is superior to or pari passu with the DIP 
Liens, the DIP Superpriority Claims, the Prepetition First Liens, the First Lien Adequate Protection 
Liens, the First Lien Adequate Protection Superpriority Claims, the Prepetition Second Liens, the 
Second Lien Adequate Protection Liens, the Second Lien Adequate Protection Superpriority 
Claims and/or the other DIP Protections; (ii) the use of Cash Collateral for any purpose other than 
Payment in Full of the DIP Obligations and the First Lien Adequate Protection Superpriority 
Claims or as otherwise permitted in the DIP Loan Documents and/or this Interim Order; provided 
that the foregoing shall not affect, modify or limit the scope or priority of the Carve-Out, (iii) the 
return of goods pursuant to section 546(h) of the Bankruptcy Code (or other return of goods on 
account of any prepetition indebtedness) to any creditor of any Debtor or any creditor’s taking any 
setoff against any of its prepetition indebtedness based upon any such return of goods pursuant to 
Case 25-90309   Document 14   Filed in TXSB on 08/20/25   Page 192 of 225

=== page 193 ===
 
54 
section 553 of the Bankruptcy Code or otherwise, or (iv) any modification of any of  the DIP 
Secured Parties’ or the Prepetition First Lien Secured Parties’ rights under this Interim Order, the 
DIP Loan Documents or the Prepetition First Lien Loan Documents with respect to any DIP 
Obligations. 
 
 
(b)  
The Debtors shall, until all DIP Obligations, Prepetition First Lien 
Obligations and First Lien Adequate Protection Superpriority Claims have been Paid in Full, (i) 
maintain books, records, and accounts to the extent and as required by the DIP Loan Documents, 
(ii) reasonably cooperate with, consult with during normal business hours, and provide to the DIP 
Secured Parties and the Prepetition First Lien Secured Parties all such information and documents 
that any or all of the Debtors are obligated (including upon reasonable written request by any of 
the DIP Secured Parties or the Prepetition First Lien Secured Parties) to provide under the DIP 
Loan Documents, the Prepetition Loan Documents (in the absence of the pendency of these 
Chapter 11 Cases) or the provisions of this Interim Order, (iii) during normal business hours and 
upon reasonable written request, permit consultants, advisors and other representatives (including 
third party representatives) of each of the DIP Agent and the Prepetition First Lien Agent to visit 
and inspect any of the Debtors’ respective properties, to examine and make abstracts or copies 
from any of their respective books and records, to tour the Debtors’ business premises and other 
properties, and to discuss, and provide advice with respect to, their respective affairs, finances, 
properties, business operations, and accounts with their respective officers, employees, 
independent public accountants and other professional advisors (other than legal counsel) as and 
to the extent required by the DIP Loan Documents and/or the Prepetition First Lien Loan 
Documents, (iv) during normal business hours and upon reasonable written request, permit the 
DIP Agent and the Prepetition First Lien Agent and their respective consultants, advisors and other 
Case 25-90309   Document 14   Filed in TXSB on 08/20/25   Page 193 of 225

=== page 194 ===
 
55 
representatives to consult with the Debtors’ management and advisors on matters concerning the 
Debtors’ businesses, financial condition, operations and assets, and (v) during normal business 
hours and upon reasonable written request, permit the DIP Agent and the Prepetition First Lien 
Agent to conduct, at their discretion and at the Debtors’ cost and expense, field audits, collateral 
examinations and inventory appraisals at reasonable times in respect of any or all of the DIP 
Collateral and the Prepetition First Lien Collateral.  Notwithstanding anything to the contrary 
contained herein, the Debtors do not waive any right to attorney-client, work product, or similar 
privilege, and the Debtors shall not be required to provide the DIP Agent, the Prepetition First Lien 
Agent, or their respective counsel and financial advisors with any information subject to attorney-
client privilege or consisting of attorney work product.  For avoidance of doubt, the Prepetition 
First Lien Agent shall have the same access and cooperation rights as the DIP Agent for purposes 
of this subparagraph (b). 
11. 
Proceeds of Subsequent Financing.  Without limiting the provisions and 
protections of Paragraph 10 above, if at any time prior to the Payment in Full of all the DIP 
Obligations and the First Lien Adequate Protection Superpriority Claims (including subsequent to 
the confirmation of any chapter 11 plan or plans with respect to any of the Debtors), the Debtors’ 
estates, any trustee, any examiner with enlarged powers, or any responsible officer subsequently 
appointed shall obtain credit or incur debt pursuant to sections 364(b), 364(c), 364(d), or any other 
provision of the Bankruptcy Code in violation of this Interim Order or the DIP Loan Documents, 
then, after payment or reservation in full in cash of the Carve-Out, all of the cash proceeds derived 
from such credit or debt and all Cash Collateral shall immediately be turned over to the DIP Agent 
for application to the DIP Obligations until Paid in Full and then to the First Lien Adequate 
Protection Superpriority Claims until Paid in Full. 
Case 25-90309   Document 14   Filed in TXSB on 08/20/25   Page 194 of 225

=== page 195 ===
 
56 
12. 
Cash Collection.  From and after the date of the entry of this Interim Order, all 
collections and proceeds of any DIP Collateral or Prepetition First Lien Collateral or services 
provided by any Debtor and all Cash Collateral that shall at any time come into the possession, 
custody, or control of any Debtor, or to which any Debtor is now or shall become entitled at any 
time, shall be promptly deposited in the same lock-box and/or deposit accounts into which the 
collections and proceeds of the Prepetition First Lien Collateral were deposited under the 
Prepetition First Lien Loan Documents (or in such other accounts as are designated by the DIP 
Agent from time to time) (collectively, the “Cash Collection Accounts”), which accounts shall be 
subject to the liens of the DIP Agent and the Prepetition First Lien Agent (and the funds in such 
accounts may be used by the Debtors to the extent provided in this Interim Order and the DIP Loan 
Documents).  Upon the direction of the DIP Agent or, following Payment in Full of the DIP 
Obligations, the Prepetition First Lien Agent, at any time after the occurrence of a Termination 
Event and subject to the provisions of Paragraph 7 and Paragraph 15, all proceeds in the Cash 
Collection Accounts shall be remitted to the DIP Agent for application to the DIP Obligations until 
Payment in Full and then to the Prepetition First Lien Agent for application to the Prepetition First 
Lien Obligations until Payment in Full, and the DIP Agent and the Prepetition First Lien Agent 
shall be entitled to take all action that is necessary or appropriate to effectuate the foregoing.  
Unless otherwise agreed to in writing by the DIP Agent and the Prepetition First Lien Agent, the 
Debtors shall maintain no accounts except those identified in the Interim Order (A) Authorizing 
Debtors to (I) Continue Existing Cash Management System, (II) Maintain Existing Business 
Forms, and (III) Continue Intercompany Transactions; and (B) Granting Related Relief (the 
“Interim Cash Management Order”) and the Final Order (A) Authorizing  Debtors to (I) Continue 
Existing Cash Management System, (II) Maintain Existing Business Forms, and (III) Continue 
Case 25-90309   Document 14   Filed in TXSB on 08/20/25   Page 195 of 225

=== page 196 ===
 
57 
Intercompany Transactions; and (B) Granting Related Relief (the “Final Cash Management 
Order” together with the Interim Cash Management Order, the “Cash Management Orders”).  
Subject to the provisions of Paragraph 7 and Paragraph 15, the Debtors and the financial 
institutions where the Debtors’ Cash Collection Accounts are maintained (including those accounts 
identified in the Cash Management Orders) are authorized and empowered to remit, without offset 
or deduction, funds in such Cash Collection Accounts upon receipt of any direction to that effect 
from the DIP Agent or, following Payment in Full of the DIP Obligations, the Prepetition First 
Lien Agent.   
13. 
Disposition of DIP Collateral; Credit Bid.   
  
(a) Unless the DIP Obligations and the Prepetition First Lien Obligations are Paid in Full 
upon the closing of a sale or other disposition of the DIP Collateral or Prepetition First Lien 
Collateral, the Debtors shall not sell, transfer, lease, encumber, or otherwise dispose of any portion 
of the DIP Collateral or any Prepetition First Lien Collateral (or enter into any binding agreement to 
do so) without the prior written consent of the DIP Agent and the Prepetition First Lien Agent (and 
no such consent shall be implied from any other action, inaction, or acquiescence by any DIP 
Secured Party or Prepetition First Lien Secured Party or any order of this Court), except in the 
ordinary course of business or as otherwise permitted in the DIP Loan Documents and/or the 
Prepetition First Lien Loan Documents, as applicable, and this Interim Order. Except to the extent 
otherwise expressly provided in the DIP Loan Documents and subject to Paragraph 7 of this Interim 
Order, all proceeds from the sale, transfer, lease, encumbrance or other disposition of any DIP 
Collateral outside the ordinary course of business shall be remitted to the DIP Agent for application 
to the DIP Obligations, in each case, in accordance with the terms of this Interim Order and the DIP 
Loan Documents or the Prepetition First Lien Loan Documents, as the case may be.  In addition, the 
Case 25-90309   Document 14   Filed in TXSB on 08/20/25   Page 196 of 225

=== page 197 ===
 
58 
Debtors are authorized and empowered to enter into such blocked account agreements (with cash 
dominion, if the DIP Agent so elects) with the DIP Agent and such financial institutions as the DIP 
Agent may require, and, if it so elects, the DIP Agent shall be entitled to enjoy the benefit of all 
control agreements to which the Prepetition First Lien Agent is a party without the need to enter into 
new blocked account agreements.   
  
(b)  Subject to Paragraph 6 of this Interim Order, the Prepetition First Lien Agent  (or one 
or more of its designees, affiliates or assignees) (at the direction of Required Prepetition First Lien 
Lenders) shall have the unqualified right to credit bid up to the full amount of any Prepetition First 
Lien Obligations in any sale of the Prepetition First Lien Collateral (or any DIP Collateral subject to 
any First Lien Adequate Protection Liens) under or pursuant to (i) section 363 of the Bankruptcy 
Code, (ii) any plan of reorganization or plan of liquidation under section 1129 of the Bankruptcy 
Code to the extent any sale contemplated thereunder does not result in payment in full of all of the 
DIP Obligations on the effective date of such plan, or (iii) section 725 of the Bankruptcy Code.  
Subject to Paragraph 6 of this Interim Order, the Debtors, on behalf of themselves and their estates, 
stipulate and agree that any sale of all or part of the Prepetition First Lien Collateral (or any DIP 
Collateral subject to any First Lien Adequate Protection Liens) that does not include an unqualified 
right to credit bid up to the full amount of the Prepetition First Lien Obligations would mean that 
the Prepetition First Lien Agent and the other Prepetition First Lien Secured Parties will not receive 
the indubitable equivalent of their claims and interests.  The DIP Agent (or one or more of its 
designees, affiliates or assignees) shall have the unqualified right to credit bid any or all of the DIP 
Obligations under or pursuant to (i) section 363 of the Bankruptcy Code, (ii) any plan of 
reorganization or plan of liquidation under section 1129 of the Bankruptcy Code, or (iii) section 725 
of the Bankruptcy Code.  If the DIP Agent or the Prepetition First Lien Agent or their respective 
Case 25-90309   Document 14   Filed in TXSB on 08/20/25   Page 197 of 225

=== page 198 ===
 
59 
designees, affiliates or assignees make a credit bid in connection with any auction or other sale 
process relating to the sale or other disposition of any DIP Collateral or Prepetition First Lien 
Collateral, then for purposes of such auction or sale process or any applicable order of this Court, 
the DIP Agent and/or Prepetition First Lien Agent shall be automatically deemed to be a qualified 
bidder and its bid shall be automatically deemed to constitute a qualified bid, regardless of whether 
the qualified bidder or qualified bid requirements are satisfied. 
14. 
Termination Events.  The following shall constitute a termination event under this 
Interim Order and the DIP Loan Documents unless waived in writing by each of the DIP Agent 
and the Prepetition First Lien Agent (each, a “Termination Event”): 
(a) 
The occurrence and continuation of an “Event of Default” under the DIP 
Credit Agreement, as set forth therein (a “DIP Default Termination Event”), including, for 
avoidance of doubt, (x) the failure to obtain entry of the Final Order, in form and substance 
acceptable to the DIP Agent and the Prepetition First Lien Agent, on or before 11:59 p.m. 
prevailing Eastern Time on the date that is 45 days from the Petition Date and (y) the Debtors’ 
failure to timely and strictly comply with any of the obligations and deadlines set forth on 
Exhibit B hereto thereto (the “Chapter 11 Milestones”).   
(b) 
Any material breach by the Debtors of their obligations under the 
Restructuring Support Agreement (subject to any applicable cure periods), and any termination of 
the Restructuring Support Agreement by the Debtors or the Prepetition First Lien Lenders. 
(c) 
Any other material breach, default or other violation by any of the Debtors 
of the terms and provisions of this Interim Order (subject to any applicable cure periods).   
15. 
Rights and Remedies Upon Termination Event.   
Case 25-90309   Document 14   Filed in TXSB on 08/20/25   Page 198 of 225

=== page 199 ===
 
60 
(a)  
Upon the occurrence and during the continuation of a Termination Event, 
following delivery by the DIP Agent (at the direction of the Required DIP Lenders) of written 
notice (a “Remedies Notice”), of not less than five (5) Business Days’, to the Debtors and Debtors’ 
counsel, the United States Trustee, and counsel to the Committee (if any) (the “Remedies Notice 
Period”), unless prior to such time the Court orders otherwise, the DIP Agent is hereby granted 
relief from the automatic stay, without further notice, hearing, motion, order or other action of any 
kind, to the extent necessary to permit the DIP Secured Parties to exercise (i) immediately upon 
the occurrence and during the continuance of any Termination Event, all rights and remedies under 
this Interim Order, the DIP Loan Documents and/or applicable non-bankruptcy law (other than 
those rights and remedies against the DIP Collateral as provided in subparagraph 15(b) below), 
including the right to (1) declare all DIP Obligations to be immediately due and payable, (2) 
declare the termination, reduction or restriction of any further commitment to extend credit to the 
Debtors, to the extent any such commitment remains, and/or (3) terminate the DIP Facility and 
any other DIP Loan Documents as to any future liability or obligation of the DIP Agent and the 
other DIP Secured Parties, but without affecting any of the DIP Obligations or the DIP Liens 
securing the DIP Obligations; and/or (ii) declare a termination, reduction or restriction on the 
ability of the Debtors to use any Cash Collateral (any such declaration under any of clauses 
15(a)(i)(1), (2) or (3) or (ii) shall be made to the respective lead counsel to the Debtors, the 
Committee and the U.S. Trustee, and shall be referred to herein as a “Termination Declaration” 
and the date that is the earliest to occur of any such Termination Declaration being herein referred 
to as the “Termination Declaration Date”).    
(b)  
In addition to the rights and remedies described above, on the later of: (i) the 
expiration of the Remedies Notice Period, including as such period may be tolled as provided 
Case 25-90309   Document 14   Filed in TXSB on 08/20/25   Page 199 of 225

=== page 200 ===
 
61 
herein, and (ii) five (5) Business Days following the Termination Declaration Date, unless prior to 
such time this Court determines that a Termination Event has not occurred and/or is not continuing, 
the DIP Agent is hereby granted relief from the automatic stay, without further notice, hearing, 
motion, order or other action of any kind, to foreclose on, or otherwise enforce and realize on, its 
DIP Liens on all or any portion of the DIP Collateral, including by collecting accounts receivable 
and applying the proceeds thereof to the DIP Obligations, subject to the payment or reservation in 
full in cash of the Carve-Out as set forth in Paragraph 7.    Prior to the expiration of the Remedies 
Notice Period, the Debtors and/or any Committee shall be entitled to request an emergency hearing 
with the Court.  If a request for such hearing is made prior to the end of the Remedies Notice 
Period, then the Remedies Notice Period shall be continued until the Court hears and rules with 
respect thereto.  During such Remedies Notice Period, (i) the Debtors may use Cash Collateral or 
any amounts previously or thereafter advanced under the DIP Credit Facility (a) to fund operations 
in accordance with the DIP Facility and the Approved Budget and (b) the Carve-Out; and (ii) the 
Debtors and the DIP Lenders consent to a hearing on an expedited basis to consider whether a 
Termination Event has occurred, and if a hearing to consider the foregoing is requested to be heard 
before the end of the Remedies Notice Period but is scheduled for a later date by the Bankruptcy 
Court, the Remedies Notice Period shall be automatically extended to the date of such hearing.  
Unless the Bankruptcy Court orders otherwise, upon the expiration of the Remedies Notice Period 
(subject to extension in the event an Emergency Motion is filed), the automatic stay shall 
automatically be deemed terminated, without further notice, hearing or order of the Bankruptcy 
Court, and the DIP Agent (acting at the instruction of the Required DIP Lenders under the DIP 
Loan Documents) shall be permitted to exercise all remedies set forth in the DIP Orders and in the 
DIP Loan Documents or applicable law, and the Debtors’ right to use any Cash Collateral shall 
Case 25-90309   Document 14   Filed in TXSB on 08/20/25   Page 200 of 225

=== page 201 ===
 
62 
immediately cease, subject to the payment or reservation in full in cash of the Carve-Out as set 
forth in Paragraph 7. 
 
 
(c) 
Subject to Paragraph 6, upon the effectiveness of any relief from the 
automatic stay with respect to the DIP Facility pursuant to Paragraph 15(b) hereof, the Prepetition 
First Lien Agent shall have relief from the automatic stay to the same extent as the DIP Agent, and 
without further notice, hearing, motion, order or other action of any kind, to foreclose on, or 
otherwise enforce and realize on its Prepetition First Liens and the First Lien Adequate Protection 
Liens on, all or any portion of the DIP Collateral or Prepetition First Lien Collateral (including by 
collecting accounts receivable and applying the proceeds thereof to the Prepetition First Lien 
Obligations) or otherwise exercise remedies against the DIP Collateral or Prepetition First Lien 
Collateral permitted by this Interim Order, the Prepetition First Lien Loan Documents and/or 
applicable non-bankruptcy law; provided however, that any such foreclosure or other enforcement 
by the Prepetition First Lien Agent of any Prepetition First Liens or the First Lien Adequate 
Protection Liens or any other such exercise of remedies by the Prepetition First Lien Agent against 
the DIP Collateral or Prepetition First Lien Collateral shall not interfere with or otherwise be 
inconsistent with any foreclosure or other enforcement by the DIP Agent of any DIP Liens or other 
DIP Protections or any other exercise of remedies by the DIP Agent, and any proceeds received 
by the Prepetition First Lien Agent in connection with such foreclosure, enforcement or other 
exercise of remedies shall, subject to the payment or reservation in full in cash of the Carve-Out 
as set forth in Paragraph 7, be turned over to the DIP Agent for application to the DIP Obligations 
until Paid in Full. 
 
 
(d) 
Subject to the provisions of Paragraph 6 hereof, all proceeds realized in 
connection with the exercise of the rights and remedies of the DIP Secured Parties or the 
Case 25-90309   Document 14   Filed in TXSB on 08/20/25   Page 201 of 225

=== page 202 ===
 
63 
Prepetition First Lien Secured Parties shall be turned over first to the Debtors to fund the Carve-
Out in full in cash, then to the DIP Agent for application to the DIP Obligations under, and in 
accordance with the provisions of, the DIP Loan Documents and this Interim Order until Payment 
in Full of all of the DIP Obligations and then to the Prepetition First Lien Agent for application to 
the Prepetition First Lien Obligations under, and in accordance with the provisions of, the 
Prepetition First Lien Loan Documents and this Interim Order until Payment in Full of the 
Prepetition First Lien Obligations.   
 
 
(e) 
Subject to entry of the Final Order, and notwithstanding anything contained 
herein to the contrary, and without limiting any other rights or remedies of the DIP Agent or the 
other DIP Secured Parties contained in this Interim Order or the DIP Loan Documents, or 
otherwise available at law or in equity, and subject to the terms of the DIP Loan Documents, upon 
five (5) Business Days’ written notice to the Debtors and any landlord, lienholder, licensor, or 
other third party owner of any leased or licensed premises or intellectual property that a 
Termination Event has occurred and is continuing, the DIP Agent (i) may, unless otherwise 
provided in any separate agreement by and between the applicable landlord or licensor and the 
DIP Agent (the terms of which shall be reasonably acceptable to the parties thereto), enter upon 
any leased or licensed premises of the Debtors for the purpose of exercising any remedy with 
respect to any DIP Collateral located thereon and (ii) shall be entitled to all of the Debtors’ rights 
and privileges as lessee or licensee under the applicable license and to use any and all trademarks, 
trade names, copyrights, licenses, patents, or any other similar assets of the Debtors that are owned 
by or subject to a Lien of any third party and that are used by Debtors in their businesses, in the 
case of either subparagraph (i) or (ii) of this Paragraph 15(e) without interference from lienholders 
or licensors thereunder, subject to such lienholders’ or licensors’ rights under applicable law; 
Case 25-90309   Document 14   Filed in TXSB on 08/20/25   Page 202 of 225

=== page 203 ===
 
64 
provided, however, that the DIP Agent, on behalf of the DIP Secured Parties, shall pay only rent 
and additional rent, fees, royalties, or other monetary obligations of the Debtors that first arise after 
the written notice referenced above from the DIP Agent and that accrue during the period of such 
occupancy or use by such DIP Agent calculated on a per diem basis.  Nothing herein shall require 
the Debtors, the DIP Agent, or the other DIP Secured Parties to assume any lease, license or other 
contract under Bankruptcy Code section 365(a) as a precondition to the rights afforded to the DIP 
Agent and the other DIP Secured Parties in this Paragraph 15(e). 
 
 
(f) 
Subject to the entry of the Final Order and Payment in Full of the DIP 
Obligations, notwithstanding anything contained herein to the contrary, and without limiting any 
other rights or remedies of the Prepetition First Lien Agent or the other Prepetition First Lien 
Secured Parties contained in this Interim Order or the Prepetition First Lien Loan Documents, or 
otherwise available at law or in equity, the Prepetition First Lien Agent shall succeed to, and be 
entitled to, all of the rights, remedies, benefits and protections accorded to the DIP Agent pursuant 
to Paragraph 15(e), as if all references therein to the “DIP Agent” and the “ DIP Parties” are 
references to the “Prepetition First Lien Agent” and the “Prepetition First Lien Secured Parties.”   
 
 
(g) 
The automatic stay imposed under section 362(a) of the Bankruptcy Code 
is hereby modified pursuant to the terms of this Interim Order and the DIP Loan Documents as 
necessary to (i) permit the Debtors to grant the First Lien Adequate Protection Liens, the Second 
Lien Adequate Protection Liens and the DIP Liens and to incur all liabilities and obligations to the 
DIP Secured Parties and the Prepetition First Lien Secured Parties under the DIP Loan Documents, 
the DIP Facility, and this Interim Order, (ii) subject to Paragraph 7, authorize the DIP Secured 
Parties and the Prepetition First Lien Secured Parties to retain and apply payments made in 
accordance with the DIP Loan Documents, the Prepetition First Lien Loan Documents and/or this 
Case 25-90309   Document 14   Filed in TXSB on 08/20/25   Page 203 of 225

=== page 204 ===
 
65 
Interim Order, (iii) to permit each of the DIP Agent, the other DIP Secured Parties, the Prepetition 
First Lien Agent and the other Prepetition First Lien Secured Parties to perform any act authorized 
under this Interim Order and the DIP Loan Documents, and (iv) otherwise to the extent necessary 
to implement and effectuate the provisions of this Interim Order and the DIP Loan Documents. 
16. 
Restriction on Use of Proceeds.  Notwithstanding anything herein to the contrary, 
but subject to the last sentence of this Paragraph 16, no loans and/or proceeds from the DIP Facility 
(including the DIP Account), DIP Collateral, Cash Collateral (including any retainer held by any 
professionals for the below-referenced parties), Prepetition First Lien Collateral, Prepetition 
Second Lien Collateral or any portion of the Carve-Out may be used by (a) any Debtor, Committee 
or trustee or other estate representative appointed in the Chapter 11 Cases or any Successor Cases, 
or any other person, party, or entity  (including any of the Debtors’ Professionals, the Committee’s 
Professionals or the Committee members) to investigate (except as set forth below) or prosecute 
any Challenge (including any litigation or other action) against the DIP Secured Parties, the 
Prepetition First Lien Secured Parties or the Prepetition Second Lien Secured Parties (or to pay 
any professional fees and disbursements incurred in connection therewith) at any time; or (b) any 
Debtor, any Committee, or any trustee or other estate representative appointed in the Chapter 11 
Cases or any Successor Cases, or any other person, party, or entity (including any of the Debtors’ 
Professionals, the Committee’s Professionals or the Committee members) to (or to pay any 
professional fees and disbursements incurred in connection therewith): (i) request authorization to 
obtain postpetition loans or other financial accommodations pursuant to section 364(c) or (d) of 
the Bankruptcy Code, or otherwise, other than from the DIP Secured Parties, or to seek any 
modification to this Interim Order not approved by the DIP Agent and, to the extent such 
modification would affect the rights of any of the Prepetition First Lien Secured Parties, the 
Case 25-90309   Document 14   Filed in TXSB on 08/20/25   Page 204 of 225

=== page 205 ===
 
66 
Prepetition First Lien Agent and, to the extent such modification would affect the rights of any of 
the Prepetition Second Lien Secured Parties, the Prepetition Second Lien Trustee; (ii) investigate 
(except as set forth below), assert, join, commence, support, or prosecute any action for any claim, 
counter-claim, action, proceeding, application, motion, objection, defense, or other contested 
matter seeking any order, judgment, determination, or similar relief against, any or all of the DIP 
Secured Parties, the Prepetition First Lien Secured Parties, the Prepetition Second Lien Secured 
Parties, their respective affiliates, assigns or successors and the respective officers, directors, 
employees, agents, attorneys, representatives and other advisors of the foregoing, with respect to 
any transaction, occurrence, omission, action, or other matter (including formal or informal 
discovery proceedings in anticipation thereof), including (A) any Challenges and any Avoidance 
Actions or other actions arising under chapter 5 of the Bankruptcy Code; (B) any action with 
respect to the validity, enforceability, priority, and extent of the DIP Obligations, the Prepetition 
First Lien Obligations, and/or the Prepetition Second Lien Obligations or the validity, extent, and 
priority of the DIP Liens, the Prepetition First Liens, the Prepetition Second Liens, the First Lien 
Adequate Protection Liens or the Second Lien Adequate Protection Liens; (C) any action seeking 
to invalidate, set aside, avoid, or subordinate, in whole or in part, the DIP Liens, the other DIP 
Protections, the Prepetition First Liens, the First Lien Adequate Protection Liens, the other 
Prepetition First Lien Adequate Protection, the Prepetition Second Liens, the Second Lien 
Adequate Protection Liens, or the other Prepetition Second Lien Adequate Protection; (D) any 
action preventing, hindering, or otherwise delaying any or all of the DIP Secured Parties’, and, 
after the Payment in Full of the DIP Obligations, the Prepetition First Lien Secured Parties’ and/or 
the Prepetition Second Lien Secured Parties’, assertion, enforcement, or realization on the Cash 
Collateral, the DIP Collateral, the Prepetition First Lien Collateral or the Prepetition Second Lien 
Case 25-90309   Document 14   Filed in TXSB on 08/20/25   Page 205 of 225

=== page 206 ===
 
67 
Collateral in accordance with the DIP Loan Documents, the Prepetition First Lien Loan 
Documents or the Prepetition Second Lien Loan Documents, as applicable, or this Interim Order); 
and/or (E) any action seeking to modify any of the rights, remedies, priorities, privileges, 
protections, and benefits granted to any or all of the DIP Secured Parties, the Prepetition First Lien 
Secured Parties and the Prepetition Second Lien Secured Parties hereunder or under the DIP Loan 
Documents, the Prepetition First Lien Loan Documents or the Prepetition Second Lien Loan 
Documents, as applicable, or any payments made thereunder or in respect thereof; provided, 
however, up to $50,000 in the aggregate of the Carve-Out, any DIP Collateral, any Prepetition 
First Lien Collateral, any Prepetition Second Lien Collateral, any Cash Collateral and proceeds of 
the DIP Facility may be used by the Committee (to the extent such Committee is appointed) to 
investigate (but not to prosecute) the claims and/or Liens of the Prepetition First Lien Agent and 
the other Prepetition First Lien Secured Parties under the Prepetition First Lien Loan Documents 
and/or the Liens of the Prepetition Second Lien Trustee and the other Prepetition Second Lien 
Secured Parties under the Prepetition Second Lien Loan Documents (but in any case not the claims 
and/or Liens of the DIP Agent and the other DIP Secured Parties) so long as such investigation 
occurs within the Challenge Period; or (iii) use or seek to use Cash Collateral or sell or otherwise 
dispose of DIP Collateral or Prepetition First Lien Collateral, unless otherwise permitted hereby, 
without the prior written consent of the DIP Agent and the Prepetition First Lien Agent.  For the 
avoidance of doubt, the foregoing limitations shall not (i) prevent or otherwise limit the Debtors 
and their professionals from being heard on whether a Termination Event has occurred and is 
continuing, (ii) be construed as a cap or limitation on the amount of Allowed Professional Fees 
due and payable by the Debtors or that may be allowed by the Court at any time (including on an 
interim basis), or (iii) prohibit the Debtors’ use of the DIP Collateral, Prepetition First Lien 
Case 25-90309   Document 14   Filed in TXSB on 08/20/25   Page 206 of 225

=== page 207 ===
 
68 
Collateral, DIP Loans, Cash Collateral, proceeds of any of the foregoing, any portion of the Carve-
Out or any other funds to respond to investigations by the Committee. 
17. 
Proofs of Claim.  The Prepetition First Lien Secured Parties, and the Prepetition 
Second Lien Secured Parties will not be required to file proofs of claim in any of the Chapter 11 
Cases or Successor Cases for any claim allowed herein.  The Debtors’ Stipulations shall be deemed 
to constitute a timely filed proof of claim for the Prepetition First Lien Secured Parties and the 
Prepetition Second Lien Secured Parties in respect of all Prepetition First Lien Obligations and 
Prepetition Second Lien Obligations, respectively.  In addition, the Prepetition First Lien Secured 
Parties, the Prepetition Second Lien Secured Parties, and the DIP Secured Parties will not be 
required to file any request for allowance and/or payment of any administrative expenses, and this 
Interim Order shall be deemed to constitute a timely filed request for allowance and/or payment 
of any Prepetition First Lien Obligations or Prepetition Second Lien Obligations constituting 
administrative expenses or any DIP Obligations, as applicable.  Notwithstanding any order entered 
by this Court in relation to the establishment of a bar date in any of the Chapter 11 Cases or 
Successor Cases to the contrary, each of the Prepetition First Lien Agent, for the benefit of itself 
and the other Prepetition First Lien Secured Parties, the Prepetition Second Lien Trustee, for the 
benefit of itself and the other Prepetition Second Lien Secured Parties, and the DIP Agent, for the 
benefit of itself and the other DIP Secured Parties, is hereby authorized and entitled, in its sole 
discretion, but not required, to file (and amend and/or supplement, in its discretion) in each of the 
Chapter 11 Cases or Successor Cases (i) in the case of Prepetition First Lien Agent, a proof of 
claim and/or aggregate proofs of claim in respect of any Prepetition First Lien Obligations, (ii) in 
the case of the Prepetition Second Lien Trustee, a proof of claim and/or aggregate proofs of claim 
in respect of any Prepetition Second Lien Obligations, and (ii) in the case of each of the Prepetition 
Case 25-90309   Document 14   Filed in TXSB on 08/20/25   Page 207 of 225

=== page 208 ===
 
69 
First Lien Agent, Prepetition Second Lien Trustee, and the DIP Agent, a request or aggregate 
requests for allowance and/or payment of any portion of the Prepetition First Lien Obligations 
constituting administrative expenses or any DIP Obligations, as applicable.    
18. 
Preservation of Rights Granted Under the Interim Order.   
 
 
(a) 
No Non-Consensual Modification or Extension of Interim Order.  The 
Debtors shall not seek any amendment, modification, or extension of this Interim Order (including 
through any chapter 11 plan of reorganization) without the prior written consent of the DIP Agent 
and the Prepetition First Lien Agent, and no such consent shall be implied by any other action, 
inaction, or acquiescence of the DIP Secured Parties or any of the Prepetition First Lien Secured 
Parties.  In the event any or all of the provisions of this Interim Order are hereafter modified, 
amended, or vacated by a subsequent order of this Court or any other court, such modification, 
amendment, or vacatur shall not affect the validity, perfection, priority, allowability, 
enforceability, or non-avoidability of any advances, payments, or use of cash authorized or made 
hereby or pursuant to the DIP Loan Documents, or Lien, claim, priority or other DIP Protections 
authorized or created hereby or pursuant to the DIP Loan Documents, in each case incurred or 
arising prior to the actual receipt of written notice by the DIP Agent or the Prepetition First Lien 
Agent, as applicable, and in either case counsel thereto, of the effective date of such reversal, 
modification, vacatur, or stay.  Based on the findings set forth in this Interim Order and in 
accordance with section 364(e) of the Bankruptcy Code, which is applicable to the DIP Facility, 
in the event any or all of the provisions of this Interim Order are hereafter reversed, modified, 
vacated, or stayed by a subsequent order of this Court or any other court, the DIP Secured Parties 
and the Prepetition First Lien Secured Parties shall be entitled to the protections provided in section 
364(e) of the Bankruptcy Code, and notwithstanding any such reversal, modification, vacatur, or 
Case 25-90309   Document 14   Filed in TXSB on 08/20/25   Page 208 of 225

=== page 209 ===
 
70 
stay, any use of Cash Collateral or any DIP Obligations or any DIP Protections (including the 
Prepetition First Lien Adequate Protection) incurred or granted by the Debtors prior to the actual 
receipt of written notice by the DIP Agent or the Prepetition First Lien Agent, as applicable, of the 
effective date of such reversal, modification, vacatur, or stay shall remain in full force and effect 
and be binding on all parties in interest and be governed in all respects by the original provisions 
of this Interim Order (and shall maintain their respective priorities as provided by this Interim 
Order), and the DIP Secured Parties and the Prepetition First Lien Secured Parties shall be entitled 
to all of the DIP Protections (including the Prepetition First Lien Adequate Protection) and all 
other rights, remedies, Liens, priorities, privileges, protections, and benefits granted pursuant to 
section 364(e) of the Bankruptcy Code, this Interim Order, or the DIP Loan Documents.   
 
 
(b) 
Dismissal.  If any order dismissing any of the Chapter 11 Cases under 
section 1112 of the Bankruptcy Code or otherwise is at any time entered, then notwithstanding any 
such dismissal, (i) the DIP Protections (including the Prepetition First Lien Adequate Protection) 
and all other rights, remedies, Liens, priorities, privileges, protections, and benefits granted to any 
or all of the DIP Secured Parties and the Prepetition First Lien Secured Parties, respectively, shall 
remain in full force and effect and be binding on all parties in interest and be governed in all 
respects by the provisions of this Interim Order (and shall maintain their respective priorities as 
provided by this Interim Order) until all DIP Obligations and all Prepetition First Lien Obligations 
have been Paid in Full, and such order of dismissal shall so provide (in accordance with sections 
105 and 349 of the Bankruptcy Code), and (ii) this Court shall retain jurisdiction, notwithstanding 
such dismissal, for the purposes of enforcing such DIP Protections (including the Prepetition First 
Lien Adequate Protection) and all other rights, remedies, Liens, priorities, privileges, protections, 
Case 25-90309   Document 14   Filed in TXSB on 08/20/25   Page 209 of 225

=== page 210 ===
 
71 
and benefits granted to any or all of the DIP Secured Parties and the Prepetition First Lien Secured 
Parties, respectively.   
 
 
(d) 
Survival of Interim Order.  The provisions of this Interim Order and the DIP 
Loan Documents, any actions taken pursuant hereto or thereto, and all of the DIP Protections 
(including the Prepetition First Lien Adequate Protection), and all other rights, remedies, Liens, 
priorities, privileges, protections, and benefits granted to any or all of the DIP Secured Parties and 
the Prepetition First Lien Secured Parties, respectively, pursuant to this Interim Order and the DIP 
Loan Documents shall survive, and shall not be modified, impaired, or discharged by, the entry of 
any order confirming any plan of reorganization in any Chapter 11 Case or Successor Case, 
converting any Chapter 11 Case to a case under chapter 7, dismissing any of the Chapter 11 Cases, 
withdrawing of the reference of any of the Chapter 11 Cases or any Successor Cases or providing 
for abstention from handling or retaining of jurisdiction of any of the Chapter 11 Cases or any 
Successor Case in this Court, or terminating the joint administration of these Chapter 11 Cases or 
any Successor Case or by any other act or omission.  The terms and provisions of this Interim 
Order, including all of the DIP Protections (including the Prepetition First Lien Adequate 
Protection) and all other rights, remedies, Liens, priorities, privileges, protections, and benefits 
granted to any or all of the DIP Secured Parties and the Prepetition First Lien Secured Parties, 
respectively, pursuant to this Interim Order and the DIP Loan Documents shall continue in full 
force and effect and be binding on all parties in interest notwithstanding the entry of any such 
order, and such DIP Protections (including the Prepetition First Lien Adequate Protection), and 
such other rights, remedies, Liens priorities, privileges, protections and benefits pursuant to this 
Interim Order and the DIP Loan Documents, shall continue in full force and effect in these 
proceedings and in any Successor Cases and after dismissal of any thereof, and shall maintain their 
Case 25-90309   Document 14   Filed in TXSB on 08/20/25   Page 210 of 225

=== page 211 ===
 
72 
respective priorities as provided by this Interim Order.  Without the express written consent of the 
DIP Lenders, the DIP Obligations shall not be discharged by the entry of an order confirming any 
such chapter 11 plan, the Debtors having waived such discharge pursuant to section 1141(d)(4) of 
the Bankruptcy Code.   
19. 
Insurance Policies.  Upon entry of this Interim Order, the DIP Agent, the other 
DIP Secured Parties, the Prepetition First Lien Agent (with respect to the Prepetition First Lien 
Adequate Protection) and the other Prepetition First Lien Secured Parties (with respect to the 
Prepetition First Lien Adequate Protection) shall be, and shall be deemed to be, without any further 
action or notice, named as additional insureds and loss payees, as applicable, on each insurance 
policy maintained by the Debtors that in any way relates to the DIP Collateral, and the Debtors 
shall take such actions as are reasonably requested by the DIP Agent or the Prepetition First Lien 
Agent from time to time to evidence or effectuate the foregoing.   
20. 
Other Rights and Obligations. 
 
 
(a) 
Expenses.  To the extent provided in the DIP Loan Documents (and without 
limiting the Debtors’ respective obligations thereunder), the applicable Debtors shall pay all 
reasonable expenses incurred by the DIP Agent (including the reasonable fees and disbursements 
of all counsel for the DIP Agent and any internal or third-party appraisers, consultants, advisors 
and auditors engaged by or for the benefit of the DIP Agent and/or its counsel) in connection with 
the preparation, execution, delivery, and administration of the DIP Loan Documents, this Interim 
Order, the Final Order, and any other agreements, instruments, pleadings, or other documents 
prepared or reviewed in connection with any of the foregoing, whether or not any or all of the 
transactions contemplated hereby or by the DIP Loan Documents are consummated.   
Case 25-90309   Document 14   Filed in TXSB on 08/20/25   Page 211 of 225

=== page 212 ===
 
73 
 
 
(b) 
Notice of Professional Fees.  Professionals for the DIP Agent and the 
Prepetition First Lien Agent (including professionals engaged by counsel to the DIP Agent or 
Prepetition First Lien Agent, as applicable) (collectively, the “Lender Professionals”) shall not be 
required to comply with the United States Trustee fee guidelines or submit invoices to this Court, 
United States Trustee, any Committee or any other party in interest.  Copies of summary invoices 
submitted to the Debtors by such Lender Professionals shall be forwarded by the Debtors to the 
United States Trustee, counsel for any Committee, and such other parties as this Court may direct.  
If no objection to payment of the requested fees and expenses is made in writing (email being 
sufficient) by any of the Debtors, any Committee, or the United States Trustee within ten calendar 
days after delivery of such invoices, such invoices shall be promptly paid by the Debtors and, in 
any event, no later than three Business Days after expiration of such ten day period.  The summary 
invoices shall be sufficiently detailed to enable a determination as to the reasonableness of such 
fees and expenses; provided, however, that such summary invoices may be redacted to the extent 
necessary to delete any information subject to the attorney-client privilege, any information 
constituting attorney work product, or any other confidential information, and the provision of 
such summary invoices shall not constitute any waiver of the attorney-client privilege or of any 
benefits of the attorney work product doctrine or other applicable privilege.  If the Debtors, United 
States Trustee or any Committee object to the reasonableness of the fees and expenses of any of 
the Lender Professionals and cannot resolve such objection within ten days of receipt of such 
invoices, then the Debtors, United States Trustee, or the Committee, as the case may be, shall file 
with this Court and serve on such Lender Professionals an objection (the “Fee Objection”) limited 
to the issue of the reasonableness of such fees and expenses, and any failure by any such party to 
file a Fee Objection within such ten day period shall constitute a waiver of any right of such party 
Case 25-90309   Document 14   Filed in TXSB on 08/20/25   Page 212 of 225

=== page 213 ===
 
74 
to object to the applicable invoice.  Notwithstanding any provision herein to the contrary, any 
objection to, and any hearing on an objection to, payment of any fees, costs, and expenses set forth 
in a professional fee invoice in respect of Lender Professionals shall be limited to the 
reasonableness of the particular items or categories of the fees, costs, and expenses that are the 
subject of such objection.  The Debtors shall timely pay in accordance with the terms and 
conditions of this Interim Order (a) the undisputed fees, costs, and expenses reflected on any 
invoice to which a Fee Objection has been timely filed and (b) all fees, costs and expenses on any 
invoice to which no Fee Objection has been timely filed.  All such unpaid fees, costs, expenses, 
and charges of the DIP Agent that have not been disallowed by this Court on the basis of an 
objection filed by the Debtor, the United States Trustee or the Committee (or any subsequent 
trustee of the Debtors’ estates) in accordance with the terms hereof shall constitute DIP Obligations 
and shall be secured by the DIP Collateral as specified in this Interim Order.  Any and all fees, 
commissions, costs, and expenses paid prior to the Petition Date by any Debtor to the DIP Agent 
or the other DIP Secured Parties in connection with or with respect to the DIP Facility, the DIP 
Credit Agreement, or the other DIP Loan Documents are hereby approved in full and non-
refundable and shall not otherwise be subject to any Challenge.       
 
 
(c) 
Binding Effect.  Subject only to Paragraph 6 above, the provisions of this 
Interim Order, including all findings herein, and the DIP Loan Documents shall be binding upon 
all parties in interest in these Chapter 11 Cases and any Successor Cases, including the DIP 
Secured Parties, the Prepetition First Lien Secured Parties, any Committee, and the Debtors and 
their respective estates, successors and assigns (including any chapter 7 or chapter 11 trustee 
hereinafter appointed or elected for the estate of any of the Debtors, an examiner appointed 
pursuant to section 1104 of the Bankruptcy Code, or any other fiduciary or responsible person 
Case 25-90309   Document 14   Filed in TXSB on 08/20/25   Page 213 of 225

=== page 214 ===
 
75 
appointed as a legal representative of any of the Debtors or with respect to the property of the 
estate of any of the Debtors), whether in any of the Chapter 11 Cases, in any Successor Cases, or 
upon dismissal of any such Case or Successor Case; provided, however, that except to the extent 
expressly provided in Paragraph 6, the DIP Secured Parties and the Prepetition First Lien Secured 
Parties shall have no obligation to permit the use of Cash Collateral or to extend any financing to 
any chapter 7 or chapter 11 trustee or other responsible person appointed for the estates of the 
Debtors in any Chapter 11 Case or Successor Case.     
 
 
(d) 
No Waiver.  The failure of the Prepetition First Lien Secured Parties or the 
DIP Secured Parties to seek relief or otherwise exercise their rights and remedies under this Interim 
Order, the Prepetition First Lien Loan Documents, the DIP Loan Documents or otherwise (or any 
delay in seeking or exercising same) shall not constitute a waiver of any of such parties’ rights 
hereunder, thereunder, or otherwise.  Nothing contained in this Interim Order (including the 
authorization of the use of any Cash Collateral) shall impair or modify any rights, claims, or 
defenses available in law or equity to any Prepetition First Lien Secured Party or any DIP Secured 
Party, including rights of a party to a swap agreement, securities contract, commodity contract, 
forward contract, or repurchase agreement with a Debtor to assert rights of setoff or other rights 
with respect thereto as permitted by law (or the right of the Debtors to contest or object to such 
assertion).  Except as provided by this Interim Order, the entry of this Interim Order is without 
prejudice to, and does not constitute a waiver of, expressly or implicitly, or otherwise impair, any 
right or ability of the Prepetition First Lien Secured Parties or the DIP Secured Parties under the 
Bankruptcy Code or under non-bankruptcy law to (i) request conversion of the Chapter 11 Cases 
or any Successor Cases to cases under chapter 7, dismissal of the Chapter 11 Cases or any 
Successor Cases, or the appointment of a trustee or examiner in the Chapter 11 Cases or any 
Case 25-90309   Document 14   Filed in TXSB on 08/20/25   Page 214 of 225

=== page 215 ===
 
76 
Successor Cases, or to oppose the use of Cash Collateral in any Successor Case, (ii) propose, 
subject to the provisions of section 1121 of the Bankruptcy Code, any chapter 11 plan or plans 
with respect to any of the Debtors or seek early termination of the Debtors’ exclusive rights to 
propose a plan under the Bankruptcy Code, or (iii) exercise any of the rights, claims, or privileges 
(whether legal, equitable, or otherwise) of the DIP Secured Parties or the Prepetition First Lien 
Secured Parties, respectively, under the DIP Loan Documents or the Prepetition First Lien Loan 
Documents, the Bankruptcy Code or otherwise, in each case with the rights of the Debtors to 
contest or object thereto reserved.  Except to the extent otherwise expressly provided in this Interim 
Order or by law, neither the commencement of the Chapter 11 Cases nor the entry of this Interim 
Order shall limit or otherwise modify the rights and remedies of the Prepetition First Lien Secured 
Parties under the Prepetition First Lien Loan Documents or with respect to any non-Debtor entities 
or their respective assets, whether such rights and remedies arise under the Prepetition First Lien 
Loan Documents, applicable law, or equity. 
 
 
(e) 
No Third Party Rights.  Except as explicitly provided for herein or in any 
DIP Loan Document, this Interim Order does not create any rights for the benefit of any third 
party, creditor, equity holder, or direct, indirect, or incidental beneficiary.  In determining to make 
any loan (whether under the DIP Credit Agreement or otherwise) or to permit the use of Cash 
Collateral or in exercising any rights or remedies as and when permitted pursuant to this Interim 
Order or the DIP Loan Documents, the DIP Secured Parties and the Prepetition First Lien Secured 
Parties shall not (i) be deemed to be in control of the operations of the Debtors or to be acting as a 
“responsible person” or “owner or operator” with respect to the operation or management of the 
Debtors (as such terms, or any similar terms, are used in the United States Comprehensive 
Environmental Response, Compensation and Liability Act, as amended, or any similar federal, 
Case 25-90309   Document 14   Filed in TXSB on 08/20/25   Page 215 of 225

=== page 216 ===
 
77 
state or local statute or regulation) or (ii) owe any fiduciary duty to the Debtors, their respective 
creditors, shareholders, or estates. 
 
 
(f) 
No Marshaling.  Subject to entry of the Final Order, neither the DIP Secured 
Parties nor the Prepetition First Lien Secured Parties shall be subject to the equitable doctrine of 
“marshaling” or any other similar doctrine with respect to any of the DIP Collateral or the 
Prepetition First Lien Collateral, as applicable. 
 
 
(g) 
Amendments.  The Debtors are authorized and empowered, without further 
notice and hearing or approval of this Court, to amend, modify, supplement, or waive any provision 
of the DIP Loan Documents in accordance with the provisions thereof, in each case unless such 
amendment, modification, supplement, or waiver is material.  No waiver, modification, or 
amendment of any of the provisions of the DIP Loan Documents shall be effective unless set forth 
in writing, signed by or on behalf of the Borrower and the DIP Agent (after having obtained the 
approval of the requisite DIP Secured Parties under the DIP Credit Agreement) and, except as 
provided herein, approved by this Court.  Notwithstanding the foregoing, no waiver, modification 
or amendment of any of the provisions of this Interim Order or the DIP Loan Documents that 
would directly and adversely affect the rights or interests of the Prepetition First Lien Secured 
Parties, as applicable, shall be effective unless also consented to in writing by the Prepetition First 
Lien Agent on behalf of the Prepetition First Lien Secured Parties (after obtaining the approval of 
the requisite Prepetition First Lien Secured Parties under the Prepetition First Lien Credit 
Agreement).    
 
 
(h) 
Inconsistency.  In the event of any inconsistency between the terms and 
conditions of the DIP Loan Documents and of this Interim Order, the provisions of this Interim 
Order shall govern and control.  In the event of any inconsistency between the terms or conditions 
Case 25-90309   Document 14   Filed in TXSB on 08/20/25   Page 216 of 225

=== page 217 ===
 
78 
of this Interim Order and the terms or conditions of any other order entered by this Court in the 
nature of a “first day order”, the provisions of this Interim Order shall govern and control. 
 
 
(i) 
Enforceability.  This Interim Order shall constitute findings of fact and 
conclusions of law pursuant to the Bankruptcy Rule 7052 and shall take effect and be fully 
enforceable nunc pro tunc to the Petition Date immediately upon execution hereof.  
Notwithstanding Bankruptcy Rules 4001(a)(3), 6004(h), 6006(d), 7062 or 9024 or any other 
Bankruptcy Rule, or Rule 62(a) of the Federal Rules of Civil Procedure, this Interim Order shall 
be immediately effective and enforceable upon its entry, and there shall be no stay of execution or 
effectiveness of this Interim Order. 
 
 
(j) 
Reservation of Rights.  Nothing in this Interim Order shall be deemed to 
constitute the consent of the DIP Secured Parties or the Prepetition First Lien Secured Parties, and 
except as expressly provided in the DIP Loan Documents, each of the foregoing expressly reserve 
the right to object, to entry of any Order of the Bankruptcy Court that provides for the sale or other 
disposition of all or substantially all of the assets of the Debtors (or any other sale or other 
disposition of assets of any of the Debtors outside the ordinary course of business) to any party 
unless, in connection and concurrently with any such event, the proceeds of such sale are or will 
be sufficient to satisfy Payment in Full of the DIP Obligations and the Prepetition First Lien 
Obligations on the closing date of such sale.   
 
 
(k) 
Headings.  Paragraph headings used herein are for convenience only and 
are not to affect the construction of, or to be taken into consideration in, interpreting this Interim 
Order. 
Case 25-90309   Document 14   Filed in TXSB on 08/20/25   Page 217 of 225

=== page 218 ===
 
79 
21. 
Necessary Action. The Debtors are authorized to take any and all such actions as 
are necessary, required or appropriate to implement and effectuate the terms of this Interim Order, 
the DIP Loan Documents and the transactions contemplated hereunder and thereunder. 
22. 
Final Hearing 
 
 
(a) 
The Final Hearing to consider entry of the Final Order and final approval of 
the DIP Facility is scheduled for [  ], 2025, at [  ] [a.m./p.m.] (prevailing Central time) at the 
United States Bankruptcy Court for the Southern District of Texas.  The proposed Final Order 
shall be substantially the same as the Interim Order except that (i) those provisions in the Interim 
Order that are subject to the entry of the Final Order shall be included in the Final Order without 
such qualification, and (ii) where appropriate, references to this Interim Order shall be changed to 
references to the Final Order.  If no objections to the relief sought in the Final Hearing are filed 
and served in accordance with this Interim Order, no Final Hearing may be held, and a separate 
Final Order may be presented by the Debtors and entered by this Court. 
 
 
(b) 
Final Hearing Notice.  Within three (3) days of entry of this Interim Order, 
the Debtors shall serve, by United States mail, first-class postage prepaid (such service constituting 
adequate notice of the Final Hearing), (i) notice of the entry of this Interim Order and of the Final 
Hearing (the “Final Hearing Notice”) and (ii) a copy of this Interim Order on the parties having 
been given notice of the Interim Hearing and to any other party that has filed a request for notices 
with this Court and to any Committee after the same has been appointed, or Committee counsel, 
if the same shall have been appointed.  The Final Hearing Notice shall state that any party in 
interest objecting to the entry of the proposed Final Order shall file written objections with the 
Clerk of the Bankruptcy Court no later than [  ], 2025, at 4:00 p.m. (prevailing Central time), 
which objections shall be served so that the same are received on or before such date by:  
Case 25-90309   Document 14   Filed in TXSB on 08/20/25   Page 218 of 225

=== page 219 ===
 
80 
(i) proposed counsel for the Debtors, Latham & Watkins LLP, Attn: Ray C. Schrock, Esq. 
(ray.schrock@lw.com), Keith A. Simon, Esq. (keith.simon@lw.com), George Klidonas 
(george.klidonas@lw.com), and Jonathan J. Weichselbaum (jon.weichselbaum@lw.com); (ii) 
counsel for the Prepetition First Lien Agent, Consenting Creditors, and DIP Lenders, Paul Hastings 
LLP 
(Attn: 
Kris 
Hansen 
(krishansen@paulhastings.com), 
Matt 
Warren 
(mattwarren@paulhastings.com), 
and 
Lindsey 
Henrikson 
(lindsey.henrikson@paulhastings.com)); (iii) the Office of the United States Trustee for the 
Southern District of Texas; and (iv) counsel to the Creditors’ Committee, if any.   
23. 
Retention of Jurisdiction.  This Court has and will retain jurisdiction to enforce 
this Interim Order according to its terms.  
 
Dated:  _________________, 2025     
Houston, Texas 
 
 
 
UNITED STATES BANKRUPTCY JUDGE 
 
Case 25-90309   Document 14   Filed in TXSB on 08/20/25   Page 219 of 225

=== page 220 ===
 
 
SCHEDULE 1 
 
INITIAL APPROVED BUDGET 
 
(see attached)
Case 25-90309   Document 14   Filed in TXSB on 08/20/25   Page 220 of 225

=== page 221 ===
 
 
SCHEDULE 2 
 
LIEN/CLAIM PRIORITIES 
 
Priority 
DIP Collateral  
Priority Claims 
First 
Carve-Out  
Carve-Out 
Second 
Permitted Prior Liens 
DIP Superpriority Claims 
Third 
DIP Liens 
First Lien Adequate 
Protection Superpriority 
Claims (subject to payment 
in full of the DIP 
Obligations) 
Fourth 
First Lien Adequate 
Protection Liens 
Second Lien Adequate 
Protection Superpriority 
Claims (subject to payment 
in full of the DIP 
Obligations and the 
Prepetition First Lien 
Obligations) 
Fifth 
Prepetition First Liens 
- 
Sixth 
Second Lien Adequate 
Protection Liens 
- 
Seventh 
Prepetition Second Liens 
- 
 
 
Case 25-90309   Document 14   Filed in TXSB on 08/20/25   Page 221 of 225

=== page 222 ===
 
 
EXHIBIT A 
 
DIP CREDIT AGREEMENT 
 
(see attached) 
 
 
 
Case 25-90309   Document 14   Filed in TXSB on 08/20/25   Page 222 of 225

=== page 223 ===
 
 
EXHIBIT B 
 
CHAPTER 11 MILESTONES 
 
1. As of 11:59 p.m. prevailing Eastern Time on the date that is 45 days from the Petition Date, 
the Final Order shall have been entered by the Court; 
 
2. As of 11:59 p.m. prevailing Eastern Time on the date that is 45 days from the Petition Date, 
the Court shall have entered an order approving a disclosure statement with respect to 
solicitation of the Plan (as defined in the Restructuring Support Agreement); 
 
3. As of the 11:59 p.m. prevailing Eastern Time on the date that is 90 days from the Petition 
Date, the Court shall have entered a confirmation order providing for confirmation of the 
Plan; and 
 
4. As of the 11:59 p.m. prevailing Eastern Time on the date that is 110 days from the Petition 
Date, the effective date of the Plan shall have occurred. 
Case 25-90309   Document 14   Filed in TXSB on 08/20/25   Page 223 of 225

=== page 224 ===
32 
 
Exhibit B 
Corporate Structure  
 
 
Case 25-90309   Document 14   Filed in TXSB on 08/20/25   Page 224 of 225

=== page 225 ===
ModivCare Inc. 
(Delaware)
higi SH Holdings 
Inc. (Delaware)
Higi Care, LLC 
(Delaware)
Higi Care 
Holdings, LLC
(Delaware
higi SH LLC 
(Delaware)
Circulation, Inc. 
(Delaware)
Health Trans, Inc. 
(Delaware)
All Metro Health 
Care Services, Inc. 
(Delaware)
All Metro 
Associate Payroll 
Services 
Corporation 
(Delaware)
All Metro CGA 
Payroll Services 
Corporation 
(Delaware)
All Metro Home 
Care Services, Inc. 
(Delaware)
All Metro 
Management and 
Payroll Services 
Corporation 
(Delaware)
All Metro Home 
Care Services of 
New York, Inc.
(New York)
ABC Homecare, 
LLC 
(Connecticut)
A & B Homecare 
Solutions, L.L.C. 
(Connecticut)
All Metro Field 
Service Workers 
Payroll Services 
Corporation
(Delaware)
All Metro Aids, 
Inc. 
(New York)
All Metro Home 
Care Services of 
Florida, Inc. 
(Delaware)
All Metro Home 
Care Services of 
New Jersey, Inc.
(Delaware)
All Metro Payroll 
Services 
Corporation 
(New York)
Caregivers On 
Call, Inc. 
(Delaware)
California 
MedTrans 
Network MSO LLC 
(California)
California 
MedTrans 
Network IPA LLC 
(California)
ModivCare 
Solutions, LLC
(Delaware)
National 
Medtrans, LLC 
(New York)
Florida MedTrans 
Network MSO LLC 
(Florida)
Florida MedTrans 
Network LLC 
(Florida)
Provado 
Technologies, LLC
(Florida)
Metropolitan 
Medical 
Transportation 
IPA, LLC 
(New York)
TriMed, LLC 
(Utah)
Ride Plus, LLC 
(Delaware)
Red Top 
Transportation, 
Inc. (Florida)
Arsens Home 
Care, Inc. 
(Pennsylvania)
ARU Hospice, 
Inc. 
(Pennsylvania)
CareGivers 
Alliance, LLC
(Pennsylvania)
CareGivers 
America Home 
Health Services, 
LLC (Pennsylvania)
CareGivers 
America Medical 
Staffing, LLC 
(Pennsylvania)
CareGivers 
America Medical 
Supply, LLC 
(Pennsylvania)
CareGivers 
America Registry, 
LLC 
(Pennsylvania)
CGA Holdco, Inc. 
(Delaware)
Socrates Health 
Holdings, LLC 
(Delaware)
Care Finders Total 
Care LLC 
(Delaware)
At-Home Quality 
Care, LLC 
(Pennsylvania)
Union Home 
Care LLC 
(Pennsylvania)
Secura Home 
Health, LLC
(Delaware)
Philadelphia 
Home Care 
Agency, Inc. 
(Pennsylvania)
Secura Home Health 
Holdings, Inc. 
(Delaware)
OEP AM, Inc.
(Delaware)
AM Intermediate 
Holdco, Inc. 
(Delaware)
AM Holdco, Inc. 
(Delaware)
Caregivers 
America, LLC.
(Pennsylvania)
CGA Staffing 
Services, LLC 
(Pennsylvania)
A.E. Medical 
Alert, Inc.
(Texas)
Helping Hand 
Home Health 
Care Agency Inc 
(Pennsylvania)
Associated Home 
Services, Inc. 
(Texas)
Auditory 
Response 
Systems, Inc. 
(New Hampshire)
Barney’s Medical 
Alert-ERS, Inc.
(Texas)
Victory Health 
Holdings, LLC 
(Delaware)
VRI Intermediate 
Holdings, LLC 
(Delaware)
Guardian Medical 
Monitoring, LLC 
(Michigan)
Healthcom 
Holdings LLC
(Delaware)
Safe Living 
Technologies, LLC
(Delaware)
New England 
Emergency 
Response 
Systems, Inc.
(New Hampshire)
Valued 
Relationships, 
Inc.
(Ohio)
Multicultural 
Home Care Inc. 
(Massachusetts)
Healthcom, Inc. 
(Illinois)
Helping Hand 
Hospice Inc.
(Pennsylvania)
Independence 
Healthcare 
Corporation 
(Massachusetts)
Panhandle 
Support 
Services, Inc. 
(West Virginia)
Personal In- 
Home Services, 
Inc. 
(West Virginia)
MLA Sales, LLC 
(Illinois)
H
H
H
H
N
N
N
N
N
N
N
N
N
N
N
O
O
O
O
O
O
P
P
P
P
P
P
P
P
P
P
P
P
P
P
P
P
P
P
P
P
P
P
P
P
P
P
P
P
P
P
P
P
P
P
P
P
P
P
R
R
R
R
R
R
R
R
R
R
R
R
Key
Entity Type
Funded Indebtedness
Corporation
Limited liability company
Unlimited liability company
Disregarded Entity
Borrower under the 1L Term Loan and 
2L Notes
Guarantor under the 1L Term Loan
 and 2L Notes
Issuer under the Unsecured Notes
Key
P
N
R
O
H
Higi
Non-Emergency Medical Transportation 
(NEMT)
Other/Corporate
Personal Care Services (PCS)
Remote Patient Monitoring 
(RPM)/Tech
Case 25-90309   Document 14   Filed in TXSB on 08/20/25   Page 225 of 225

