=== page 1 ===
Case 25-12177-LSS    Doc 18    Filed 12/15/25    Page 1 of 124

IN THE UNITED STATES BANKRUPTCY COURT

FOR THE DISTRICT OF DELAWARE

In re:
Chapter 11

Apple Tree Life Sciences, Inc., et. al.,1
Case No. 25-12177 (LSS)

Debtors.
(Joint Administration Requested)

DECLARATION OF DR. SETH L. HARRISON 
IN SUPPORT OF CHAPTER 11 PETITIONS AND FIRST DAY MOTIONS

I, Dr. Seth L. Harrison, managing director and director of ATP III GP, Ltd. (the “General

Partner,” or “GP”), managing director of ATP Life Science Ventures, L.P. (the “Partnership” or

the “Fund”), President and Chief Executive Officer (“CEO”) of Apple Tree Life Sciences, Inc.

(“ATLS” and, collectively with the General Partner and the Partnership, the “Corporate Debtors”),

and director of Apertor Pharmaceuticals, Inc. (“Apertor”), Initial Therapeutics, Inc. (“Initial”),

Marlinspike Therapeutics, Inc. (“Marlinspike”), and Red Queen Therapeutics, Inc. (“Red Queen”

and, collectively with Apertor, Initial, and Marlinspike, the “Filing Portfolio Companies” or the

“Filing PortCos” and, collectively with the Corporate Debtors, the “Debtors”) hereby declare (the

“Declaration”) under penalty of perjury:

DECLARANT’S BACKGROUND

1.
As stated above, among other things, I serve as the managing director of the GP, a

position I have maintained since the inception of the Partnership.

1  
The Debtors in these chapter 11 cases, along with the last four digits of each Debtor’s federal tax identification 
number include: Apple Tree Life Sciences, Inc. (4506); ATP Life Science Ventures, L.P. (8224); ATP III GP, Ltd. 
(6091); Apertor Pharmaceuticals, Inc. (3161); Initial Therapeutics, Inc. (2453); Marlinspike Therapeutics, Inc. (4757); 
and Red Queen Therapeutics, Inc. (8563) (collectively, the “Debtors”).  The location of the Debtors’ service address 
in these chapter 11 cases is 230 Park Avenue, Suite 2800, New York, NY 10169.

09949-00010/17616759.15

=== page 2 ===
Case 25-12177-LSS    Doc 18    Filed 12/15/25    Page 2 of 124

2.
 I received a Bachelor of Arts from Princeton University, and a Doctor of Medicine

and a Master of Business Administration from Columbia University.  Prior to pursuing a career in

venture capital, I trained as a surgeon, completing my surgery internship at Columbia Presbyterian

Medical Center.  I now have more than 35 years of experience in venture capital investing,

company formation, and the development of pharmaceutical and medical device companies.

3.
I have spent my career in the biotechnology and life sciences industry.  I have been

involved with the Debtors since the Partnership’s inception in 2012.  In particular, as the managing

director of the General Partner, I am familiar with the Debtors’ day-to-day operations, business

and financial affairs, and books and records.

4.
Under my leadership, the Fund reached a total value of approximately $6.5 billion

(compared to only approximately $2.1 billion invested in the PortCos (as defined below)) in early

2025, and has made distributions to its limited partners of over $2 billion over the course of its life

thus far.  I have successfully guided the Partnership through numerous notable individual

successes, many described more fully below, including:

a.
leading two of its startups, Stoke Therapeutics, Inc. and Akero 
Therapeutics, Inc. to initial public offerings in 2019, nearly quintupling its cumulative $150 
million investment in those startups by 2020.

b.
in 2018, selling its position in Syntimmune, Inc. for $278 million in up-front 
consideration and up to an additional $603 million in potential milestone payments tied to the 
achievement of certain key clinical and regulatory events, compared to an investment of $71 
million.

c.
bringing Braeburn (as defined below), with the Partnership’s $600 million 
investment, to a multibillion dollar valuation after its successful launch of its flagship product to 
treat opioid use disorder in late 2023.

5.
Except as otherwise indicated, all facts in this Declaration are based upon my

personal knowledge, my discussions with the Debtors’ management team and advisors, my review

of relevant documents and information concerning the Debtors’ operations, financial affairs, and

2

=== page 3 ===
Case 25-12177-LSS    Doc 18    Filed 12/15/25    Page 3 of 124

restructuring initiatives, or opinions formed based on my experience and knowledge.  I am over

the age of eighteen and authorized to submit this declaration on behalf of the Debtors.  If called

upon to testify, I could and would testify competently to the facts set forth in this declaration.

INTRODUCTION

6.
The Debtors comprise a biotechnology venture capital enterprise operating and

investing in the United States.  The Partnership is a Cayman Islands exempted limited partnership

that operates as the investment fund.  The General Partner manages the Partnership’s investments

and operations.  ATLS is a Delaware corporation and wholly-owned subsidiary of the Partnership

that handles operational expenses, including facility costs, leases, and employee costs.  Since the

Partnership’s formation in 2012, the Corporate Debtors have invested billions of dollars in life

science companies researching and developing potential promising new treatments for life-

threatening conditions including cancer, blindness, opioid addiction, and obesity, among others

(collectively, the “Portfolio Companies” or “PortCos”).  The four Filing PortCos, incorporated in

Delaware between 2020 and 2021, are part of a group of 15 companies.  Exhibit A attached to this

Declaration shows the corporate structure of the Partnership, Managing Partner, and PortCos. In

addition, the following chart is a brief description of the research, development, or production of

new medicines being conducted by the PortCos:

PortCo 
Description of Research / Work

PortCos in Preclinical Stage

Aethon 
Therapeutics, Inc. 
(“Aethon”)

Aethon researches novel antibody therapies that combine immunotherapy 
with targeted cancer drugs.  Aethon antibodies are designed to enable the 
immune system to detect and eliminate tumor cells.

Apertor 
(Debtor) 
Apertor develops novel molecular glues for cancer therapy.

Deep Apple’s research focuses on finding novel drugs for metabolic, 
inflammatory, and cardiometabolic conditions like obesity.

Deep Apple 
Therapeutics, Inc. 
(“Deep Apple”)

3

=== page 4 ===
Case 25-12177-LSS    Doc 18    Filed 12/15/25    Page 4 of 124

PortCo 
Description of Research / Work

Evercrisp 
Biosciences, Inc. 
(“Evercrisp”)

Evercrisp’s research focuses on finding novel drugs for inflammatory, 
metabolic, and endocrine diseases.  The founder of Evercrisp is the Nobel 
Laureate, Dr. Jennifer Doudna, the inventor of gene-editing.

Initial (Debtor) 
Initial develops small-molecule medicines to treat cancer and other life-
threatening illnesses.

Marlinspike 
(Debtor)

Marlinspike focuses its research on finding key cancer vulnerabilities and 
developing related therapies.

Nereid 
Therapeutics, Inc 
(“Nereid”)

Nereid is a company founded on technology originating from the 
laboratory of a prominent scientist at Princeton University.  That research 
holds the promise of potential treatments for cancers and neurological 
conditions, among others.

Nine Square’s research focuses on discovering and developing novel 
small-molecule therapeutics for severe neurodegenerative diseases and 
other movement disorders.

Nine Square 
Therapeutics 
Corporation 
(“Nine Square”)

Red Queen 
(Debtor)

Red Queen develops antiviral treatments for a broad range of viral 
illnesses, including coronaviruses, influenzas, and RSV.

PortCos in Clinical Stage

Aulos Bioscience, 
Inc. (“Aulos”)

Aulos is conducting Phase 2 clinical trials for novel immunotherapies 
targeting metastatic melanoma, with extraordinary emerging results in 
patients who have failed all prior treatments.

Ascidian 
Therapeutics, Inc. 
(“Ascidian”)

Ascidian has achieved preclinical proof of concept for a first-of-its-kind 
RNA editing treatment for inherited childhood blindness and is currently 
conducting a clinical trial for Stargardt disease that requires funding to 
complete a pediatric cohort.

Marengo 
Therapeutics, Inc. 
(“Marengo”)

Marengo is developing cancer immunotherapies, including a first-in class 
drug that has been granted Fast Track designation by the FDA for the 
treatment of advanced colorectal cancer, among other cancers.

Replicate 
Bioscience, Inc. 
(“Replicate”)

Replicate is developing a novel self-replicating RNA technology for the 
treatment of autoimmune disorders and infectious diseases, including a 
clinical stage rabies vaccine.

PortCos in Commercial Stage

Braeburn Inc. 
(“Braeburn”)

Braeburn markets Brixadi, an FDA-approved extended-release injectable 
treatment for opioid use disorder.

Produces medical devices that treat cancer.

Galvanize 
Therapeutics, Inc. 
(“Galvanize”)

4

=== page 5 ===
Case 25-12177-LSS    Doc 18    Filed 12/15/25    Page 5 of 124

7.
The Partnership has two majority limited partners:  Rigmora Biotech Investor One

LP, and Rigmora Biotech Investor Two LP (together, the “Rigmora LPs”).  The Rigmora LPs are

ultimately owned by the family trust (the “Family Trust”) of billionaire Dr. Dmitry Rybolovlev

(“Dr. Rybolovlev”), who was originally born in Russia and now holds Cypriot citizenship.

8.
In October 2022, following Russia’s February 2022 invasion of Ukraine, as detailed

herein, the Debtors began to experience liquidity issues.  While we learned at the Delaware

Chancery Court trial (discussed below) that this was the direct result of the Rigmora LPs’ own

prior investment strategies,  it manifested itself through the Rigmora LPs’ stated desire to minimize

their ongoing funding obligations to the PortCos and coincided with the difficulties of raising

alternate, external capital due to the Rigmora LPs’ connection to Dr. Rybolovlev.  While Dr.

Rybolovlev has not been sanctioned by the United States, United Kingdom, or European Union

(though he is sanctioned by Ukraine), his prior connections to Russia have made it virtually

impossible for the Debtors and other entities connected with him to conduct ordinary course and

typical financial transactions.  Banks, potential investors, and business partners have often refused

to engage with entities connected to him, including the Debtors, due to Know Your Customer

(“KYC”) regulatory concerns and fears of future sanctions.  As a result, the Debtors face limited

ability to obtain outside financing from other sources.  After learning of Dr. Rybolovlev’s

connection to the Debtors’ business, a number of potential investors and partners have pulled out

of deals that the parties had already substantially negotiated.

9.
In addition, after a significant surge during and following the Covid pandemic,

investment in the biopharmaceutical market began to trend downwards in 2022 due to rising

interest rates and economic uncertainty, and the rate of syndications and other exit opportunities

slowed.  As a result, when Dr. Rybolovlev became less interested in continuing to invest in

5

=== page 6 ===
Case 25-12177-LSS    Doc 18    Filed 12/15/25    Page 6 of 124

biopharmaceutical research like that conducted by the PortCos (due to his own reputational issues

and dwindling liquidity), the Debtors had no access to replacement capital.

10.
As a result of the Rigmora LPs’ desire to limit their investments, and despite efforts

to accommodate the Rigmora LPs’ liquidity concerns through “austerity budgets” and

programmatic cuts, the Rigmora LPs ultimately breached their funding obligations under the

Partnership’s governing agreement (as amended, the “LPA”).  The Rigmora LPs refused to fund

capital calls totaling approximately $106 million that were issued on May 30, 2025 (the “May 30

Capital Calls”) —calls that were made in strict compliance with the parties’ contractual agreements

and previously approved Budgets.2  The Rigmora LPs’ refusal to honor the May 30 Capital Calls

has directly caused a severe liquidity crisis across the Partnership’s portfolio companies.  Because

the Rigmora LPs are the chief funding source for the Partnership, and the Partnership is in turn

often the only source of funding for its Portfolio Companies, the consequences of the Rigmora

LPs’ breach of the LPA have been existential.  To date, the Debtors and their affiliates had to

terminate close to 100 employees, leaving most of the Portfolio Companies with skeletal

workforces barely sufficient to maintain intellectual property and prevent immediate collapse.

Years of research and pre-clinical drug development conducted by the Portfolio Companies have

been severely disrupted, with scientists cut off from funding in the middle of critical experiments

and clinical trials reduced in scope.  The Rigmora LPs’ failure to fund the Marengo capital call

specifically led to scientist layoffs, reduced research programs, and an inability to make

2    As discussed more fully below, the term “Budget” as used herein refers to the budgets provided for pursuant to 
the terms of the LPA.  Subsection 5(a)(ii)(E) of the LPA authorizes the GP to call capital in amounts sufficient to 
“invest in Projects approved by the holders of a majority of the Preferred Units in writing in accordance with a budget 
therefor approved by such holders of Preferred Units.”  The Rigmora LPs (which hold the majority of Preferred Units 
(as defined in the LPA) thus have the right to approve budgets for Projects (defined in the LPA as “investments in 
pharmaceutical, medical device and other medically-related companies, projects and related activities that are made 
directly by the Partnership or indirectly by it through Intermediaries”) before capital can be called.

6

=== page 7 ===
Case 25-12177-LSS    Doc 18    Filed 12/15/25    Page 7 of 124

commitments that could have led to early approval of its breakthrough cancer medication.

Nereid’s operations have been completely suspended.  Due to lack of funding, the Portfolio

Companies are now unable to progress research while competitors gain ground daily.   For

example, Aulos was forced to secure emergency interim financing from its CEO’s family office—

an unprecedented arrangement for a clinical-stage company—yet even this stopgap will be

exhausted by January 2026.  As Joseph Yanchik—a venture partner of the Partnership who serves

on the boards of directors of Braeburn, Marengo, Nereid, and Replicate, and has been the primary

representative in communications with creditors—testified in connection with the Delaware

Chancery Court Action (defined below), the creditors to whom the Portfolio Companies owe

outstanding obligations will not hold off much longer waiting for payment, and may initiate legal

action or force the Portfolio Companies into an involuntary bankruptcy—at which point the

Partnership is “likely to lose the assets” entirely. See ATP III GP, LTD., in its capacity as Gen.

Partner of ATP Life Sci. Ventures, L.P., Plaintiff, v. Rigmora Biotech Investor One LP & Rigmora

Biotech Investor Two LP, Defendants., 2025 WL 3496987, at *18 (Del. Ch. Dec. 5, 2025).  The

Debtors are at the point where funding needs to continue to maintain the Debtors’ core business

and maximize the value of its assets.

11.
In response to the Rigmora LPs’ continued and unremediated breach of their

obligations, the Debtors pursued litigation in Delaware to enforce the parties’ agreement (the

“Delaware Chancery Court Action”).  On December 5, 2025, the Delaware Chancery Court issued

a judgment, a copy of which is attached hereto as Exhibit B, ordering specific performance of all

but one of the May 30 Capital Calls and finding that the Rigmora LPs are contractually obligated

to fund them in an amount of $96,960,925.88.  However, the Rigmora LPs may not comply with

their funding obligations until judicial process has been exhausted and the Debtors have no other

7

=== page 8 ===
Case 25-12177-LSS    Doc 18    Filed 12/15/25    Page 8 of 124

source of operating funds.  Consequently, as mentioned above, the Debtors can no longer sustain

operations without judicial intervention.  Enforcing the Delaware judgment may require additional

litigation, appeals, and ultimately collection efforts—a process that could take months or years.

12.
Compounding the problem, in response to the litigation in Delaware Chancery

Court, the Rigmora LPs commenced a series of retaliatory proceedings in the Cayman Islands (the

“Cayman Proceedings”) seeking to avoid their funding obligations, denigrate the integrity and

competence of the Partnership’s general partner, and wind up the Partnership entirely.  Their

strategy is transparent: rather than meet their contractual obligations, the Rigmora LPs seek to

liquidate the Partnership through the Cayman Proceedings and thereby starve the Portfolio

Companies of funding needed to continue their critical and valuable work.  A Cayman Islands

winding up would be catastrophic for all stakeholders.  It would be a pure liquidation and force

fire sales or immediate liquidation of the interests in the Portfolio Companies at distressed prices,

terminate ongoing clinical trials, and extinguish the value that the Partnership has built since the

inception of the PortCos.  The Rigmora LPs appear willing to accept this destruction rather than

fund their commitments—a scorched-earth approach that harms everyone, including themselves.

13.
Furthermore, on December 12, 2025, the Rigmora LPs petitioned the Bankruptcy

Court for an expedited process to dismiss these Chapter 11 Cases (defined below).  At no time

since the filing of these Chapter 11 Cases did the Rigmora LPs contact me or counsel to engage in

any dialogue with respect the Chapter 11 Cases.  The Rigmora LPs have clear goals: to preserve

their own liquidity and avoid their funding obligations at all costs, including destroying the value

of the PortCos, and eliminating the return to their creditors and the Debtors.

14.
Indeed, this value-destroying strategy has been made clear by the Rigmora LPs’

tactics in the Cayman Proceedings and Delaware Chancery Court Action.  The Debtors filed the

8

=== page 9 ===
Case 25-12177-LSS    Doc 18    Filed 12/15/25    Page 9 of 124

Delaware Chancery Court Action on May 30, 2025, along with a motion to expedite.  On June 2,

the Rigmora LPs filed a retaliatory “Writ” proceeding in the Grand Court of the Cayman Islands

(“Cayman Court”) seeking to abrogate their funding obligations to the Partnership.  After filing

the Cayman Writ, the Rigmora LPs requested a briefing schedule in Delaware allowing them ten

days to submit their papers in opposition to the Debtors’ motion to expedite.  They used that time

to file a new petition in the Cayman court seeking the judicial “winding up” of the Partnership and

liquidation of the PortCos.

15.
From that point onward, the Rigmora LPs have time and again sought to use the

Cayman Proceedings to hamper the Debtors’ enforcement of the LPA in Delaware.  On June 17,

2025, the Debtors issued Default Notices informing the Rigmora LPs that should they fail to

contribute capital in response to the May 30 Capital Calls by June 20, and fail to cure that breach

within 30 days thereafter, they would be in default as defined in the LPA.  Rather than comply

with their funding obligations or litigate the validity of the capital calls in Delaware on an

expedited schedule, on June 20 the Rigmora LPs sought and received an ex parte order from the

Cayman court granting an interim injunction enjoining the Debtors from taking steps to default the

Rigmora LPs under the LPA or call additional capital to fund the PortCos or the Debtors’ own fees

and expenses.  Meanwhile, in Delaware, having granted the Debtors’ motion to expedite, on June

27, 2025, the Delaware Chancery Court denied the Rigmora LPs’ request to stay the Delaware

Chancery Court Action in favor of the Cayman Proceedings, and, after a full trial, the Delaware

Chancery Court found that the Rigmora LPs breached their obligations to meet the capital calls at

issue and further directed specific performance.  The Cayman Court’s interim injunction still

stands.

9

=== page 10 ===
Case 25-12177-LSS    Doc 18    Filed 12/15/25    Page 10 of 124

16.
While the Delaware Chancery Court judgment found that the Rigmora LPs are

required to contribute more than $96 million in response to the May 30 Capital Calls, and can call

up to a total of about $30 million above that sum, those funds are still not readily available to the

Debtors and, even if paid, will be inadequate to fund existing Preferred Stock capital commitments

as well as the ongoing operations of the Debtors, particularly the funding of clinical trials and other

research and development activities of PortCos that have already expended their existing Series A

funding (i.e., the funding provided by the Partnership).  The LPA requires that all Partnership

investment in Portfolio Company projects be approved in advance by the Rigmora LPs pursuant

to Budgets submitted by the Debtors.  With no capital immediately available from the Rigmora

LPs, and unable to syndicate with third party venture capital firms due to issues stemming from

the Rigmora LPs’ association with Russia, the Debtors face funding obligations to the PortCos and

ongoing Partnership expenses far in excess of current or foreseeably available resources.  The

Debtors have retained Quinn Emanuel Urquhart & Sullivan, LLP (“Quinn Emanuel”) as

restructuring counsel (having already retained Quinn Emanuel as its counsel in the Delaware

Chancery Court Action), along with Potter Anderson & Corroon LLP, Perry M. Mandarino as

Chief Restructuring Officer, and B. Riley Restructuring Services, LLC as financial advisor.

17.
Against this background, the Debtors felt compelled to commence these Chapter

11 Cases and seek the protection of the Court.  These Chapter 11 Cases provide the Debtors with

the best opportunity to stabilize their business, and, under the Court’s supervision, allow the

necessary time to agree to a restructuring of the Partnership’s capital structure.  The Debtors now

seek the Bankruptcy Court’s protection to preserve their valuable PortCos, potentially bring in new

investors to replace the defaulting limited partners, and maximize value for all stakeholders,

10

=== page 11 ===
Case 25-12177-LSS    Doc 18    Filed 12/15/25    Page 11 of 124

including the other limited partners, employees and creditors of portfolio companies, and

ultimately, the patients who may benefit from the medical treatments being developed.

BACKGROUND

18.
On December 9 and 15, 2025 (the “Petition Date”), the Debtors filed voluntary

petitions for relief (these “Chapter 11 Cases”) under chapter 11 of title 11 of the United States

Code (the “Bankruptcy Code”) with the United States Bankruptcy Court for the District of

Delaware (the “Court”).

19.
I submit this Declaration to assist the Court and parties in interest in understanding

the circumstances compelling the commencement of these Chapter 11 Cases.  Specifically, to

familiarize the Court with the Debtors, their business, and the circumstances leading up to these

Chapter 11 Cases, I have organized this Declaration into three sections as follows:


Part I provides an overview of the Debtors’ history and operations;


Part II describes the Debtors’ pre-petition corporate and capital structure; and


Part III provides an overview of circumstances leading to these Chapter 11 Cases.

I.
The Debtors’ History and Operations

A.
The Debtors’ Corporate History

20.
The Rigmora LPs have been investing with the Debtors for almost fifteen years. As

described by the Delaware Chancery Court, at its core this case is “the deeply human story of a

fund formed by two doctors-turned-businessmen motivated to develop drug therapies that improve

human health, their many successful years of collaboration, the temporary surge in early stage

biotech investment spurred by a global response to the pandemic, the geopolitical events and

attendant adjustments to risk strategies that strained the parties’ relationship, and the complex legal

framework governing their dispute.”  ATP III GP, LTD., 2025 WL 3496987, at *1.  Unfortunately,

11

=== page 12 ===
Case 25-12177-LSS    Doc 18    Filed 12/15/25    Page 12 of 124

those strains on Dr. Rybolovlev have put the Debtors, and the Portfolio Companies which depend

on them, in peril.

21.
I first met Dr. Rybolovlev in 2010.  The Rigmora LPs are both ultimately owned

by Dr. Rybolovlev’s Family Trust via Rigmora Holdings Ltd (“Rigmora Holdings”).  The Family

Trust is governed by Cypriot law.  The idea that Dr. Rybolovlev and I agreed upon for the

Partnership was to use a venture capital model to create a closely-held pharmaceutical company

while at the same time creating other successful biotechnology and therapeutic companies that

would provide returns along the way.  In progressing toward this goal, we developed many

projects, including both biotech companies and some medical technology companies, many of

which would succeed and go on to be acquired or go public in successful exits.  We further

envisioned that over time the Partnership would choose one or more of the projects or companies

to keep within the Partnership through commercialization, potentially taking new products to

market and generating cashflow through ongoing marketing and sales activities.  However, Dr.

Rybolovlev’s ongoing need for nearer-term cash flow precluded us from achieving that goal.

22.
This represented a paradox:  Dr. Rybolovlev enthusiastically funded the

establishment of more than a twenty Portfolio Companies performing cutting edge research to

create breakthrough medicines that could make a real difference to people suffering with diseases;

yet, on the other hand, he wanted cashflow delivered in timeframes that are completely inconsistent

with the time (and capital) needed to develop biotech companies.  In the end, this internal conflict

became an external conflagration, accelerated by the Ukraine, Dr. Rybolovlev’s own liquidity

issues, and a several year pull-back in the biotech markets.

23.
Our investing relationship began in 2011, when Dr. Rybolovlev and I established

an investment fund to make investments in the life science industry, with $100 million of funding

12

=== page 13 ===
Case 25-12177-LSS    Doc 18    Filed 12/15/25    Page 13 of 124

from Dr. Rybolovlev, via the Family Trust.  Recognizing the promise of what we were investing

in, in October 2012, Dr. Rybolovlev provided a $1.425 billion capital commitment to the

Partnership.  On October 29, 2012, the Partnership was formed as a Cayman Islands exempted

limited partnership through the execution of the LPA, which governs the Partnership’s operations.

The LPA was executed on November 1, 2012, and has been amended 22 times since (but was only

restated after the first amendment).  The LPA establishes the Partnership’s core mission: “to invest

… in pharmaceutical, medical device and other medically related companies and business

projects.”  Also on November 1, 2012, the Rigmora LPs made their initial capital commitment of

$1.425 billion.

24.
I became a limited partner at the outset of the Partnership, and I have invested $54.7

million in the aggregate.  I split my total capital contributions and pro rata carry in the Partnership

between myself, for approximately 45 percent, and Les Pommes (a discretionary trust on behalf of

my daughters) for approximately 55 percent.  My investment was originally by way of a loan.

Repayment was made out of cash payments, offsets to my management fee, and the transfer of

portions of my limited partnership interest in the Partnership.  The loan was subsequently fully

repaid.  Les Pommes and I have also contributed to the Partnership in response to every capital

call issued to us.

25.
In addition to the Rigmora LPs, Les Pommes, and myself, the Partnership has

fourteen additional limited partners (the “Carried Interest LPs”).3  These limited partners were

admitted to the Partnership in exchange for their time, skill, and labor dedicated to converting the

Partnership capital (provided predominantly by the Rigmora LPs) to much greater value.  The

Carried Interest LPs are extremely talented and successful individuals who entered into business

3    The Rigmora LPs dispute this number and maintain that there are 12 Carried Interest LPs.

13

=== page 14 ===
Case 25-12177-LSS    Doc 18    Filed 12/15/25    Page 14 of 124

with the Partnership and devoted their work, time, and intellectual property rights based upon the

LPA.  The employment agreements of these other limited partners stipulate an assignment of any

intellectual property created while employed by the Partnership or its PortCos.

B.
The Debtors’ Operations

26.
The Partnership currently has fifteen Portfolio Companies.  Each company is co-

led by myself and/or at least one of the Partnership’s venture partners, who we recruited from the

top ranks of pharmaceutical and large biotechnology companies.  We rely on our networks to help

found deals, and rely on those same networks (and our own expertise) to develop each company

in a capital-efficient way with the aim of creating unmet medical need therapeutics.

27.
As stated in paragraph 6 above, nine of the Portfolio Companies are in the

preclinical stage (i.e., they engage in research and discovery of new technologies, working to

identify and develop drug candidates for eventual clinical trials); four are in a clinical stage (i.e.,

they are sponsoring human clinical trials of their drug candidates); and two are in commercial stage

(i.e., they are selling their therapies).  We founded all of these companies.  In all of these PortCos,

we remain the largest or only investor.  Because we are “landlocked” in terms of being able to

syndicate owing to the “Russian effect,” all of the non-commercial companies rely on us for

funding.

28.
In the absence of syndication opportunities, several of the Portfolio Companies

have developed strategic relationships with major pharma and biotechnology companies who

contribute non-dilutive capital to fund specific ongoing research and development projects in

return for obtaining the right to market and sell the products of that research should they lead to

the development of marketed products.  That has enabled those Portfolio Company to survive,

even during the Rigmora LPs’ default.  In paragraph 6 of this Declaration above, I summarized the

14

=== page 15 ===
Case 25-12177-LSS    Doc 18    Filed 12/15/25    Page 15 of 124

research and work performed by the PortCos; in the following chart, I summarize their funding

needs and partnership agreements:

PortCo 
Description of PortCos’ Funding Needs and Partnership Agreements

PortCos in Preclinical Stage

Aethon was included in the May 30 Capital Calls for $5 million.

Aethon

The Partnership has a capital commitment of $8 million in favor of 
Aethon, which remains unfunded.

Aethon has a $941 million partnership agreement with Revolution 
Medicines for its oncology programs.

Apertor was included in the May 30 Capital Calls for $7.1 million.

Apertor 
(Debtor)

The Partnership has a capital commitment of $21 million in favor of 
Apertor, which remains unfunded.

Apertor does not have external partnership agreements.

Deep Apple was included in the May 30 Capital Calls for $9 million.

The Partnership has a capital commitment of $9 million in favor of Deep 
Apple, which remains unfunded.

Deep Apple

Deep Apple announced an $812 million collaboration with Novo Nordisk 
in June 2025, providing milestone-based payments contingent on 
development progress.

Evercrisp was included in the May 30 Capital Calls for $7 million.

Evercrisp

The Partnership has a capital commitment of $49 million in favor of 
Evercrisp, which remains unfunded.

Evercrisp has no external partnership agreements and is wholly funded by 
the Partnership.

Initial was included in the May 30 Capital Calls for $7 million.

Initial (Debtor)

The Partnership has a capital commitment of $21.728 million in favor of 
Initial, which remains unfunded.

Initial has no external partnership agreements and is wholly dependent on 
the Partnership funding.

Marlinspike was included in the May 30 Capital Calls for $6.3 million.

The Partnership has a capital commitment of $37.275 million in favor of 
Marlinspike, which remains unfunded.

Marlinspike 
(Debtor)

Initial has no external partnership agreements and is wholly dependent on 
the Partnership funding.

15

=== page 16 ===
Case 25-12177-LSS    Doc 18    Filed 12/15/25    Page 16 of 124

PortCo 
Description of PortCos’ Funding Needs and Partnership Agreements

Nereid

Nereid has successfully developed a breakthrough technology platform 
that has created drug candidates against highly sought after oncology and 
neurodegenerative disease targets.   Several corporate partners continue 
due diligence.  However, Nereid has expended its existing Series A 
funding, has no external partnership agreements, and is wholly funded by 
the Partnership.

Nine Square

Nine Square has created drug candidates against highly sought after 
neurodegenerative disease targets.  Several corporate partners continue 
due diligence.  However, Nine Square expended its existing Series A 
funding, has no external partnership agreements, and is wholly funded by 
the Partnership.

Red Queen was included in the May 30 Capital Calls for $6.4 million.

The Partnership has a capital commitment of approximately $23.602 
million in favor of Red Queen, which remains unfunded.

Red Queen 
(Debtor)

Red Queen has no external partnership agreements and is wholly 
dependent on the Partnership funding.

PortCos in Clinical Stage

Aulos requires approximately $20 million to complete a clinical trial and 
will exhaust current funding in January 2026.

Aulos

However, Aulos expended its Series A funding, has no external 
partnership agreements and is wholly dependent on Partnership funding to 
continue its clinical programs.

The Partnership has a capital commitment of $6 million in favor of 
Ascidian, which remains unfunded.

Ascidian

Ascidian has a $1.8 billion partnership agreement with Roche 
Pharmaceuticals, and is in contract negotiations for an additional 
partnership with a multinational pharmaceutical company.

The Partnership has a capital commitment of $33 million in favor of 
Marengo, which remains unfunded.

Marengo

Marengo has secured $3.6 billion in partnership agreements with Ipsen 
Global and Italian pharmaceutical company Menarini.

The Partnership has a capital commitment of $13 million in favor of 
Replicate, which remains unfunded.

Replicate

Replicate has collaboration agreements with Novo Nordisk, the Gates 
Foundation, and Latin American pharmaceutical company Butantan.

PortCos in Commercial Stage

16

=== page 17 ===
Case 25-12177-LSS    Doc 18    Filed 12/15/25    Page 17 of 124

PortCo 
Description of PortCos’ Funding Needs and Partnership Agreements

Braeburn has a senior loan facility with Hercules Capital and previously 
entered into a Royalty Purchase Agreement with the Partnership 
providing up to $200 million in funding for its commercial launch.

Braeburn

Braeburn is projected to achieve approximately $280 million in revenue in 
2025, with a multibillion discounted cash flow (“DCF”) valuation.

The Partnership has a capital commitment of $102,585 in favor of 
Galvanize, which remains unfunded.

Galvanize

Galvanize, first syndicated pre-Ukraine war, has outside investors in 
addition to the Partnership.  It expects to conclude 2025 with 
approximately $30 million in revenue for its cancer-treating device.

29.
Total capital of approximately $2.1 billion has been invested in the Portfolio

Companies.  In the first quarter of 2025, the Partnership’s total value, including distributed and

held value, was approximately $6.48 billion, and I believe the potential value of the Portfolio

Companies it holds would be exponentially greater if they were properly funded with sufficient

cash and assurances of future funding.  The Partnership has made distributions to the limited

partners of $2.28 billion (made up of cash and marketable securities), of which approximately $2.1

billion has been paid to the Rigmora LPs.  When benchmarked against the top funds in the industry,

as of December 2024 (prior to the Rigmora LPs’ defaults and repudiations of the LPA (discussed

below), the Partnership has been one of the most successful in the field.  The following are a few

examples of the Partnership’s successes:

30.
Stoke and Akero.  Two of the Partnership’s startups, Stoke Therapeutics, Inc. and

Akero Therapeutics, Inc. made initial public offerings in 2019.  The Partnership’s total investments

in those two companies from 2014 to 2019 was $150.7 million.  In 2020, those positions were

distributed to the limited partners at a value of $736.1 million combined—nearly quintuple the

amount invested by the Partnership.  The Rigmora LPs received $624.7 million of that distribution.

17

=== page 18 ===
Case 25-12177-LSS    Doc 18    Filed 12/15/25    Page 18 of 124

31.
Syntimmune.  In 2018, the Partnership sold its position in Syntimmune, Inc. to

Alexion Pharmaceuticals for $278 million in up-front consideration and up to an additional $603

million in potential milestone payments tied to the achievement of certain key clinical and

regulatory events.  This compared to an investment of $71 million.  The Partnership subsequently

brought litigation against Alexion alleging that the acquiror failed to pay one of the milestones

when it became due, and that it breached its obligations to use commercially reasonable efforts to

develop the drug when it canceled the drug’s development program.  The Partnership obtained a

judgment in the amount of $130 million against Alexion for the non-payment of the milestone and

$181 million for its breach of its obligation to use commercially reasonable efforts to pursue the

development of the drug.  Together with pre- and post-judgment interest, those verdicts are

estimated to be worth approximately $350 million, with litigation expenses continuing to be paid

from Partnership cash during the current funding crisis.

32.
Braeburn.  Braeburn, a specialty pharmaceutical company, which we founded in

2012 and still wholly own, launched its flagship product to treat opioid use disorder in late 2023

and exceeded initial sales forecasts.  This early commercial success occurred after many years of

unprecedented regulatory, manufacturing, and legal challenges that the Partnership successfully

managed.  As mentioned above (chart at paragraph 28), Braeburn is valued in the billions of dollars

on a DCF basis.  Approximately $722 million of this value has already been distributed to the

Rigmora LPs in the form of a royalty contract.  The total invested to date is approximately $600

million, which represents a multiple return which is simply massive on this scale of investment,

especially given that cost has already been more than distributed.

C.
The LPA Structure

33.
By design, the Rigmora LPs were to be the chief funding source for the Partnership,

and in turn, the Partnership often serves as the only source of funding for its Portfolio Companies.

18

=== page 19 ===
Case 25-12177-LSS    Doc 18    Filed 12/15/25    Page 19 of 124

This concentration of ownership was intended to give the Partnership the opportunity to create a

pharmaceutical company from one or more of the Portfolio Companies.  We and the Rigmora LPs

believed that to accomplish this it was necessary to have control of the investments via

supermajority ownership.  For this reason, we adopted the strategy of founding companies with

relatively large Series A rounds, and explained to founders that we stood ready to provide the

Series B ourselves if needed, and, if we syndicated, that we would participate heavily to maintain

our supermajority ownership.  But the consequences to companies wholly funded by the

Partnership would be that if the Rigmora LPs breached their obligations to contribute capital, the

companies would not be able to continue to operate.

34.
To ensure funding, the parties negotiated a bespoke LPA provision to ensure that

the Portfolio Companies had adequate funding promised by the Partnership.  Specifically, the LPA

provides the General Partner with the discretion to impose a range of potential consequences if a

limited partner fails to meet a capital call, including the discretion to impose a default charge of

up to 50 percent of the limited partner’s interest for each default (the “Global Default Charge”).

35.
The LPA is also bespoke in that it grants the Rigmora LPs certain powers to approve

in advance the Budgets of the Partnership’s investments, but management and control of the

Partnership rests exclusively with the GP.  When Dr. Rybolovlev and I first established the

Partnership, it was established that the GP must have complete autonomy and control over

investments and company management once a Budget had been approved.  Both key terms were

agreed by Dr. Rybolovlev at the outset, and the LPA reflects the agreement (and continues to

reflect it after 22 amendments).

19

=== page 20 ===
Case 25-12177-LSS    Doc 18    Filed 12/15/25    Page 20 of 124

II.
The Debtors’ Pre-Petition Corporate and Capital Structure.

A.
The Debtors’ Corporate Structure.

36.
As set forth in the corporate structure chart attached as Exhibit A, I currently own

the General Partner and non-debtor Apple Tree Venture Management, LLC (“ATVM”).  The

limited partners (discussed above) own the Partnership, and the Partnership owns ATLS.

37.
The General Partner, the Partnership and ATLS operate together as an integrated

biotechnology venture capital enterprise.  Their relationships are as follows: (i) the Partnership is

the primary investment vehicle as the entity that holds the investments in Portfolio Companies and

through which capital flows from limited partners to investments; (ii) under the LPA, the General

Partner has exclusive authority and control over the Partnership’s management, policies, affairs;

and (iii) ATLS was established to handle Partnership operational expenses, including facility costs,

leases, rents, and employee costs.

38.
ATLS receives a yearly fee, paid in semi-annual installments, from the Partnership

to cover these expenses.  By design, ATLS is fully controlled by the General Partner.  The

Partnership issued a capital call for the second half of ATLS’s 2025 fees on May 30, 2025.  While

the Rigmora LPs have breached their obligation to contribute capital in response to that call, ATLS

has been funded using internal Partnership resources during the second half of 2025.

39.
The principal place of business of the General Partner, the Partnership, and ATLS

is in the United States.  I reside in New York, and we maintain a corporate headquarters for the

Partnership, GP, and ATLS in New York City.

40.
The Filing Portfolio Companies are all Delaware corporations with principal places

of business in California and Massachusetts.

41.
The remaining Portfolio Companies are also Delaware corporations, with principal

places of business in Massachusetts, California, New York, and Pennsylvania.

20

=== page 21 ===
Case 25-12177-LSS    Doc 18    Filed 12/15/25    Page 21 of 124

42.
In addition to the Partnership, the General Partner, ATLS, and the Portfolio

Companies, there is a separate management company—ATVM—which I wholly own, and which

is the “Management Company” as defined in the LPA (ATLS was established later).  ATVM is

paid a management fee and covers certain expenses not allocated to ATLS, including my

compensation.  The only compensation that I receive from ATLS is a de minimis salary sufficient

to enable me to obtain healthcare benefits from ATLS.  The amount of ATVM’s fee was set at $3

million pursuant to the fourteenth amendment to the LPA.  The Rigmora LPs agreed to contribute

capital to pay this fee annually in advance.  ATVM is not a Debtor in these cases.

43.
Other than the fact that the Partnership and the GP are a Cayman Islands exempted

limited partnership and a Cayman Islands company, respectively, the Debtors have no connection

with the Cayman Islands.

B.
Relevant Aspects of the Debtors’ Capital Structure

44.
Except as set forth in the following paragraph, there is no secured debt owed by the

Partnership, the General Partner, or ATLS.  Each of the Portfolio Companies owes secured debt

to the Partnership but otherwise has no funded debt.

45.
In or around the fourth quarter of 2023, non-debtor Braeburn (i.e., one of the

Portfolio Companies) received a secured loan from Hercules Capital Inc. (“Hercules Capital”) for

the total amount of $125 million, only the $75 million first tranche of which was drawn (the

“Hercules Loan”).  The Hercules Loan was obtained to provide working capital for Braeburn and

to help fund the commercial launch of Brixadi (i.e., Braeburn’s flagship drug for treating opioid

use disorder).  The Braeburn Loan is secured by a pledge of all of the Partnership’s equity interests

in Braeburn.

21

=== page 22 ===
Case 25-12177-LSS    Doc 18    Filed 12/15/25    Page 22 of 124

46.
In addition to the unsecured obligations owed by the Partnership, ATP, and ATLS,

the Filing Portfolio Companies collectively owe more than $5.4 million to dozens of creditors,

excluding amounts owed to ATLS.

47.
The Partnership owes more than $221 million in unfunded commitments to certain

of the PortCos.

III.
Circumstances Leading to These Chapter 11 Cases.

A.
Family Trust Funding Constraints

48.
Beginning in October 2022, Dr. Rybolovlev appeared to become concerned with

reducing the funding commitments of the Rigmora LPs.  Previously, there had occasionally been

times during the life of the Partnership, for example in response to the COVID epidemic, when the

GP and Rigmora LPs agreed to more restrictive Budgets, requiring less commitment from the

Rigmora LPs.  However, this new shift was different, as it was not an agreed course between the

GP and the Rigmora LPs, and it contradicted the previously agreed investment plan for the

Partnership.

49.
As further revealed in connection with the Delaware Chancery Court Action, the

focus of Dr. Rybolovlev and the Rigmora LPs on generating cash for themselves and limiting

agreed-upon expenditures for the Portfolio Companies manifested in several ways, including:

(i) manufactured “disagreements” concerning further funding of the Partnership’s existing

Portfolio Companies (i.e., companies the Partnership had already invested in, and which were

nearing the end of their first funding Budgets); (ii) putting considerable pressure on the General

Partner to find alternative sources of funding for Braeburn; and (iii) in late 2023, seeking to assign

certain limited partnership interests in the Partnership to special purpose vehicles, without

providing the assurances sought by the General Partner that those entities would have the means

to meet the Rigmora LPs’ existing capital commitments to the Partnership.

22

=== page 23 ===
Case 25-12177-LSS    Doc 18    Filed 12/15/25    Page 23 of 124

50.
In the spirit of working with its limited partners, the General Partner diligently

pressure-tested Budgets and minimized them to the greatest extent possible, while still seeking to

work with the Rigmora LPs in good faith.  The General Partners also conserved cash and reduced

the expenditure rate by reducing the number of research programs and headcounts of the

Partnership’s Portfolio Companies.

B.
The Ukraine War and Its Impact

51.
 Russia invaded Ukraine in February 2022.  This event fundamentally changed the

Partnership’s operating environment.  The Rigmora LPs’ focus on immediate cash flow and

limiting expenditure became even more acute following the invasion.  Dr. Rybolovlev, the ultimate

beneficial owner of the Rigmora LPs, is a Russian-born billionaire.  Although Dr. Rybolovlev

obtained Cypriot citizenship and is not presently sanctioned by the United States, United Kingdom,

or European Union, he is sanctioned by Ukraine.4

52.
I believe that broad reluctance of financial institutions and businesses to engage

with anyone connected to Russia has had materially adverse consequences for the Rigmora LPs

and, by extension, the Partnership.  This is particularly so because, it appears that,

contemporaneously, the Family Trust behind the Rigmora LPs had been experiencing an ongoing,

self-described, liquidity crisis due to its investment and cash management choices.  The “Russian

effect” then created further liquidity constraints for the Rigmora LPs, as they became unable to

sell assets, conduct routine financial transactions, or access capital markets due to KYC concerns.

53.
 The liquidity crisis forced the Rigmora LPs to adopt an austerity approach to

investments, particularly by withholding cash from Partnership investments.  In 2022, Mr. Yuri

Bogdanov, who was then an analyst working on financial risk management for the Rigmora LPs

4
See, e.g., https://www.opensanctions.org/entities/Q983847/

23

=== page 24 ===
Case 25-12177-LSS    Doc 18    Filed 12/15/25    Page 24 of 124

(or affiliates), prepared a series of internal memoranda.  Mr. Bogdanov (who later became Co-

CEO of Rigmora Holdings), stated in the internal memoranda: “we are in a liquidity crisis,” “the

only way in this situation to start moving towards the cash buffer is to drastically reduce ATP

payments,” and “tight controls shall involve clear rules for review and approval of new projects

(no funding sources - no new projects).”  In short, the Rigmora LPs decided to cut off committed

funding to the Partnership to preserve their own liquidity, regardless of their contractual

obligations or the detrimental impact on the Portfolio Companies.

54.
At the same time, it became clear that it was highly unlikely the Partnership would

be able to find additional sources of funding beyond the Rigmora LPs because investors and

lenders were unwilling to enter into transactions involving Dr. Rybolovlev or entities closely

connected with him given the “Russian effect” and associated risk of being caught up in future

sanctions that may be imposed on him or his affiliates, and the reputational risks of doing business

with him.  Despite the General Partner’s attempts to assuage potential investors’ concerns in

relation to the risks, this did not sufficiently reassure our colleagues in the biotech equity markets.

In fact, since the Ukraine invasion, despite manifold attempts across the portfolio, and our history

of successful syndications and familiarity with various funding groups, not a single portfolio

company syndication was accomplished other than the Series C funding of Galvanize—the Series

B had been completed before the Ukraine invasion.  Dr. Rybolovlev’s ties to Russia have had a

dramatic impact on the Partnership’s ability to access additional capital.  Fortunately, these KYC

issues have not prevented certain Portfolio Companies from out-licensing the rights to the

technology or product candidates of a portfolio company.  These “business development” deals

with pharmaceutical and biotechnology companies have enabled them to survive in the wake of

the Rigmora LPs’ defaults.

24

=== page 25 ===
Case 25-12177-LSS    Doc 18    Filed 12/15/25    Page 25 of 124

55.
The limitations of syndication due to KYC issues was compounded by the

downturn in the broader biotechnology markets.  As described by Dr. Rybolovlev in connection

with the Delaware Chancery Court Action, he perceived that whereas during the surge, the market

presented opportunities for syndication or other exits for startups in the preclinical stage of

research and development, those possibilities dried up as a result of the 2022 market contraction,

causing him to be less interested in continuing to invest in the Partnership’s preclinical assets.  See

ATP III GP, LTD., 2025 WL 3496987, at *9.  Dr. Rybolovlev also testified that he believed that

Portfolio Companies should only keep about six months of working capital on their balance sheets.

Id. at *14, n.210.

56.
Considering all these factors, not to mention the legal overhang from the Delaware

and Cayman trials, it is now impossible to raise capital for the Portfolio Companies absent chapter

11 relief.

C.
The Braeburn Proceedings, LPA Amendment 22, and Budget Delays

57.
After numerous regulatory delays, Braeburn was eventually able to bring a drug,

Brixadi, to market in 2023.  Its commercial launch has been very successful to date, resulting in

substantial valuations when measured by projected DCF (typically, in pharmaceutical companies,

such DCF values are used and considered reasonably reliable when companies pass their 18-month

mark post launch, and their go-to-market strategies have been analyzed and tested; each of these

factors are true of Braeburn).  Braeburn thus holds a great deal of promise, but its valuation has

also created tension with the Rigmora LPs related to their over-arching desire to reduce their

commitment to funding the Partnership while generating cash for themselves.  Specifically, while

the billions of dollars in Braeburn remain in the Fund, it remains vulnerable to the application of

a default charge should the Rigmora LPs default on a commitment to contribute capital in response

to a capital call issued to fund a PortCo or approved Partnership fees and expenses.  The Rigmora

25

=== page 26 ===
Case 25-12177-LSS    Doc 18    Filed 12/15/25    Page 26 of 124

LPs, in need of cash and mindful of their exposure to a default charge, made two separate demands

for distribution of the Partnership’s Braeburn assets.  It withdrew its first request voluntarily in

2023, and when I did not acquiesce to its 2024 demand, on August 2, 2024, the Rigmora LPs filed

litigation with the Cayman Court to compel the distribution (the Braeburn Proceeding”).  This was

eventually resolved via settlement agreement and amendment 22 to the LPA, which were signed

on December 20 and 23, 2024, respectively.  Amendment 22 was intended to outline the parties’

understanding going forward.

58.
As discussed above, Dr. Rybolovlev, through the Rigmora LPs, holds approval

rights over the Partnership’s projects (essentially the Portfolio Companies); we would propose a

project, which he was free to accept or reject, and if approved, we would manage the project.  The

authorization to invest in a project took the form under the LPA of a “Budget,” a formal document

that we exchanged and signed with each project.  Until late 2024, the process by which the Rigmora

LPs exercised their Budget approval rights typically began with informal discussions among the

Rigmora LPs’ Chief Investment Officer (a role held by several individuals over time), Dr.

Rybolovlev, and myself.  For each investment in a Portfolio Company, Dr Rybolovlev and I met—

usually in person—to discuss the opportunity, its prospects for commercial and scientific success,

and funding needs.  Once Dr. Rybolovlev informally approved the investment, the General Partner

would prepare an investment memorandum (the “IM[s]”) and a request for formal Budget

approval.  After formal Budget approval, the Partnership would enter into stock purchase

agreements with the relevant Portfolio Companies.  The IMs explained the potential of the

proposed deals, although no requirement to produce IMs existed in the LPA.  Once a Budget was

formally approved by the Rigmora LPs in writing, the GP had authority to call capital and manage

the investment without further approval.  For example, the Rigmora LPs never saw the

26

=== page 27 ===
Case 25-12177-LSS    Doc 18    Filed 12/15/25    Page 27 of 124

Partnership’s stock purchase agreements with the Portfolio Companies, did not expect to see them,

and never asked to see them.

59.
On December 24, 2024, I sent the Rigmora LPs (addressed to Dr. Rybolovlev) an

email containing certain Budget requests.  The Rigmora LPs responded (via Mr. Bogdanov) with

onerous diligence requests as a delay tactic to avoid approving the new Budgets.  Indeed, as Mr.

Bogdanov testified, when these diligence requests were sent, he was not aware whether it would

be possible to meet them, nor whether or not the Rigmora LPs already had access to this

information.  See ATP III GP, LTD., 2025 WL 3496987, at *13.  Further, the Rigmora LPs have

no employees with the biopharmaceutical experience that would be needed to evaluate this

information.  See ATP III GP, LTD., 2025 WL 3496987, at *4, *25.  The foregoing was a drastic

departure from the decade-plus course of performance between the parties that I described above.

However, as described, following the resolution of the Braeburn Proceeding, and Mr. Bogdanov’s

elevation from analyst to CEO of the Rigmora LPs, the Rigmora LPs began to manufacture delays

to approving new Budgets.  These delay tactics persisted through April 2025.

D.
The Rigmora LPs’ Breach of Their Obligations

60.
In light of the obvious strategy to manufacture delay on approval of new Budgets,

I understood that the only capital the Partnership could expect to receive from the Rigmora LPs

would be capital called within existing approved Budgets.  I therefore adopted a “needs-must”

approach, to work within the Rigmora LPs’ constraints.  On May 5, 2025, pursuant to previously-

approved Budgets, and in order to maintain basic operations, the Partnership made capital calls for

approximately $3.6 million (the “May 5, 2025 Capital Calls”).

61.
Following this, the GP developed a reallocation proposal, which consisted of

suggesting moving some of the approved Budget amounts to clinical companies (the “Reallocation

Proposal”).  After initial discussions regarding the Reallocation Proposal, a follow-up call took

27

=== page 28 ===
Case 25-12177-LSS    Doc 18    Filed 12/15/25    Page 28 of 124

place on May 12, 2025, involving the parties’ attorneys (at the Rigmora LPs’ request) (the “May

12 Call”).  During the May 12 Call, the Rigmora LPs’ attorneys expressed to me that the

Reallocation Proposal was evidence that I had no faith in the early-stage companies, which was

false.

62.
Despite my efforts, the Rigmora LPs have refused to honor their obligations.  On

May 15, 2025, Mr. Bogdanov sent an email (the “May 15 Email”) that marked a point of no return.

In the May 15 Email, Mr. Bogdanov described the early-stage companies as dead-ends, and

contorted the purpose of my Reallocation Proposal, misstating that I held a similar view that the

funding of the early-stage companies would be a waste of the assets of the Partnership.  In the May

15 Email, Mr. Bogdanov further declared that the Partnership should cease funding seven portfolio

companies, claiming, without any asserted basis, that these companies had “no way for a path to

commercial success.”  He conditioned any further funding discussions on the GP’s agreement to

“wind down or liquidate” these companies.  This demand was extraordinary and improper for

several reasons, but most importantly, the Rigmora LPs had already approved Budgets for these

companies and were contractually obligated to fund them.

63.
In response to the May 15 Email, on May 30, 2025 the General Partnership issued

capital calls totaling approximately $101.1 million (after certain revisions made on June 1).  These

calls were made in accordance with previously approved Budgets (and fees owed to ATLS),

calculated to provide approximately six months of operating capital for the portfolio companies,

and well within the Rigmora LPs’ remaining capital commitments under the LPA.

64.
The Rigmora LPs refused to pay any of the May 30 Capital Calls, and they have

now been in breach of their obligations for over six months.  The Rigmora LPs’ conduct has had

devasting effects on the Portfolio Companies, their employees, and ultimately the patients who

28

=== page 29 ===
Case 25-12177-LSS    Doc 18    Filed 12/15/25    Page 29 of 124

stand to benefit from their life-saving research.  As a direct consequence of the funding default,

nearly 100 full-time employees have been terminated across the Portfolio Companies, including

key executives who could no longer sustain the uncertainty surrounding the Partnership’s ability

to fund operations.  In addition, the lack of funding has severely disrupted years of research and

pre-clinical drug development, with outstanding scientists cut off from funding in the middle of

critical experiments and clinical trials reduced in scope, increasing the risk of not achieving

important clinical results.  Moreover, most of the Portfolio Companies have substantially

downsized their operations, maintaining only skeletal workforces both to preserve intellectual

property and know how, and to have critical scientists at the ready to restart value-adding research

projects as soon as funded; the ATLS venture partner team, all veterans of pharmaceutical R&D,

are able to steer the projects wearing their multiple Portfolio Company C-suite hats, which has

been our centralized management model.  However, if we are not able to reinitiate funding, we

risk that the loss of momentum will become irreversible.  We are also acutely aware that

competitors gain ground daily and that our extremely attractive companies, that may have in fact

achieved more than others in their fields, are languishing due to lack of financing while others,

with less substance, have gone on to finance and develop their technologies.  We believe, in good

faith, that the potential remains in a triaged portfolio; our team and our founders are ready to restart

and compete.  But we cannot continue to fight a war of attrition with Dr. Rybolovlev and the

Rigmora LPs.  We must be allowed to get back to the business of conducting research to develop

life-saving treatments and medication.  We seek the approval of this Court to continue the work of

the Portfolio Companies as a viable, value-maximizing alternative to the liquidation that the

Rigmora LPs are attempting to impose via the Cayman Proceedings.

29

=== page 30 ===
Case 25-12177-LSS    Doc 18    Filed 12/15/25    Page 30 of 124

65.
The situation is dire.  In one case, Aulos, a clinical-stage company developing a

novel immunotherapy for cancer, was forced to secure emergency funding from the family office

of its own CEO to prevent the collapse of its phase 2 clinical trials—an arrangement that is to my

knowledge both unprecedented in the biotech industry and unsustainable.  Aulos will exhaust those

funds by January 2026, and we are seeking funding for Aulos, among other companies in the

portfolio, in our first day motions for relief.  Similarly, and by way of giving but two further

examples, Marengo has been forced to lay off scientists and reduce programs that could have led

to early approval of its breakthrough cancer medicine, and Nereid’s operations have been

suspended entirely and work on its cancer treatment development candidates has stopped.

E.
The Delaware Chancery Court Action, the Rigmora LP’s Retaliation, and 
Delaware Chancery Court Ruling

66.
The Partnership filed suit against the Rigmora LPs in the Delaware Chancery Court

on May 30, 2025, seeking specific performance of the duty to contribute capital in response to the

May 30 Capital Calls issued against approved Budgets and the Rigmora LPs’ duty to consider the

approval of new Budgets honestly, rationally, and in good faith.  The relief sought was entirely

designed to benefit the Portfolio Companies.

67.
The Partnership filed the Verified Complaint and Motion to Expedite in the

Delaware Chancery Court on May 30, and on May 31 transmitted copies of those papers to counsel

from Latham & Watkins (“Latham”) who appeared with the Rigmora LPs on the May 12 Call.

The Rigmora LPs immediately engaged in obstructive tactics.  First, the Rigmora LPs refused to

permit Latham to accept service of the Verified Complaint, effectively requiring that the papers be

hand delivered to registered agents in the British Virgin Islands.  Next, rather than litigate on the

30

=== page 31 ===
Case 25-12177-LSS    Doc 18    Filed 12/15/25    Page 31 of 124

merits in Delaware, as they had agreed to do,5 on June 2, 2025, the Rigmora LPs filed a retaliatory

Writ in the Cayman Court effectively mirroring the claims filed in Delaware.

68.
Shortly thereafter, counsel from Debevoise appeared to litigate the motion to

expedite.  In a seemingly, but misleadingly, constructive vein, Debevoise requested the courtesy

of a ten-day period to file their papers in opposition to the Partnership’s motion to expedite the

first-filed Delaware Chancery Court Action.  The Partnership honored that request, wishing to

cooperate reasonably with the Rigmora LPs.  However, the Rigmora LPs abused that courtesy by

using that 10-day period to prepare and file a “winding up” petition in the Cayman Court alleging

that the General Partner’s filing of the Delaware Chancery Court Action was somehow a breach

of its duties to the Rigmora LPs, and seeking a judicial liquidation of the Partnership.

69.
Clearly concerned that the expedited Delaware proceedings could result in a finding

that the Rigmora LPs were in default and subject to the remedies available to the General

Partnership upon their designation as a “Defaulting Partner” (as defined in the LPA), the Rigmora

LPs appeared ex parte in the Cayman Court on June 12, 2025, to seek provisional remedies,

including the entry of an injunction barring the Partnership from (i) taking any additional steps

towards having the Rigmora LPs declared to be Defaulting Partners, and (ii) calling any additional

capital.  After a hearing, the Cayman Court issued an injunctive order on June 20, 2025, which did

not enjoin further proceedings in Delaware.  Even with this injunction in hand, the Rigmora LPs

continued their effort to stymie the Delaware Chancery Court Action, filing an expedited motion

5    The LPA provides that any litigation between the parties can be filed in either Delaware or the Cayman Islands, 
and contains a provision whereby both parties waive their right to contest jurisdiction or convenience in either 
jurisdiction.  Under those circumstances, ATP’s first-in-time filing in Delaware should have established Delaware as 
the sole jurisdiction to hear the claims and defenses of the parties in respect of ATP’s right to call capital and the 
Rigmora LPs’ obligation to consider new Budgets for companies at the end of their current Budget commitments 
honestly, rationally, and in good faith.  The Delaware Chancery Court agreed with this analysis in denying the Rigmora 
LPs’ motion to dismiss or stay the Delaware Chancery Court Action.  See ATP III GP, LTD., 2025 WL 3496987, at 
*16; see also infra, at ¶ 70.

31

=== page 32 ===
Case 25-12177-LSS    Doc 18    Filed 12/15/25    Page 32 of 124

to stay the Delaware litigation in favor of the later-filed, retaliatory cases filed in the Cayman

Court.

70.
On June 13, 2025, the Chancellor granted the Partnership’s motion to expedite the

Delaware litigation (over the Rigmora LPs’ objection).  See ATP III GP, LTD., 2025 WL 3496987,

at *15.  On June 27, 2025, the Chancellor denied the Rigmora LPs’ motion for a stay of the

Delaware Chancery Court Action, holding that “[the Rigmora LPs’] motion relied on convenience

defenses that it waived in the LPA,” and that “ATP’s allegations supported a finding of irreparable

harm to multiple Delaware entities absent expedition.”  Id. at *16.  The Chancellor’s rulings did

not dissuade the Rigmora LPs from pursuing those duplicative proceedings in the Cayman Court.

The Rigmora LPs’ prosecution of duplicative litigation has doubled the cost of litigation, and

created an enormous workload for the GP and its operatives, which, in turn, has resulted in the

Rigmora LPs accusing the GP and the Partnership of wasting Partnership assets on the litigation.

71.
In the course of the Delaware litigation, and in response to discovery-related

disputes between the parties, the Delaware Chancery Court “continued the September trial to

October based on [the Rigmora LPs’] claim that [the Partnership’s] late-produced documents

prejudiced its ability to prepare for trial.”  Id.  However, this too proved to be a deceptive ploy,

and the Rigmora LPs again attempted to shift the litigation into the Cayman Court, this time by

using the continuance to file an emergency motion seeking the appointment of provisional

liquidators to take control of the Partnership.  Id.  In response, the Partnership filed a status quo

motion with the Delaware Court, and, after an initial hearing, at which the Chancellor criticized

Debevoise for misleading her into granting the trial adjournment, the Rigmora LPs withdrew their

emergency motion in the Cayman Court and agreed to apprise the Delaware Court of any change

in position on this matter.

32

=== page 33 ===
Case 25-12177-LSS    Doc 18    Filed 12/15/25    Page 33 of 124

72.
The parties presented evidence in a two-day trial on October 16-17 with post-trial

briefing in November 2025.  On December 5, 2025, Chancellor Kathaleen McCormick issued a

final judgment in the Partnership’s favor.  Key findings include:

a.
“ATP has proven by clear and convincing evidence that Rigmora must meet 
Capital Calls within approved portfolio company budgets.”

b.
“There is no factual basis to question ATP’s good faith.”  This necessarily 
refers the efforts of GP and ATLS to seek to save the Portfolio Companies.

c.
The Rigmora LPs’ arguments that milestones in old investment memoranda 
somehow excused their funding obligations were rejected: “No evidence suggests that anyone 
intended the performance milestones identified in the investment memoranda to serve as 
conditions to [the Rigmora LPs’] obligation to fund budgets that it approved.”

d.
“On balance, the equities favor ATP.  [The Rigmora LPs have] the funds 
available to meet the Capital Calls.  Moreover, the portfolio companies are developing treatments 
for serious medical conditions, including childhood blindness, various cancers, obesity, and 
neurodegenerative diseases.  The public interest strongly favors preserving potentially life-saving 
research programs.”

73.
Despite this clear judicial ruling, the Rigmora LPs have failed to make any

payments to the Debtors, or any payments with respect to the May 30 Capital Calls, as of the date

hereof, which has caused severe damage to the Portfolio Companies, including, as mentioned

above, employee termination, competitive harm, research disruption, and ultimately the

destruction of value and setting back potential advances in human health.  It is such a sad state that

Dr. Rybolovlev, a doctor, who sought to deploy his fortune to improve human health, is now, in

vengeance, seeking to destroy it.  We simply seek this court’s help in preventing him from doing

so.

F.
The Debtors’ Chapter 11 Cases and Next Steps.

74.
In consultation with the Debtors’ advisors retained to navigate the chapter 11

reorganization process, the Debtors will soon submit a plan of reorganization that addresses all of

33

=== page 34 ===
Case 25-12177-LSS    Doc 18    Filed 12/15/25    Page 34 of 124

the factors outlined above.  The plan is still subject to substantial modification, but roughly

envisions the following steps:

a.
Stabilization of PortCos through bridge funding;

b.
Stemming litigation costs; and

c.
Negotiation and confirmation of a plan of reorganization.

75.
More information on the Debtors’ requested relief in these Chapter 11 Cases and

the Debtors’ restructuring efforts is included in the Declaration of Perry M. Mandarino, Chief

Restructuring Officer of the Debtors, in Support of Chapter 11 Petitions and First Day Motions

(the “Mandarino Declaration”), filed contemporaneously herewith.

[Remainder of page intentionally left blank]

34

=== page 35 ===
Case 25-12177-LSS    Doc 18    Filed 12/15/25    Page 35 of 124

Pursuant to 28 U.S.C. § 1746, I declare under penalty of perjury that the foregoing

statements are true and correct to the best of my knowledge, information, and belief.

Executed this 15th day of December, 2025.

_/s/ Dr. Seth L. Harrison_________ 
Dr. Seth L. Harrison 
Managing Director and Director of 
APT 
III 
GP, 
Ltd., 
Managing 
Director of ATP Life Science 
Ventures, L.P., President and Chief 
Executive Officer of Apple Tree Life 
Sciences, Inc., Director of Apertor 
Pharmaceuticals, 
Inc., 
Initial 
Therapeutics, 
Inc., 
Marlinspike 
Therapeutics, Inc., and Red Queen 
Therapeutics, Inc.

35

=== page 36 ===
Case 25-12177-LSS    Doc 18    Filed 12/15/25    Page 36 of 124

EXHIBIT A

Corporate Organizational Structure

=== page 37 ===
Case 25-12177-LSS    Doc 18    Filed 12/15/25    Page 37 of 124

ATP Life Science Ventures, L.P.

Organizational Chart

The Skorpios Trust

100%
100%

Seth L. Harrison
Les Pommes LLC
Rigmora Biotech Investor Two LP
Rigmora Biotech Investor One LP

ATP Life Science Ventures, L.P.

Apple Tree Venture Management, LLC
Dr. Harrison Fee

ATP III GP, Ltd.
Seth L. Harrison
GP                       
No Economic

Interest

100%

100%

Apple Tree Life Sciences, Inc.

ATP Research & Development, Inc.

100%

Apple Tree Life Sciences (UK) Limited

=== page 38 ===
Case 25-12177-LSS    Doc 18    Filed 12/15/25    Page 38 of 124

ATP Life Science Ventures, L.P.
Portfolio Company Ownership

Seth L. Harrison
Les Pommes LLC
Rigmora Biotech Investor Two LP
Rigmora Biotech Investor One LP

ATP Life Science Ventures, L.P.

Pool IV
Pool V-2

Pool V-1

Pool V-3
Pool Braeburn

Corvidia Therapeutics corp.

Initial Therapeutics, Inc.

Aethon Therapeutics, Inc.

Ascidian Therapeutics, Inc.

Braeburn, Inc.

Syntimmune, Inc.

Nine Square Therapeutics Corp.

Apertor Pharmaceuticals, Inc.

Galvanize Therapeutics, Inc

Tendyne Holdings, Inc.

Aulos Bioscience, Inc.

Marengo Therapeutics, Inc.

Tusker Medical, Inc.

Deep Apple Therapeutics, Inc.

Evercrisp Biosciences, Inc.

Marlinspike Therapeutics, Inc.

Nereid Therapeutics, Inc.

Red Queen Therapeutics, Inc.

Replicate Bioscience, Inc.

=== page 39 ===
Case 25-12177-LSS    Doc 18    Filed 12/15/25    Page 39 of 124

ATP Life Science Ventures, L.P.
Portfolio Company Ownership (cont.)

Initial 
Investment 
Invested
Ownership
Date
to Date
%
Pool ATP IV 
Corvidia Therapeutics
SOLD
Syntimmune 
SOLD
Tendyne 
SOLD
Tusker Medical
SOLD

Pool ATP V-1 
Initial Therapeutics
2020
$53.3
84.1%
Nine Square Therapeutics
2020
$50.0
87.5%

Pool ATP V-2 
Aethon Therapeutics
2022
$17.0
77.5%
Apertor Pharmaceuticals
2020
$29.0
87.2%
Aulos Bioscience
2020
$60.0
69.8%
Deep Apple Therapeutics
2021
$43.0
78.7%
Evercrisp Biosciences
2021
$26.0
83.4%
Marlinspike Therapeutics
2022
$27.7
88.7%
Nereid Therapeutics
2020
$50.0
85.2%
Red Queen Therapeutics
2021
$27.6
90.5%
Replicate Bioscience
2021
$59.3
84.5%

Equity Holder
Interest
Pool ATP IV 
(See Appendix)
Pool ATP V-1 
Rigmora Biotech Investor One LP
49.00%
Rigmora Biotech Investor Two LP
51.00%
Pool ATP V-2 
Rigmora Biotech Investor One LP
49.00%
Rigmora Biotech Investor Two LP
51.00%
Pool ATP V-3 
Rigmora Biotech Investor One LP
48.04%
Rigmora Biotech Investor Two LP
51.00%
SLH
0.45%
Les Pommes
0.51%
Pool ATP Braeburn
Rigmora Biotech Investor One LP
49.00%
Rigmora Biotech Investor Two LP
51.00%

Pool ATP V-3 
Ascidian Therapeutics
2020
$89.6
84.9%
Galvanize Therapeutics
2015
$127.0
23.2%
Marengo Therapeutics
2015
$56.0
81.4%

Pool ATP Braeburn
Braeburn 
2021
$403.0
83.1%

=== page 40 ===
Case 25-12177-LSS    Doc 18    Filed 12/15/25    Page 40 of 124

ATP Life Science Ventures, L.P.

Appendix

ATP IV - EQUITY PROFILE

Type
Entity

Units o/s

Preferred Units
Rigmora Biotech Investor Two LP
407,757
     
49.13%

Preferred Units
Rigmora Biotech Investor Two LP - (loan repayment units)
17,357
       
2.09%

Preferred Units
Rigmora Biotech Investor One LP
391,767
     
47.20%

Preferred Units
SLH
6,177
         
0.74%

Preferred Units
Les Pommes
6,947
         
0.84%

Investment Common Units
Rigmora Biotech Investor Two LP
402,990
     
43.7000%

Investment Common Units
Rigmora Biotech Investor Two LP - (loan repayment units)
17,357
       
1.8800%

Investment Common Units
Rigmora Biotech Investor One LP
385,467
     
41.8000%

Investment Common Units
SLH
6,177
         
0.6700%

Investment Common Units
Les Pommes
6,947
         
0.7500%

Investment Common Units
AB *
11,067
       
1.2000%

Founder Units
SLH
44,585
       
4.8300%

Founder Units
Les Pommes
47,638
       
5.1700%

Incentive Common Units
MGMT
198,635

1,950,867

* 1.425% of 90%

=== page 41 ===
Case 25-12177-LSS    Doc 18    Filed 12/15/25    Page 41 of 124

EXHIBIT B

Delaware Chancery Court Decision

=== page 42 ===
Case 25-12177-LSS    Doc 18    Filed 12/15/25    Page 42 of 124

IN THE COURT OF CHANCERY OF THE STATE OF DELAWARE

ATP III GP, LTD., in its capacity as 
General Partner of ATP Life Science 
Ventures, L.P.,

Plaintiff, 
 
v. 
 
RIGMORA BIOTECH INVESTOR 
ONE LP and RIGMORA BIOTECH 
INVESTOR TWO LP,

C.A. No. 2025-0607-KSJM

Defendants.

) 
) 
) 
) 
)  
) 
) 
) 
) 
) 
) 
) 
)

POST-TRIAL MEMORANDUM OPINION

Date Submitted: December 3, 2025

Date Decided: December 5, 2025

Michael A. Barlow, Shannon M. Doughty, Morgan R. Harrison, QUINN EMANUEL 
URQUHART & SULLIVAN LLP, Wilmington, Delaware; Garrett B. Moritz, Roger S. 
Stronach, A. Gage Whirley, ROSS ARONSTAM & MORITZ LLP, Wilmington, 
Delaware; Andrew M. Berdon, Rachel E. Epstein, Kathryn D. Bonacorsi, Jonathan 
M. Acevedo, Taylor L. Jones, Jenny Braun, QUINN EMANUEL URQUHART & 
SULLIVAN, LLP, New York, New York; Jessica T. Reese, John F. Ferraro, QUINN 
EMANUEL URQUHART & SULLIVAN, LLP, Boston, Massachusetts; Counsel for 
Plaintiff ATP III GP, Ltd. 
 
Blake Rohrbacher, Daniel E. Kaprow, Christine J. Chen, Zachary R. Greer,  Benjamin 
O. Allen, RICHARDS, LAYTON & FINGER, P.A, Wilmington, Delaware; Shannon 
Rose Selden, William H. Taft V, Zachary Saltzman, Natascha Born, Carl Micarelli, 
Sebastian Dutz, DEBEVOISE & PLIMPTON LLP, New York, New York; Counsel for 
Defendants Rigmora Biotech Investor One LP and Rigmora Biotech Investor Two LP. 
 
 
McCORMICK, C.

=== page 43 ===
Case 25-12177-LSS    Doc 18    Filed 12/15/25    Page 43 of 124

The plaintiff is the general partner of a Cayman exempted limited partnership

that holds a portfolio of Delaware life science companies.  The plaintiff sued its

limited partners to enforce capital calls, to force them to work in good faith to approve

budgets for the portfolio companies, and to obtain declarations concerning the

plaintiff’s rights under the fund agreement.  The funding freeze at issue here placed

several of the portfolio companies at risk of insolvency, and so the court entered a

highly expedited schedule leading to trial.

This post-trial decision orders specific performance of all but one of the capital

calls and otherwise sides with the limited partners.  The plaintiff’s effort to force

budget approvals rests on an implied contractual duty of good faith recognized under

Cayman law, a duty that constrains the exercise of discretionary contractual rights

when it is implied.  Although Cayman law recognizes this implied duty, no court has

implied the duty in the context of an exempted limited partnership.  This court will

not be the first.  And the plaintiff’s requested declarations that are ripe, which also

implicate primarily Cayman law, do not relate to the capital call or budgeting issues

that warranted expedition of this case.  They relate mainly to issues pending parallel

proceedings in a Cayman court.  This court thus defers to the Cayman court on those

issues.

That’s a highly abbreviated summary of what follows.  Given the precarious

position of the affected portfolio companies, the court worked hard to issue this

decision promptly.1  Wasting no time on wordsmithing, this introduction foregoes an

1 The plaintiff requested that the court issue this decision on or by December 5, 2025.

=== page 44 ===
Case 25-12177-LSS    Doc 18    Filed 12/15/25    Page 44 of 124

extensive and riveting account of the facts learned at trial—the deeply human story

of a fund formed by two doctors-turned-businessmen motivated to develop drug

therapies that improve human health, their many successful years of collaboration,

the temporary surge in early stage biotech investment spurred by a global response

to the pandemic, the geopolitical events and attendant adjustments to risk strategies

that strained the parties’ relationship, and the complex legal framework governing

their dispute.  Although the court streamlined the decision given the press of time,

these details and more follow.

I. 
FACTUAL BACKGROUND

Trial took place on October 16 and 17, 2025.  The record comprises 1,930 trial

exhibits, live testimony from five fact witnesses and three expert witnesses,

deposition testimony from four fact witnesses, and 57 stipulations of fact.2  These are

the facts as the court finds them after trial.

2 This decision cites to: C.A. No. 2025-0607-KSJM docket entries (by docket “Dkt.” 
number); trial exhibits (by “JX” number); the trial transcript, Dkts. 277–79 (“Trial 
Tr.”); and stipulated facts set forth in the Parties’ Stipulation and Pre-Trial Order, 
Dkt. 209 (“PTO”).  The parties called the following fact witnesses: Yuri Bogdanov 
(Rigmora CEO), Seth Harrison (ATP Founder and Managing Partner), Spiros Liras 
(ATP Venture Partner), Dmitry Rybolovlev (Rigmora Founder), and Joseph Yanchik 
(ATP Venture Partner).  The parties called the following expert witnesses: Ilonna 
Rimm (Rigmora Biotechnology Investing Expert), Mark Robbins (ATP Biotechnology 
Investing Expert), and Ilya Strebulaev (Rigmora Venture Capital Expert). The 
parties submitted the deposition transcripts of the live witnesses and called the 
following witnesses by deposition only: Michael Ehlers (ATP Chief Scientific Officer, 
Venture Partner, and Portfolio Company Officer & Director), William Engels (ATP 
CFO), Daniel Finkelman (ATP General Counsel), and Alexey Yakovlev (Rigmora 
CFO).  Depositions transcripts are cited using the witnesses’ last name and “Dep. Tr.”

2

=== page 45 ===
Case 25-12177-LSS    Doc 18    Filed 12/15/25    Page 45 of 124

A. 
The Fund And The Limited Partnership Agreement

In 2012, Dr. Seth Harrison and Dr. Dimitry Rybolovlev formed Apple Tree

Partners IV, L.P., which was later renamed to ATP Life Science Ventures, L.P., a

Cayman Islands exempted limited partnership (the “Fund”).3

Both Harrison and Rybolovlev were medical doctors.  Harrison received his

M.D. from Columbia Medical School4 and worked as a surgeon at a New York City

hospital for a year.5  He then left the field of medicine to attend Columbia Business

School.6  After business school, in the 1990s, he joined a large venture capital firm

and formed Apple Tree Partners I to hold his life-science investments.7

Rybolovlev received his medical degree in 1990 from Perm Medical Institute

and practiced medicine for a year after.8  He switched careers in the 1990s when the

Soviet Union was privatizing.9  Rybolovlev acquired stakes in multiple companies

before consolidating his investments in the most successful, a fertilizer manufacturer

named Uralkali.10  Rybolovlev acquired voting control of Uralkali by 2000, instituted

“western style” corporate governance mechanisms,11 and took it public in 2007 on the

3 PTO ¶ 23.

4 Trial Tr. at 7:22–8:1 (Harrison).

5 Id. at 8:1–3 (Harrison).

6 Id. at 8:2–16 (Harrison).

7 Id. 8:13–21 (Harrison).

8 Id. at 345:2–14 (Rybolovlev).

9 Id. at 346:8–347:1 (Rybolovlev).

10 Id. at 347:2–16 (Rybolovlev).

11 Id. at 347:20–348:5 (Rybolovlev).

3

=== page 46 ===
Case 25-12177-LSS    Doc 18    Filed 12/15/25    Page 46 of 124

London Stock Exchange.12  Rybolovlev sold his interests in Uralkali in 2010,

personally earning around $5 billion through the transaction.13

Rybolovlev decided to invest the proceeds in companies addressing the “three

major ways” in which, in his view, the future of “humanity will benefit the most”:

“health, . . . food, and entertainment.”14  He ultimately invested in a diverse array of

companies intended to fulfill these goals, including a cellular-based meat producer

and AS Monaco Football Club.15  To promote human health, Rybolovlev met with fund

managers in the U.S. “to find an optimal way to invest in biotech industry.”16  He

ultimately determined to replicate the investment strategy that led to his success

with Uralkali, creating a “family-owned pharma company” using the “apparatus” of

“venture capital.”17

In 2010, a biotech analyst at Merrill Lynch introduced Harrison to

Rybolovlev.18  Harrison liked Rybolovlev’s investment strategy.19  Harrison and

Rybolovlev formed the Fund to invest in and develop biotechnology.20

12 Id. at 348:6–7 (Rybolovlev).

13 Id. at 348:11–13 (Rybolovlev).

14 Id. at 351:2–6 (Rybolovlev).

15 Id. at 351:7–352:6 (Rybolovlev).

16 Id. at 349:24–350:5 (Rybolovlev).

17 Id. at 16:18–23 (Harrison); id. at 350:6–9 (Rybolovlev).

18 Id. at 9:10–14 (Harrison).

19 Id. at 350:14–17 (Rybolovlev).

20 Id.; id. at 9:24–10:10 (Harrison); id. at 349:20–351:9 (Rybolovlev); JX-1 (LPA) at 3; 
JX-1574 (“Bloch Report”) ¶ 15.

4

=== page 47 ===
Case 25-12177-LSS    Doc 18    Filed 12/15/25    Page 47 of 124

ATP III GP, Ltd. (“ATP”) serves as the General Partner of the Fund, and

Harrison is the manager of ATP.21  The Fund’s largest limited partners, contributing

approximately 98% of  the Fund’s overall capital,22 are Defendants Rigmora Biotech

Investor One LP and Rigmora Biotech Investor Two LP, both owned by Rybolovlev’s

family trust.23  The Rigmora entities are successors-in-interest to the original limited

partners Blue Horizon Enterprise Ltd. and Ezbon International Ltd. (together with

the Rigmora entities, “Rigmora”).24

On November 1, 2012, the parties entered into the First Amended and

Restated Limited Partnership Agreement (the “LPA”), which governs the Fund’s

operations.25  The LPA is governed by the law of the Cayman Islands.26  The parties

have amended the LPA twenty-two times.27

21 PTO ¶¶ 13, 15.

22 JX-1237 at 4 (contributions through 2024); JX 1302 at 3–5 (showing Defendants’ 
combined contributions accounted for about 98% of the Fund’s ~$2.309 billion of 
capital contributions as of December 31, 2024); PTO ¶¶ 57, 59–61, 63 (contributions 
in 2025); Trial Tr. at 469:11–22, 470:12–17 (Yakovlev) (explaining how to navigate 
JX-1237 and calculate total contributions); id. at 208:10–18 (Strebulaev).  Harrison 
and Les Pommes have contributed $54.7 million combined.  JX-1400 ¶ 44; Trial Tr. 
11:16–12:5 (Harrison).

23 PTO ¶¶ 17–20; see also Trial Tr. at 270:12–271:3, 271:13–15 (Bogdanov).

24 PTO ¶ 18; see also Trial Tr. at 11:4–7, 25:10–17 (Harrison).

25 LPA; see also PTO ¶¶ 24–25.

26 LPA ¶ 18(g).

27 JX-1–JX-6 (LPA and LPA Ams. 1–5); JX-8–JX-17 (LPA Ams. 6–15); JX-19 (LPA 
Am. 16); JX-89 (LPA Am. 17); JX-126 (LPA Am. 18); JX-132 (LPA Am. 19); JX-222 
(LPA Am. 20); JX-480 (LPA Am. 20); JX-1068 (LPA Am. 22).

5

=== page 48 ===
Case 25-12177-LSS    Doc 18    Filed 12/15/25    Page 48 of 124

At issue here, the LPA provides a framework for making capital calls and

approving budgets.28  Also relevant to this litigation, the LPA contains an

“Exculpation Provision” that protects ATP from liability for actions taken in good

faith that are not willful fraud, willful misconduct, gross negligence, or an intentional

and material breach of the LPA.29  It as well contains a “Discretionary-Action

Provision” that grants ATP the discretion to take action against any limited partner

who breaches the LPA.30  The LPA’s “Global Default Provision” authorizes ATP as

General Partner to declare a Limited Partner who failed to honor its capital call

obligations a “Defaulting Partner,” and outlines a set of remedies that ATP can elect

to pursue.31  Those remedies include imposing a “Default Charge” by reducing the

limited partner’s preferred units.32

B. 
The Historical Budgeting Process

The LPA authorizes the General Partner to call capital for “Projects approved

by” the Limited Partners “in writing” and “in accordance with a budget therefor

approved” by the Limited Partners.33  The LPA thus granted Rigmora the right to

approve budgets for projects before the General Partner can call capital for those

projects.

28 LPA ¶ 5(a); LPA Am. 3 ¶ 3.

29 LPA ¶ 2(g).

30 Id. ¶ 18(g)(iv).

31 Id. 5(c).

32 Id.

33 LPA Am. 3 ¶ 5(a)(iii).

6

=== page 49 ===
Case 25-12177-LSS    Doc 18    Filed 12/15/25    Page 49 of 124

Until late 2024, the process by which the parties agreed on budgets began with

informal discussions among Rigmora’s Chief Investment Officer (whoever occupied

that position at the time), Harrison, and Rybolovlev.34  For each new Series A

investment, Harrison and Rybolovlev met—often in person, although Harrison lives

in the United States and Rybolovlev lives in Switzerland—to discuss the opportunity,

its prospects for commercial and scientific success, and funding needs.35

Rybolovlev personally approved every new investment informally.36  Once he

did so, ATP prepared a packet of materials to secure formal approval.37  The packet

included things like a CFIUS memorandum,38 a request for formal budget approval,39

and an investment memorandum.40

ATP employees drafted the investment memoranda,41 which served as a

“roadmap from the implementation of a project all the way to the delivery of value as

measured by exits.”42  The investment memoranda included the investment thesis,

the investment rationale, and an assessment of the quality of the company’s

34 Trial Tr. at 14:1–24 (Harrison).

35 Id. at 31:15–32:4, 33:5–10 (Harrison); id. at 349:9–14, 355:4–12 (Rybolovlev).

36 Id.

37 Id. at 32:19–33:4 (Harrison).

38 JX-310 at 6–7.

39 Trial Tr. at 31:15–33:4 (Harrison); id. at 355:9–18 (Rybolovlev).

40 Id. at 32:19–33:4 (Harrison); id. at 245:13–17, 251:3–13 (Liras).

41 Id. at 132:8–12 (Harrison).

42 Id. at 241:21–24 (Liras).

7

=== page 50 ===
Case 25-12177-LSS    Doc 18    Filed 12/15/25    Page 50 of 124

founders.43  The memoranda also contained performance milestones by which ATP

could “measure progress against stated goals.”44

As Harrison explained, milestones supplied a useful starting point in

projecting a portfolio company’s performance, but the initial milestones identified in

the investment memoranda became less important in middle and later stages of the

investment.45  As the portfolio companies were “developing drugs from new

technologies” and “working with teams of scientists of various stripes,” their progress

could not easily be predicted from the outset and they would often pivot if their initial

strategy was not progressing well.46

In this litigation, Rigmora argues that the milestones served as conditions to

Rigmora’s obligation to fund approved budgets.47  For this purpose, Rigmora cites to

evidence reflecting the significance that ATP placed on milestones.48  But that

43 See, e.g., JX-150 at 8.

44 Trial Tr. at 242:1–6 (Liras).  They also included risk mitigation strategies, which 
could involve analyses of comparable companies to assess the novelty of the science 
and its potential value to patients and investors.  Id. at 242:6–10 (Liras).

45 Trial Tr. at 134:5–135:13 (Harrison).

46 Id.

47 JX-1579 (“Rimm Report”) Figs. 5–11; see also, e.g., JX-243 at 32 (Evercrisp) 
(dividing funding into “six milestone-driven tranches”); JX-114 at 1, 7, 32–33 
(Apertor) (establishing $50m financing in “milestone-driven tranches”); JX-269 at 27 
(Red Queen) (establishing tranches “based on milestones and progress”).

48 See Dkt. 269 (“Rigmora Post-Trial Br.”) at 8, 28 (citing investment memoranda 
explaining the significant of milestones, JX-243 at 32, JX-309 at 4, JX-269 at 27; 
Ehlers’s testimony that milestones were valuable for focusing the company’s 
management and protecting investors, Trial Tr. at 403:20–404:2 (Ehlers); and 
Harrison’s investment deck characterizing the Fund’s investing practices as 
“[d]iscipline funding” consisting of “[m]ilestone-based tranches infused over time,”  
JX-2280 at 6).

8

=== page 51 ===
Case 25-12177-LSS    Doc 18    Filed 12/15/25    Page 51 of 124

evidence reflects that ATP viewed milestones as important tools for managing the

portfolio companies.  No evidence suggests that anyone intended the performance

milestones identified in the investment memoranda to serve as conditions to

Rigmora’s obligation to fund budgets that it approved.  Harrison and Rybolovlev

never discussed nor negotiated the milestones.49  Rigmora lacked the substantive

expertise to set or track performance milestones.50  Only two of the approved budgets

contained any express milestones, and they were based on corporate strategy

metrics.51  The fact that certain of the Rigmora approved budgets contained express

milestones suggests that the parties did not intend to condition the other budgets on

milestones contained in the investment memoranda.

After formal budget approval, the Fund would enter into Series A stock

purchase agreements with the relevant portfolio companies.52   ATP viewed the Series

A commitments as key to recruiting top scientists and staff.53  This is because most

of the Fund’s portfolio companies rely on funding from the Fund exclusively.54

49 Id. at 33:11–14 (Harrison).

50 Bogdanov Dep. Tr. at 31:2–9; 45:23–46:10; 46:11–15; Blöchlinger Dep. Tr. at 37:17–
25; Yakovlev Dep. Tr. at 30:23–31.

51 Id. at 33:23–34:5 (Harrison); JX-1192 at 2.

52 Trial Tr. at 34:19–35:2 (Harrison).

53 JX-1174 at 2.

54 Trial Tr. at 20:8–21:1 (Harrison).

9

=== page 52 ===
Case 25-12177-LSS    Doc 18    Filed 12/15/25    Page 52 of 124

C. 
Rigmora’s Capital Commitments

Since the inception of the Fund, Rigmora agreed to multiple capital

commitments.  The LPA limits ATP’s right to call capital to the maximum amount of

money each limited partner, including Rigmora, committed to the Fund, which the

LPA refers to as a limited partner’s “Contingent Subscription.”55  Rigmora’s

commitments began with an initial commitment of $1.425 billion alongside the

November 2012 LPA and were followed by additional commitments negotiated in

connection with amendments to the LPA.

1. 
Rigmora Commits $1.425 Billion To Establish The Fund.

The parties agreed to capitalize the Fund with $1.5 billion initially.56  Rigmora

would supply $1.425 billion and Harrison would supply the remaining $75 million

pursuant to a loan from Rigmora.57  Rigmora made its initial capital commitments

totaling $1.425 billion on November 1, 2012, under subscription agreements signed

by Blue Horizon for $698.25 million and Ezbon for $726.75 million.58  The

55 LPA ¶ 5(a)(i).

56 Trial Tr. at 350:18–23 (Rybolovlev).

57 PTO ¶¶ 26–27; Trial Tr. at 23:16–25:22 (testifying that Rigmora’s total subscription 
at the time the parties executed the LPA was $1.425 billion when combining Blue 
Horizon’s and Ezbon’s subscriptions); JX-212 at 19–23; JX-213 at 19–23; JX-216 at 
19–23; Trial Tr. at 25:18–26:3 (Harrison); id. at 354:12–19 (Rybolovlev); see also JX-
1, Sch. D (describing Rigmora’s financing of Harrison’s capital contributions).

58 JX-212 at 19–23 (signature pages); JX-213 at 19–23 (signature pages); Trial Tr. at 
25:18–22 (Harrison).

10

=== page 53 ===
Case 25-12177-LSS    Doc 18    Filed 12/15/25    Page 53 of 124

subscription agreements were “[s]ubject to the terms and conditions set forth in

. . . the [LPA].”59

Rigmora also agreed to “make such other capital contributions and payments

to the Fund as provided for in the LPA, in the manner and at the times provided in

the [LPA],” and to become “bound by the terms of the [LPA].”60  ATP’s right to call

capital, in addition to being limited in amount to each partner’s Contingent

Subscription, was restricted to contractually specified purposes.

2. 
The Parties Amend The LPA To Create Investment Pools.

Amendment 13 to the LPA, dated February 4, 2019, introduced a Fund

structure through which commitments, assets, and contributions would be allocated

and tracked across separate “pools.”61  The aim of the pool concept was to segregate

money so that profits on new investments would not leak to former Fund employees.62

As Harrison explained, “we had old teams and new teams coming in that would found

[sic] new deals.  So we needed to segregate their deals in a pool out of fairness.”63

Pools also allowed the parties to increase capital commitments without having to

establish new entities, thus avoiding potential know-your-customer roadblocks.64

59 JX-212 ¶ 1; JX-213 ¶ 1.

60 Id.

61 JX-15 (LPA Am. 13) ¶ 17(a).

62 Trial Tr. at 27:11–28:9 (Harrison)

63 Id. at 27:13–17 (Harrison).

64 Id. at 27:11–28:9 (Harrison).

11

=== page 54 ===
Case 25-12177-LSS    Doc 18    Filed 12/15/25    Page 54 of 124

Amendment 13 established two pools:  Pool A, which held the existing projects,

and Pool B, which held the Fund’s new projects.65  Rigmora was responsible for

funding 100% of capital called for Pool B.66  Amendment 13 stated that expenses

“directly attributable” to a particular pool would be allocated exclusively to that pool

with other expenses apportioned between the pools based on the relative cost basis of

the remaining assets in each pool.67  Amendment 13 identified the “Management Fee”

paid to Harrison, and the “Apple Tree Life Sciences, Inc. Fee, or “ATLS Fee” for Fund

expenses incurred across the portfolio companies, as expenses attributable to both

pools.68

Amendment 13 further provided that “separate and distinct records shall be

maintained for each Pool, and capital contributions . . . shall also be accounted for

separately on a Pool-by-Pool basis.”69

3. 
Rigmora Commits An Additional $1 Billion.

Rigmora increased its commitment to the Fund as early-stage biotech

investment surged in 2020 and 2021, spurred by the global response to the Covid-19

65 LPA Am. 13 ¶ 17(a).

66 Id.¶ 17(b).

67 Id. ¶ 17(d)).

68 JX-9 (LPA Am. 7) Schedule A ¶ 3; JX-19 (LPA Am. 13) ¶ 17(d).  ATLS is a wholly 
owned subsidiary of the Fund that covers Fund operational expenses like facility 
costs, leases, rents, and employee costs.  JX-9 (LPA Am. 7) Schedule A ¶ 3; Trial Tr. 
at 17:17–18:4 (Harrison).  The parties allocated the Management Fee and ATLS Fee 
between the pools according to fixed percentages.  LPA Am. 20 ¶ 6.

69 LPA Am. 13 ¶ 17(a).

12

=== page 55 ===
Case 25-12177-LSS    Doc 18    Filed 12/15/25    Page 55 of 124

pandemic.70  Amendment 17 to the Limited Partnership Agreement, dated September

9, 2020, committed Rigmora to fund an additional $1 billion to be allocated between

Pool B and a new Pool C.71  Thereafter, Pool A would consist of Rigmora’s original

$1.425 billion capital commitment and all economics of the Fund not expressly

allocated to Pools B or C.  Pools B and C would split Rigmora’s new $1 billion

commitment.72

Amendment 17 further specified that Pool B would contain: Chinook

Therapeutics U.S., Inc.; Nine Square Therapeutics Corporation; and Initial

Therapeutics, Inc., along with a proportionate share of the Management Fee and

ATLS Fee.73  Pool C would contain Kynos Therapeutics Ltd and any new projects

after the execution of Amendment 17, along with a proportionate share of the ATLS

Fee and Management Fee.74

Each of these pools would be funded “exclusively” by Rigmora, and “[a]ll capital

invested in the Pool C Projects . . . [would] be treated as contributed to [Pool C].”75

70 Trial Tr. at 362:7–12 (Rybolovlev); see also id. at 402:20–22 (Ehlers); JX-1579 ¶ 19.

71 Trial Tr. at 29:1–19 (Harrison); JX-89 (LPA Am. 17).

72 LPA Am. 17 ¶ 20(a)

73 Id.

74 Id.

75 Id. ¶ 20(b).

13

=== page 56 ===
Case 25-12177-LSS    Doc 18    Filed 12/15/25    Page 56 of 124

After Amendment 17, the parties executed amended subscription agreements

under which Blue Horizon and Ezbon committed to contributing $490 million and

$510 million, respectively, to Pools B and C.76

In Amendment 19, dated November 27, 2020, the parties renamed Pools A, B,

and C, as Pool ATP IV, Pool ATP V-1, and Pool ATP V-2, respectively.77  In their

testimony, the witnesses further shortened the Pool names to Pool IV, Pool V-1, and

Pool V-2,78 and this decision follows suit.

D. 
Amendment 20 To The Limited Partnership Agreement

In 2021, while investments in early-stage biotech companies still surged, the

parties decided to restructure the economic rights and obligations surrounding an

existing Pool IV project called Braeburn Inc.  The Fund founded Braeburn in 2012 as

“a Phase 1 company.”79  By 2021, it was “market[ing] a drug for opioid addiction” and

had around “$300 million in sales revenue.”80  Pool IV held Braeburn, but the

company was “capital intensive.”81  So Rybolovlev agreed to fund the capital

commitments to Braeburn, and ATP agreed to “change[] . . . carry economics in favor

of [Rybolovlev].”82  To facilitate this arrangement, the parties amended the LPA to

76 Trial Tr. at 41:11–42:14 (Harrison); JX-99; JX-101.

77 JX-132 (LPA Am. 19) ¶ 1; Trial Tr. at 28:22–24 (Harrison).

78 See, e.g., Trial Tr. at 40:19–23 (Harrison).

79 Trial Tr. at 44:14–19 (Harrison).

80 Id. at 44:13–21 (Harrison).

81 Id. at 45:8–21 (Harrison).

82 Id. at 45:8–24 (Harrison); LPA Am. 20 ¶ 21(b).

14

=== page 57 ===
Case 25-12177-LSS    Doc 18    Filed 12/15/25    Page 57 of 124

“segregate the investment in Braeburn.”83  Meanwhile, ATP had placed new

executives in charge of existing projects.84  This, coupled with changes at Braeburn,

prompted a wholesale restructuring of Pool IV to allocate existing assets and

liabilities to newly created pools and align managers’ carried interests with their

performance.85

In June 2021, the parties executed Amendment 20 to for this purpose.86

Amendment 20 created two new pools.87  The first, “Pool Braeburn,” held Braeburn

in a segregated fund for which Rigmora would be the exclusive source of capital.88

The second, “Pool V-3,” held seven companies formerly under Pool IV that “hadn’t

quite made it” and “would be managed by the members of our new team”89—Ascidian

Therapeutics, Inc., Gala Therapeutics, Inc., Galary, Inc., Galvanize Therapeutics,

Inc., Galaxy Medical, Inc., Intergalactic Therapeutics, Inc., and Marengo

83 Id. at 44:22–45:2 (Harrison).

84 Id. at 46:6–15 (Harrison).

85 LPA Am. 20  ¶¶ 21(a), 22(a) (describing Pools V-3 and Braeburn as “consist[ing] of 
the assets, liabilities, income, gains, losses and expenses associated with the 
Partnership’s investments” in the relevant portfolio companies); Trial Tr. at 44:22–
45:11 (Harrison) (Pool Braeburn created to change “carry economics” for investment 
in Braeburn); id. at 39:21–41:10, 46:6–15 (Harrison) (Pool V-3 set up to segregate 
economics for new managers).

86 Trial Tr. at 44:11–46:15 (Harrison).

87 LPA Am. 20 ¶¶ 21, 22.

88 LPA Am. 20  ¶ 21; id. ¶ 21(b) (stating that capital shall be called from Rigmora 
“exclusively” and that “[n]o other Partner shall be required to contribute capital to or 
in respect of Pool Braeburn”).

89 Trial Tr. at 46:6–15 (Harrison).

15

=== page 58 ===
Case 25-12177-LSS    Doc 18    Filed 12/15/25    Page 58 of 124

Therapeutics, Inc.90  Amendment 20 also reduced Rigmora’s funding commitments to

Pool IV.91

The parties dispute whether Rigmora agreed to increase its overall capital

commitments through Amendment 20.  Before Amendment 20, Rigmora had

committed a total of $2.425 billion: $1.425 billion to Pool IV and $1 billion to Pools V-

1 and V-2.92  Of that amount, Rigmora had contributed approximately $1.3 billion93

to Pool IV and $58.5 million to Pools V-1 or V-2.94  Rigmora’s commitments thus left

around $1.067 billion in head room in its Contingent Subscription to achieve the then

contemplated projects.95  In this litigation, Rigmora argues that $1.067 billion was

90 LPA Am. 20 ¶ 22(a).

91 LPA Am. 20 ¶ 24.

92 PTO ¶ 30; JX-212 at 19–23 (Blue Horizon SA signature pages); -213 at 19–23 
(Ezbon SA signature pages); LPA Am. 17 ¶ 20(a) (committing an additional $1 billion 
to Pools B and C); JX-99 ¶ 1; JX-101 ¶ 1; LPA Am. 19 ¶ 1 (renaming Pool A to Pool 
IV and Pools B and C to Pools V-1 and V-2 respectively).

93 See JX-221, Tab “Capital Contributions – ATP IV,” Cells D163, E163 (stating Ezbon 
and Blue Horizon contributed $662,918,351.14 and $636,921,696.00 to ATP IV 
respectively, which combined equals $1,299,840,047.14).

94 See id., Tab “Capital Calls – V-1 and V-2,” Adding cells D23 and D47, the totals for 
Rigmora’s contributions to V-1 and V-2,  yields $58,486,530.

95  As described in the legal analysis, immediately prior to Amendment 20’s adoption, 
Rigmora committed $2.425 billion to the Fund.  PTO ¶ 30; JX-212 at 19–23 (Blue 
Horizon SA signature pages); JX-213 at 19–23 (Ezbon SA signature pages); LPA Am. 
17 ¶ 20(a); JX-99 ¶ 1; JX-101 ¶ 1; LPA Am. 19 ¶ 1.  Rigmora’s combined contributions 
to all pools immediately prior to Amendment 20’s adoption was $1,358,326,577.14.  
JX-221, Tab “Capital Contributions – ATP IV,” Cells D163, E163 (showing Rigmora’s 
total contributions to Pool IV as $1,299,840,047.14); id., Tab “Capital Calls – V-1 and 
V-2,” Cells D23, D47 (showing Rigmora’s total contributions to Pools V-1 and V-2 as 
$58,486,530). Subtracting Rigmora’s capital contributions of $1,358,326,577.14 from 
its then current Contingent Subscription of $2.425 billion yields unfunded capital 
commitments of $1,066,673,422.86.

16

=== page 59 ===
Case 25-12177-LSS    Doc 18    Filed 12/15/25    Page 59 of 124

more than enough to accomplish anticipated projects.  And the parties did not

expressly amend the subscription agreements in connection with Amendment 20 as

they had with prior LPA amendments.96

But Amendment 20 and communications leading up to it, all during the biotech

boom, reflect that the parties anticipated unfunded commitments exceeding $1.067

billion, and total commitments from Rigmora exceeding $2.425 billion.

In May 2021, Harrison emailed a draft outline of the transaction to Rigmora’s

then-CEO and CIO Anna Kolonchina, who indicated Rigmora’s assent to the outline

a few days later.97  The outline included a section titled “Remaining Unfunded Capital

Commitments” of approximately $1.385 billion as follows: (1) $20 million for ATP IV;

(2) $220 million for ATP V-1; (3) $664 million for ATP V-2; (4) $291 million for new

Pool ATP V-3; and (5) $189.95 million for new Pool Braeburn.98  Adding up Rigmora’s

obligation for those commitments (approximately $1.384 billion),99 to its then-funded

commitments ($1.3 billion) equals $2.684 billion.

On its face, Amendment 20 reflects a minimum in unfunded commitments of

approximately $2.814 billion, more than those of the May 2021 outline.100

96 See PTO ¶¶ 26–27, 30 (listing amendments to subscription agreements).

97 JX-195 at 1 (Kolonchina circulated a revised draft and stating it “make[s] sense to 
start drafting a long form” amendment).

98 JX-195 at 4–5.

99 Of that, Rigmora would be responsible for approximately $1.384 billion based on 
its agreement to fund 99.6028% of Pool IV and Pool V-3 and 100% of the remaining 
pools.  JX-195 at 1, 4–5.

100 LPA Am. 20.

17

=== page 60 ===
Case 25-12177-LSS    Doc 18    Filed 12/15/25    Page 60 of 124

Amendment 20 reflected anywhere from $304.6 to $309.2 million in contributions to

Pool V-3101 (more than the $291 million reflected in the outline).  It also reflected a

minimum of $189.9 million to Pool Braeburn plus a commitment to fund additional

securities fees (thus likely more than the flat $189.9 million reflected in the

outline).102  Amendment 20 reduced the $1.425 billion commitment to Pool IV

consistent with the email (subtracting approximately $92 million to even the

101 As discussed in the legal analysis, to Pool V-3, Amendment 20 reflected a total 
commitment of $500 million.  LPA Am. 20 ¶ 22(b).  This included $189,544,660 in 
“deemed commitments” to the existing investments into the Pool V-3 companies and 
implied approximately $310.5 million in new commitments.  Id.  The new 
commitments expressly identify two new expenses totaling $305.8 million: 
$70,853,399 in previously approved, unfunded budgets and $235 million in additional 
commitments to those companies.  Id.  Amendment 20 further states that “Ezbon, 
Blue Horizon, Harrison, and Les Pommes shall contribute 50.7974%, 48.8054%, 
0.1869%, and 0.2103%, respectively,” to any unfunded remaining budgets.  Id.  
Assuming the implied $310.5 million, then Rigmora would be required to contribute 
approximately $309.2 million.  Assuming the expressly noted $305.8 million, then 
Rigmora would be required to contribute approximately $304.6 million.  So 
Amendment 20 reflects anticipated additional capital commitments from Rigmora to 
Pool V-3 in a range of $304.6 million to $309.2 million.

102 As discussed in the legal analysis, to Pool Braeburn, Amendment 20 reflected 
Rigmora’s commitment of $189.9 million.  LPA Am. 20 ¶ 21(a).  Amendment 20 also 
committed Pool Braeburn to “any additional securities of Braeburn acquired by the 
Partnership after the date of Amendment 20” and fees and expenses related to Pool 
Braeburn.  Id.  ATP’s former CFO Engels testified that the Braeburn later purchased 
$30.6 million in additional Series B shares for Braeburn and called approximately $9 
million in expenses to Pool Braeburn.  Engels Dep. Tr. at 355:3–15.  The parties 
executed a settlement agreement in December 2024 to resolve a dispute that Rigmora 
initiated in Cayman.  Trial Tr. at 71:5–10 (Harrison).  Pursuant to that settlement, 
the parties waived the then-remaining $21.3 million in commitments to Pool 
Braeburn.  Engels Dep. Tr. at 355:16–21; JX-1068 (LPA Am. 22); JX-1072.As Engels 
explained, these commitments “netted out to a total obligation of $208,355,000.”  
Engels Dep. Tr. at  355:22–356:4.  Even assuming that the parties did not know the 
precise costs of the additional securities, fees, and expenses at the time of executing 
Amendment 20, the Amendment anticipated $189.9 million in additonal funding to 
Braeburn.

18

=== page 61 ===
Case 25-12177-LSS    Doc 18    Filed 12/15/25    Page 61 of 124

commitment to the funds already contributed and adding the then-anticipated $20

million in fees)103 but did not reduce the $1 billion commitment to Pools V-1/V-2.

And immediately following Amendment 20, ATP began calling committed

capital from Rigmora and Harrison.  On June 24, 2021, ATP transmitted a capital

call to Rigmora for approximately $16.4 million, consisting of $2 million for Pool

Braeburn, $1.6 million for Pool V-2, and $12.8 million in expenses charged to the

pools, all split among Rigmora and Harrison in line with their commitment

obligations to the pools.104

This capital call—and every call that followed—included as “Exhibit A” a

tracker of the outstanding capital commitments.105  The tracker included the amount

of funds being called from each party on a pool-by-pool basis (including the breakdown

of ATLS fees proportionately for each pool), and the amount of unfunded committed

capital that would remain following the capital call.106  Exhibit A to the June 2021

capital call evidenced a total remaining commitment of $1.447 billion.107  Before this

103 The parties agreed to reduce Pool IV’s remaining unfunded commitments from the 
initial $1.5 billion to approximately $20 million to be used to cover expenses, 
including the cost of litigating a then-ongoing portfolio company exit.  JX-1061 (LPA 
Am. 20) ¶ 24.  The actual cost of expenses related to that litigation, and what was 
ultimately paid into Pool IV after Amendment 20, totaled around $33.3 million.  
Engels Dep. Tr. at 321:20–322:22.  Adding Rigmora’s share of those costs to the 
amount Rigmora contributed to Pool IV prior to Amendment 20 equals 
$1,333,059,463.85.  See infra § II.A.1.

104 Trial Tr. at 47:10-48:3 (Harrison); JX-230 at 1–2.

105 JX-230 at 4; Trial Tr. at 48:19–50:18 (Harrison).

106 Id.

107 JX-224 at 3.

19

=== page 62 ===
Case 25-12177-LSS    Doc 18    Filed 12/15/25    Page 62 of 124

litigation, no one at Rigmora (including then-CEO Kolonchina, who received these

calls) ever objected to the accounting.108

E. 
Amendment 22 To The Limited Partnership Agreement

Biotech markets retrenched in 2022,109 and Russia invaded the Ukraine early

that year.110  Rigmora’s investment strategy and risk appetite changed after these

events,111 and the parties’ relationship began to strain.112  By 2023, Rigmora had

started conditioning its capital contributions on budget reductions.113  Braeburn had

achieved commercial success.114  The FDA approved Braeburn’s drug Brixadi,

transforming Braeburn into a commercial-stage company with multi-billion dollar

potential.115  In July 2021, Braeburn entered into a royalty purchase agreement with

ATP which gave ATP a license to Braeburn’s IP and the associated royalty

108 Trial Tr. at 48:19–51:1 (Harrison); id. at 474:22–476:10 (Yakovlev) (testifying that 
he was “not . . . aware” of anyone at Rigmora challenging these records)

109 Id. at 382:10–19 (Rybolovlev).

110 Id. at 199:2–3 (Strebulaev).

111 JX-463 at 2–3; Trial Tr. at 51:15–52:12 (Harrison).   At trial, Rybolovlev denied 
that the invasion of Ukraine played a part in Rigmora’s decision making.  Trial Tr. 
at 352:20–353:3 (Rybolovlev).

112 See Trial Tr. at 51:15–52:12 (Harrison).

113 JX-698.

114 PTO ¶¶ 48–50.

115   Id.

20

=== page 63 ===
Case 25-12177-LSS    Doc 18    Filed 12/15/25    Page 63 of 124

payments.116  And Rigmora demanded immediate distributions from Braeburn.117

ATP refused the demand.118

Ultimately, ATP sued in the Cayman Islands to compel Braeburn

distributions.119  In that litigation, Rigmora previewed the defense it would make in

this litigation.  On October 10, 2024, Kolonchina filed an affidavit in the Cayman

court.120  The LPA authorizes the General Partner to request capital calls in “an

amount equal to, but not in excess of” the “Contingent Subscriptions” as that term is

defined in the LPA.121  In an October 10, 2024 affidavit, Kolonchina stated, for the

first time, that Rigmora’s “combined Contingent Subscriptions are US$2.425

billion.”122  Because Rigmora had already funded $2.6 billion, in Rigmora’s view, “it

is therefore impossible” that Rigmora had outstanding Contingent Subscriptions.123

Rigmora did not stand on its newly formed legal defense in the Cayman

litigation but instead agreed to meet its capital obligations.124  The day that she filed

her affidavit, Kolonchina stated in an email to ATP that Rigmora would pay a

116 JX-586 at 2,

117 Trial Tr. at 67:9–68:14 (Harrison); PTO ¶¶ 51, 53.

118 PTO ¶ 52.

119 PTO ¶ 54; Dkt 57 (“Answer”) ¶¶ 98, 100.

120 JX-1002.

121 LPA ¶ 5(a)(i) (emphasis added).

122 JX-1002 ¶¶ 23–26.

123 Id.

124 JX-998 at 1.

21

=== page 64 ===
Case 25-12177-LSS    Doc 18    Filed 12/15/25    Page 64 of 124

pending capital call although it was “not obligated to do so.”125  By October 2024,

Rigmora was explicitly disclaiming any obligation to respond to capital calls for

budgets already approved in writing, insisting that further payments would be made

only “on a voluntary basis.”126

During this time, ATP portfolio companies were nearing the end of their Series

A commitments and initial budgets, making new budgets critical.127

Harrison flew to Monaco and suggested to Rybolovlev that they settle the

Cayman litigation.128  This led to a “couple of days of meetings” where they “agreed

to the basic outline of a settlement in order to continue to work together.”129  On

December 20, 2024, the parties implemented the settlement terms through

Amendment 22 to the LPA.130

Through Amendment 22, Rigmora agreed to “discuss” budgets for ATP

portfolio companies in exchange for distributions from a newly secured Braeburn

royalty valued at approximately $700 million.131  Amendment 22 provides:

125 Id.

126 Id.

127 Trial Tr. at 72:6–73:10 (Harrison).

128 Id. at 68:22–69:1 (Harrison).

129 Id. at 68:24–69:4 (Harrison).

130 See LPA Am. 22 ¶ 26; Trial Tr. at 275:6–21 (Bogdanov).

131   LPA Am. 22 ¶¶21, 26.  By this time, Braeburn was a successful public company 
and the Braeburn royalty reflected the Fund’s share of the company’s cash flows.  
Trial Tr. at 64:18–65:12 (Harrison).  ATP removed the Braeburn royalty from the 
Fund into a separate entity, ATP LLC.  Id.  Amendment 22 allowed Rigmora to 
receive distributions from the Braeburn royalty.  LPA Am. 22 ¶ 21.

22

=== page 65 ===
Case 25-12177-LSS    Doc 18    Filed 12/15/25    Page 65 of 124

From and after the date of [Amendment 22], the General Partner 
and [Rigmora] shall discuss new budgets for the Partnership in 
accordance with the process set forth in this Agreement to allow 
it to invest in Ascidian Therapeutics, Inc., Aulos Bioscience, Inc., 
Nereid Bioscience, Incorporated, Nine Square Therapeutics 
Corporation and Replicate Bioscience, Inc. sufficient amounts to 
enable each of them to operate for a period of twelve months after 
the remaining unfunded amounts, if any, under their respective 
existing approved budgets are expected to have been fully 
utilized . . . .132

Amendment 22 noted, on its face, the projected dates by which each company

would run out of cash: January 2025 for Aulos, February 2025 for Replicate, April

2025 for Nereid, May 2025 for Nine Square, and first quarter 2026 for Ascidian.133

At the same time, Amendments 22 created a “Royalty Financing” contingency.

It stated that  “[i]f any approval of a new budget is given by [Rigmora], such approval

shall be contingent upon at least $300 million being realized (including through

deemed distributions) by [Rigmora] on a sale or financing of its interest in ATP

LLC.”134  Put differently, no budget for entities identified in Amendment 22 would be

approved, and thus subject to capital calls, absent a Royalty Financing.

Harrison expected that the parties would work together to obtain the Royalty

Financing.135  These expectations were consistent with the terms of  Amendment 22,

which mandates that, in pursuing the financing, as well as approving budget

proposals, each party would “do and perform, or cause to be done and performed, all

132 LPA Am. 22 ¶ 26.

133 Id. ¶ 26.

134 Id. ¶ 26 (emphasis added).

135 Trial Tr. at 77:24–78:3 (Harrison).

23

=== page 66 ===
Case 25-12177-LSS    Doc 18    Filed 12/15/25    Page 66 of 124

such further acts and things . . .  as any other party may reasonably request in order

to carry out the intent and accomplish the purposes of this Amendment and the

consummation of the transactions contemplated hereby.”136

F. 
Rigmora’s New Management Shifts Funding Priorities And 
Delays Budget Approvals.

In October 2024, Kolonchina left Rigmora,137 and Rybolovlev promoted Yuri

Bogdanov to CIO and co-CEO.138  Rybolovlev had known Bogdanov for two decades.139

Before Rigmora, Bogdanov had worked for Uralkali in Russia.140  Prior to his

elevation at Rigmora, Bogdanov worked as a special advisor for several years which

entailed giving a “second opinion” and challenging management on investments and

other matters.141  Bogdanov was promoted due to his “general understanding” of

Rigmora’s operations.142  But Rybolovlev identified drawbacks to his elevation.  For

one, “background i[n] auditing” made him “very, very, conservative.”143  Also,

Bogdanov had no prior involvement in the Fund’s company budgets nor any

meaningful exposure to biotech.144

136 LPA Am. 22 ¶ Miscellaneous.

137 Trial Tr. at 378:7–14 (Rybolovlev)

138 Id. at 271:24–272:7 (Bogdanov).

139 Trial Tr. at 273:20–274:1 (Bogdanov).

140 Id.

141 Id. at 272:14–20 (Bogdanov).

142 Rybolovlev Dep. Tr. at 51:5–52:4.

143 Id. at 50:17–51:3.

144 Trial Tr. at 272:8–24, 316:24–13 (Bogdanov).

24

=== page 67 ===
Case 25-12177-LSS    Doc 18    Filed 12/15/25    Page 67 of 124

1. 
Bogdanov Proposes Drastically Reducing Rigmora’s 
Investment In ATP.

Years before his elevation, Bogdanov was working as an investment analyst at

Rigmora and recommended that Rigmora slash its investment in ATP.145  By the fall

of 2022, Rigmora’s investment strategy and macroeconomic trends landed Rigmora

in what Bogdanov described as a “liquidity crisis.”146  To address it, Bogdanov

prepared an internal memorandum proposing a change in investment strategy.147

In the memorandum, Bogdanov observed that “two to three years ago” a crisis

with similar characteristics had been “resolved by liquidating the private equity

portfolio.”148  He warned that Rigmora’s structure, with mainly “venture businesses

(biotech [and] gaming) carries similar risks that had led to the current crisis: poorly

predictable money inflows (divestments) and massive outflows (capital calls), which

will grow exponentially if the divestments are delayed.”149

Bogdanov’s solution was straightforward: “The current cash gap can be closed

by drastic reduction in venture investment (and particularly biotech) and

divestiture.”150 Otherwise, Rigmora would remain trapped in “the same logic of

145 JX-446.

146 Id.; see also Trial Tr. at 352:10–15 (Rybolovlev) (testifying that Rigmora did “not 
like to keep a lot of liquidity on hand” because “the money, whether it’s cash, it has 
to work”).

147 JX-446; see Trial Tr. at 318:2–321:23 (Bogdanov).

148 JX-446 at 1.

149 Id.; Trial Tr. at 320:11–18 (Bogdanov).

150 JX-463 at 2; Trial Tr. at 320:3–7 (Bogdanov).

25

=== page 68 ===
Case 25-12177-LSS    Doc 18    Filed 12/15/25    Page 68 of 124

shifting money from less risk (Private Equity Funds, real estate, boat) to more risky

assets with ‘fire extinguishing’ from time to time” to resolve periodic emergency cash

shortages.151

According to Bogdanov, Rigmora would “most importantly” re-encounter

emergency cash shortages due to “guaranteed obligations on . . . biotech venture

projects.”152  “Biotech ventures” referred to the Fund.153  And although the Fund

could be “a source of capital gains,” it could not “serve as a reliable source of cash for

funding [Rigmora’s] regular needs.”154  If Rigmora were to exit its biotech

investments, it would gain a “buffer” of at least $300 million—enough to mitigate

Rigmora’s liquidity crisis and achieve a “stable position” long term.155  Bogdanov

concluded that the way “to start moving towards the cash buffer” was “to drastically

reduce ATP payments.”156

151 JX-463 at 2; Trial Tr. at 320:19–24 (Bogdanov).

152 JX-440 at 2 (emphasis added).  This email was sent by Bogdanov’s associate, but 
Bogdanov testified that he is “the author.”  Bogdanov Dep. Tr. 162:5–10.

153 Trial Tr. at 320:8–10 (Bogdanov).

154 JX-440 at 2.

155 JX-446 at 1.

156 JX-462 at 2 (emphasis added); Bogdanov Dep. Tr. at 174:14–21.

26

=== page 69 ===
Case 25-12177-LSS    Doc 18    Filed 12/15/25    Page 69 of 124

Bogdanov believed that Rigmora could achieve “drastic” payment reductions

through “tight controls,” including “clear rules for review and approval of new

projects.”157   His “priority number one [was] to create the cash buffer.”158

2. 
Bogdanov Delays Budget Approvals To Reduce Funding 
Commitments.

No one gave Bogdanov any “specific instructions” on his new priorities when

he became CIO and co-CEO in late 2024.159  All indications are that Bogdanov set his

fall 2022 plans in motion and began implementing a shift toward reducing long-term

investments and building a cash buffer by cutting funds to ATP.

Meanwhile, ATP was on the verge of crisis.  That is what prompted Harrison

to make settlement overtures to Rybolovlev, overtures that led to Amendment 22 and

Rigmora’s commitment to discuss new budgets.  And ATP wasted little time after

executing Amendment 22 before sending Rigmora proposed budgets.160

Bogdanov had negotiated Amendment 22 for Rigmora and remained ATP’s

point of contact.161  On December 24, 2024, Harrison emailed Bogdanov budget

requests for:162 Auolos, “align[ing] with management’s recommendation for the

middle scenario of $28M”; Replicate, for “$11M”; and Nine Square, “with a budget

157 JX-462 at 2; Bogdanov Dep. Tr. at 173:16–22.

158 JX-462 at 2.

159 Trial Tr. at 342:20–343:3 (Bogdanov).

160 JX-1079 at 1; Trial Tr. at 79:10–80:5 (Harrison).

161 Trial Tr. at 271:24–272:7, 275:2–5 (Bogdanov).

162 JX-1079 at 1.

27

=== page 70 ===
Case 25-12177-LSS    Doc 18    Filed 12/15/25    Page 70 of 124

request of $15M” (the “Budgeting Requests”).163  Harrison also explained that he had

attached materials concerning budgets for: Nereid, which could merge with

Marlinspike and “utilize Marlinspike’s remaining budget” and therefore required no

additional funds; and Ascidian, which would “require more discussion and time to

understand” due to “contingent variables” expected to “emerge” in the coming year.164

Harrison provided a spreadsheet showing “expected tranching by quarter for

2025,” plus access to data rooms with “supporting materials for the new budgets.”165

ATP had not historically provided this level of information when requesting budget

approval.166  Harrison testified at trial that ATP provided this information “to make

sure [Rigmora] understood that after the settlement agreement we were being

radically transparent.”167  Bogdanov forwarded Harrison’s email to Rigmora’s

analyst, Zufar Iskhakov, exclaiming “Let’s start.  Merry Christmas!”168  This seems

like a positive response.  Yet Bogdanov testified in deposition that he did not mean

“let’s start approving budgets.”169  And events that followed seem to suggest that he

meant “let’s start” imposing “tight controls.”

163 Id.

164 Id.

165 Id.

166 Trial Tr. at 80:18–81:7 (Harrison).

167 Trial Tr. at 128:6–9 (Harrison).

168 JX-1079 at 1.

169 Bogdanov Dep. Tr. at 228:13–15.

28

=== page 71 ===
Case 25-12177-LSS    Doc 18    Filed 12/15/25    Page 71 of 124

Bogdanov prioritized Replicate, which Harrison had warned would “run out of

cash by the third week of January.”170  Over the holidays, Bogdanov’s team prepared

a “list of the follow-up diligence questions,”171 which Bogdanov sent to Harrison.172

Bogdanov testified that this was appropriate.  He characterized the list as

“basic diligence questions on the company's past performance” and “how the company

executed its original plan.”173  The questions determine the “most important

indicators before [] mak[ing] any decision on the new budget.”174

Harrison, on the other hand, viewed Bogdanov’s diligence questions as

bizarre.175  As he testified, Rigmora “already knew about” Replicate and had

“approved the budget[.]”176  Replicate had pivoted “from oncology to a rabies vaccine

over the course of the fund’s investment.”177  As Harrison explained: “this is a

company that we founded I think in 2021 and on which we’d reported extensively,

were the sole owner, and we had many, many, many conversations about with

[Rybolovlev].”178

170 Trial Tr. at 291:11–16 (Bogdanov).

171 Id. 291:17–20 (Bogdanov).

172 JX-1107 at 1–5.

173 Trial Tr. at 292:1–8 (Bogdanov).

174 Id. at 292:9–15 (Bogdanov).

175 Trial Tr. at 129:3–5 (Harrison).

176 Id.

177 Id. at 128:19–23 (Harrison); JX-1107 at 3.

178 Trial Tr. at 82:23–83:3 (Harrison).

29

=== page 72 ===
Case 25-12177-LSS    Doc 18    Filed 12/15/25    Page 72 of 124

Rigmora’s diligence requests ignored this history.  Some of the requests were

open-ended, seeking, for example, narratives explaining whether Replicate had “lost

its differentiation,” and how its “technology evolved over the past four years compared

to its main peers.”179  When confronted on cross-examination about whether he knew

if his diligence questions could “be answered in a reasonable amount of time,”

Bogdanov admitted: “I didn’t know.”180

Rigmora ultimately approved Replicate’s budget.181  But the budgeting

experience for Replicate marked a departure from the parties’ historically

collaborative approach over the Fund’s twelve-year history and, in that way, foretold

events to come.

3. 
To Move Forward, Harrison Proposes Reallocating 
Committed Funds To Clinical-Stage Companies.

Additional meetings occurred in March 2025 in Monaco to discuss the

budgeting efforts contemplated by Amendment 22, including Aulos, Ascidian, and

Marengo.182  Bogdanov continued to issue requests for extensive information in

connection with the budgeting process.183  And ATP continued responding to those

requests.184  The senior management teams for those budgets under review flew

179 Id. at 130:4–16 (Harrison); JX-1107 at 3.

180 Id. at 328:17–329:1 (Bogdanov).

181 Id. at 87:4–17 (Harrison); id. at 295:13–18 (Bogdanov).

182 Id. at 92:15–18 (Harrison).

183 Id. at 293:3–19 (Bogdanov).

184 Id. at 94:5–24 (Harrison); JX-1222 at 1.

30

=== page 73 ===
Case 25-12177-LSS    Doc 18    Filed 12/15/25    Page 73 of 124

overseas, as did consultant Bill Grossman, whom ATP engaged for Bogdanov’s and

Rybolovlev’s benefit.185

The Monaco meetings, however, did not result in approved budgets for Aulos,

Ascidian, or Marengo.186   Nor had Rigmora made any progress toward Royalty

Financing.187  With the understanding that the only capital the Fund would receive

from Rigmora would be capital called within approved budgets, Harrison proposed as

a compromise that the parties reallocate funding to “move some of the clinical projects

along.”188  He proposed reallocating some of the approved budget amounts from the

preclinical companies to clinical companies.189

Harrison put the reallocation proposal forward although he believed that the

preclinical projects had value.190  He engaged Rigmora to “attempt to minimize any

need for near-term cash funding.”191  He sought to neutralize Rigmora’s “incessant

refrain that it faced cash flow issues and that it either could not, or would not, meet

the funding needs of the Pool V-1 and V-2 portfolio companies.”192

185 Trial Tr. at 95:1–18 (Harrison).  Grossman assessed courses of action for Aulos.  
Id. at 95:19–96:6.  Eventually, Rybolovlev deferred to Harrison’s expertise before 
agreeing, in Harrison’s words, “we should do Aulos.” Id. at 95:24–97:15 (Harrison).

186 Id. at 97:16–18 (Harrison).

187 Id. at 98:1–12 (Harrison).

188 Id. at 97:19–98:20 (Harrison).

189 Id. at 98:21–99:2 (Harrison).

190 Id. at 101:19–102:7 (Harrison).

191 JX-1336 at 1.

192 Id.

31

=== page 74 ===
Case 25-12177-LSS    Doc 18    Filed 12/15/25    Page 74 of 124

4. 
In Response To A Hostile Reaction From Rigmora, 
Harrison Withdraws The Reallocation Proposal.

Rigmora did not agree to Harrison’s reallocation proposal.193  At first, Rigmora

seemed receptive to the approach.  On May 9, Harrison held a Zoom call with

Bogdanov, Rybolovlev, and Anna Batarina, an ATP partner.194  At this meeting

Harrison provided a brief introduction and then offered a more formal

presentation.195  In response, Bogdanov and Rybolovlev said that a presentation

would be unnecessary because it is moving in the right direction, and the next step

would be to speak with Rigmora’s lawyers.196

Harrison spoke with Rigmora’s lawyers on May 12, 2025.197  Harrison

characterized the call as an “ambush.”198  In his view, the lawyers distorted the

purpose and meaning behind his reallocation proposal, saying to Harrison “it’s

obvious that you think the preclinical companies are worthless, otherwise why would

you have proposed this reallocation.”199  Harrison withdrew the proposal during the

May 12 call.200

193 Trial Tr. at 99:3–6 (Harrison).

194 Id. at 47:20–23, 99:7–15 (Harrison).

195 Id.

196 Id.

197 Id. at 99:8–100:8 (Harrison).

198 Id. at 100:18–21 (Harrison).

199 Id. at 101:2–12 (Harrison).

200 Id. at 305:2–20 (Bogdanov).

32

=== page 75 ===
Case 25-12177-LSS    Doc 18    Filed 12/15/25    Page 75 of 124

G. 
Rigmora Disclaims Any Outstanding Capital Commitments To 
ATP.

Rigmora ratcheted up the parties’ level of conflict further on May 15, 2025,

when Bogdanov emailed ATP an alarming communication (the “May 15 Email”).201

In the email, Bogdanov declared that the Fund should cease further funding of

seven preclinical companies, which he referred to as the “Early-Stage Companies,”

and which all had approved yet unspent budgets.202  He claimed those companies had

“no way for a path to commercial success,” had “failed to meet the milestones set out

in the investment memoranda on which [Rigmora’s] initial funding was premised,”

and there was “no third party interest.”203  In describing the companies as dead-ends,

the May 15 Email contorted the purpose of Harrison’s reallocation proposal,

misstating that Harrison “hold[s] a similar view” that “further funding of those Early-

Stage Companies will waste the ATP Fund’s assets.”204

Although Rigmora had already approved budgets for the preclinical companies,

Bogdanov invited a “detailed explanation” of why, despite the companies’ supposed

unworthiness, Rigmora should “contribute further capital” to the preclinical

companies.205  Bogdanov stated Rigmora’s intent to “comply” with the LPA but

201 JX-1319 at 1.

202 Id.

203 Id.

204 Id.

205 Id.

33

=== page 76 ===
Case 25-12177-LSS    Doc 18    Filed 12/15/25    Page 76 of 124

conditioned its cooperation on whether ATP could “demonstrate that the LPA allows”

ATP to call further capital.206

And although the parties had just spent months discussing budgets for the four

clinical-stage companies, and ATP had called capital for those companies on

December 24, 2024, Bogdanov conditioned any further funding for those companies

on ATP’s agreement to “wind down or liquidate the Early-Stage Companies.”207

Bogdanov gave ATP an ultimatum: liquidate the preclinical companies with

already approved budgets to obtain funding for companies during clinical trials.

Rigmora stated that it would not even “consider” the budgets for clinical-stage

companies until ATP agreed to release Rigmora from its obligations to meet capital

calls for already-approved budgets and abandon existing investments through

liquidation or wind down.

The May 15 Email demanded “objective information” to “facilitate the

discussion” of any “new budgets”— ignoring the past five months’ of data and erecting

new hoops for ATP to jump through.208

206 Id.

207 Id. Bogdanov did not address the two preclinical companies Nereid and Nine 
Square that had already expended their initial Series A funding.  See id.

208 Id.

34

=== page 77 ===
Case 25-12177-LSS    Doc 18    Filed 12/15/25    Page 77 of 124

In the penultimate sentence, the May 15 Email stated that Rigmora did “not

presently have any outstanding capital commitments to ATP Fund and therefore has

full discretion on whether to agree to fund any new investment proposals.”209

H. 
ATP Calls Six Months Of Capital.

The May 15 Email ultimatum left ATP with very few options.  ATP decided to

lean on its contractual rights.  On May 30 and June 1, the GP called $87.76 million

in capital needed to maintain six months of research activity for ten companies—the

seven preclinical companies as well as Replicate, Marengo, and Ascidian—and

$19,371,099 in ATLS Fees and partnership expenses (the “Capital Calls”).210  The

capital called and unfunded approved budgets are below:

209 Id. (emphasis added).

210 See JX-1387 at 1; JX-1388 at 1; JX-1390 at 1; JX-1391 at 1; JX-1393 at 1; JX-1394 
at 1; JX-1395 at 1; JX-1396 at 1; JX-1397 at 1; JX-1398 at 1; JX-1415 at 1; see also 
Trial Tr. at 110:8–21 (Harrison) (testifying that the figures were keyed to estimates 
for six months of budgets, with the goal of permitting company survival and 
“following forward on . . . research plans”); id. at 392:8–11 (Rybolovlev) (corroborating 
Harrison’s view that six-months’ worth of money permits a company’s “normal 
functioning”).

35

=== page 78 ===
Case 25-12177-LSS    Doc 18    Filed 12/15/25    Page 78 of 124

Unfunded

Company 
Pool 
Capital Called

Approved 
Budget211 
Aethon 
ATP V-2 
$5,000,000 
$8,000,000 
Apertor 
ATP V-2 
$7,100,000 
$19,400,000 
Ascidian 
ATP V-3 
$6,000,000 
$6,000,000 
Deep Apple 
ATP V-2 
$9,000,000 
$9,000,000 
Evercrisp 
ATP V-2 
$7,000,000 
$49,000,000 
Initial 
ATP V-1 
$7,000,000 
$19,880,000 
Marengo 
ATP V-3 
$29,960,000 
$29,960,000 
Marlinspike 
ATP V-2 
$6,300,000 
$36,275,000 
Red Queen 
ATP V-2 
$6,400,000 
$23,600,000 
Replicate 
ATP V-2 
$4,000,000 
$13,000,000 
TOTAL: $87,760,000 
$214,170,000

Except for Replicate, for which the GP issued a revised capital call on June 1,

2025, the Capital Calls were due on June 13.212  The revised Replicate capital call

was due June 16, 2025.213  ATP issued Default Notices on June 17, 2025.214 With

ATLS Fees and the June 1 revision, the Capital Calls totaled $101,103,759.  Rigmora

has never contributed capital in response to any of the Capital Calls.215

I. 
 ATP Files This Litigation.

Concurrently with sending the May 30 capital calls, ATP filed this suit.216  The

Verified Complaint (the “Complaint”) asserts five Counts.

• 
In Count I, ATP claims that Rigmora breached the LPA and 
Amendments 17, 18, and 20 to the LPA, by refusing to engage in

211 JX-1622.

212 See JX-1387 at 1; JX-1388 at 1; JX-1390 at 1; JX-1391 at 1; JX-1393 at 1; JX-1394 
at 1; JX-1395 at 1; JX-1396 at 1; JX-1397 at 1; JX-1398 at 1; JX-1415 at 1.

213 JX-1415 at 1.

214 See, e.g., JX-1620.

215 PTO ¶ 78.

216 Dkt. 1, Verified Complaint (“Compl.”) ¶¶ 23, 183–196.

36

=== page 79 ===
Case 25-12177-LSS    Doc 18    Filed 12/15/25    Page 79 of 124

substantive discussions of new budgets, imposing improper conditions 
to the occurrence of budget discussions, and repudiating any obligation 
to consider new budgets.

• 
In Count II, ATP claims that Rigmora breached or repudiated its 
obligations under the LPA to fund capital calls made consistent with the 
budgets it approved.

• 
In Count III, ATP claims that Rigmora breached its implied obligations 
under Cayman law to act rationally and in good faith in exercising 
discretionary rights (absent clear language to the contrary) by refusing 
to consider requests for new budgets for the Fund’s clinical-stage 
portfolio companies.

• 
In Count IV, ATP seeks a declaration that the Global Default Provisions 
of the LPA warrant a Global Default penalty on Rigmora—not on a 
project-by-project or pool-by-pool basis, but across all of the Limited 
Partner’s interests in the Fund.

• 
In Count V, ATP seeks a declaration that the Fund is entitled to 
exculpation, under Paragraph 2(g) of the LPA, for filing this action.

ATP moved to expedite proceedings due to the impending shutdown of several

of the affected portfolio companies for lack of funding.217  The court granted the

motion to expedite over Rigmora’s opposition and scheduled trial for September.218

J. 
Rigmora Files Competing Litigation In The Cayman Islands.

On June 2, Rigmora filed a Writ of Summons against ATP in the Grand Court

of the Cayman Islands.219  Rigmora resurrected its argument debuted in the prior

Cayman litigation—that Rigmora committed $2.425 billion in Contingent

Subscription, Rigmora has already made capital commitments in excess of that

amount, and thus Rigmora is not required to fund any further capital calls under the

217 Dkt. 1, Pl.’s Mot. to Expedite Proceedings ¶ 1.

218 Dkt. 31; Dkt. 39 at 43:8–22.

219 PTO ¶ 11.

37

=== page 80 ===
Case 25-12177-LSS    Doc 18    Filed 12/15/25    Page 80 of 124

LPA.220  Four days later, Rigmora filed a Winding Up Petition against ATP in the

same court (together with the Writ of Summons, the “Cayman Litigation”).221

Rigmora argued that it had lost trust and confidence in ATP due to ATP’s

“mismanagement and lack of probity[.]”222  And Rigmora sought to accomplish

through the Cayman court what Bogdanov had unilaterally demanded in the May 15

Email—a liquidation.

K. 
Forum Jockeying Ensues.

Through motion practice in the competing lawsuits, the parties fought bitterly

over the dominance of their preferred forums.  On June 9, 2025, Rigmora moved to

dismiss ATP’s claims and a motion to stay this proceeding pending the resolution of

the Cayman Litigation.  Three days later, Rigmora filed an ex parte summons in the

Cayman Litigation seeking an injunction barring ATP from declaring Rigmora in

default of the LPA or issuing any further capital calls.223  ATP responded by moving

to stay the Cayman Litigation.224

This court denied Rigmora’s motion to dismiss or stay these proceedings,

concluding that its motion relied on convenience defenses that it waived in the LPA,

and that ATP’s allegations supported a finding of irreparable harm to multiple

220 JX-1416 ¶¶ 4–5.

221 PTO ¶ 11.

222 JX-1417 ¶ 4.

223 JX-1434.

224 JX-1446.

38

=== page 81 ===
Case 25-12177-LSS    Doc 18    Filed 12/15/25    Page 81 of 124

Delaware entities absent expedition.225  The Cayman court entered Rigmora’s

requested injunction and scheduled trial for January 2026 (the “Writ Injunction”).226

And ATP withdrew its motion to stay the Cayman Litigation.227

The parties began a sprint to trial in both fora.228  The parties engaged in

further motion practice in these proceedings, filing a combined five motions to compel

in one month.229  This court continued the September trial to October based on

Rigmora’s claim that ATP’s late-produced documents prejudiced its ability to prepare

for trial.230  When seeking a continuance, Rigmora stated that its trial team “may not

be able to review [the documents] in time to integrate them into their preparations

for the trial[,]” and that “[t]here’s no question that there’s been actual prejudice” to

Rigmora.231

Rigmora used its newfound time secured by the continuance to return to the

forum fight.  Rigmora filed an emergency motion in the Cayman court based on the

late-produced documents, seeking the appointment of provisional liquidators to take

225 Dkt. 56 at 51:10–52:18.  The LPA contains provisions (i) selecting both Delaware 
and the Cayman Islands as the exclusive forums for related suits, and (ii) waiving all 
venue and forum non conveniens defenses as to suits filed in Delaware or the Cayman 
Islands.

226 JX-1439 ¶¶ 1–2; JX-1446.

227 JX-1533 ¶ 5.

228 Id. ¶¶ 6, 16.

229 See Dkts. 92, 113, 141, 143, 186.

230 Dkt. 225.

231 Dkt. 215 ¶ 7; Dkt. 238 at 13:3–4.

39

=== page 82 ===
Case 25-12177-LSS    Doc 18    Filed 12/15/25    Page 82 of 124

control of the Fund.232  The Cayman court scheduled a hearing on the emergency

motion for October 31.233

ATP responded to Rigmora’s new advances in the Cayman Litigation by

petitioning this court for an emergency status quo order that would prevent Rigmora

from pursuing relief in the Cayman court pending resolution of this action.234  After

an initial hearing on the motion for a status quo order,235 Rigmora agreed not to

pursue a hearing on the emergency application in the Cayman court before October

31 and would provide notice to this court of any change in position.236  The parties

ultimately reached a resolution on the status quo order that involved Rigmora

withdrawing its emergency application in the Cayman Litigation. 237

The court held a two-day trial from October 16, 2025 through October 17,

2025.238  The parties completed post-trial briefing on November 12, 2025, presented

post-trial arguments on November 21, 2025, and submitted the Schedule of Evidence

on December 3, 2025.239

232 Dkt. 232 (Pl.’s Mot. for Status Quo Order Br.) at 5–6.

233 Id. at 3.

234 Id.

235 Dkt. 261.

236 Dkt. 267 at 7:13–8:13.

237 Dkt. 267 at 7:13–8:13.

238 Dkt. 259.

239 Dkt. 265 (ATP Post-Trial Opening Br.); Dkt. 262 (Rigmora Post-Trial Br.); Dkt. 
272 (“ATP Post-Trial Reply Br.”); Dkt. 282 (Schedule of Evidence).

40

=== page 83 ===
Case 25-12177-LSS    Doc 18    Filed 12/15/25    Page 83 of 124

L. 
The Current Status Of The Portfolio Companies

The Capital Calls and Budgeting Requests affect 13 portfolio companies—nine

preclinical and four in clinical trials.240

The eight preclinical companies—Aethon, Apertor, Deep Apple, Evercrisp,

Initial, Marlinspike, Nine Square, and Red Queen—have shown merit in addressing

a major unmet therapeutic need.  In some instances, initial research and data

provided pivot points for the preclinical companies to refocus their efforts on

unexpected, more fruitful avenues.  ATP personnel, including Harrison and Venture

Partner Spiros Liras, Ph.D., testified to these facts, which were further expounded

upon by ATP’s expert, Robbins Dr. Mark Robbins, Ph.D, J.D.,241 whose analysis of

the preclinical companies, individually and in aggregate, indicated “significant

240 See JX-1390 (Aethon May 30 Capital Call); JX-1391 (Apertor May 30 Capital Call); 
JX-1393 (Deep Apple May 30 Capital Call); JX-1394 (Evercrisp May 30 Capital Call); 
JX-1395 (Initial May 30 Capital Call); JX-1397 (Marlinspike May 30 Capital Call); 
JX-1398 (Red Queen May 30 Capital Call); JX-1387 (Ascidian May 30 Capital Call); 
JX-1396 (Marengo May 30 Capital Call); JX-1415 (Replicate June Capital Call).  To 
recap, ATP initially sent a capital call for Replicate on May 30, 2025 for $13 million 
(JX-1399), but it later issued a revised and superseding capital call for $4 million on 
June 1.  JX-1415.  ATP sent the Budgeting Requests for Replicate, Ascidian, Aulos, 
and Nine Square to Rigmora in a December 24, 2024 email.  JX-1079.  ATP never 
sent Rigmora a formal Budgeting Request to increase Marengo’s budget.  Marengo’s 
management first sought additional money from the Fund in its presentation to 
Rybolovlev and Bogdanov in Monaco on March 12, 2025.  JX-1222, at 147.  They 
requested the Fund commit an additional $75 million to Marengo above what it had 
already budgeted for the company.  Id.  But Rigmora did not approve the request 
coming out of the Monaco meetings.  Trial Tr. at 97:16-18 (Harrison).  Later, on May 
19, four days after Bogdanov refused to provide further funding or consider additional 
budgets unless certain “Early Stage Companies” were wound down, ATP asked 
Rigmora to discuss (in good faith) and approve a new budget for Marengo.  JX-1349.  
ATP then estimated Marengo’s additional funding needs to be $63 million.  Id.

241 See, e.g., Trial Tr. at 74:13–20 (Harrison); id. at 246:23–247:16 (Liras).

41

=== page 84 ===
Case 25-12177-LSS    Doc 18    Filed 12/15/25    Page 84 of 124

scientific and clinical potential.”242  ATP offered Robbins as an expert on

pharmaceutical and biotechnology industry custom and practice to evaluate the

scientific and clinical potential of the treatments being developed by the Portfolio

Companies.

The four companies in clinical trials—Aulos, Ascidian, Marengo, and

Replicate—are similarly promising.243  ATP has placed each under the direction of a

talented group of founders and leaders, including past biotech CEOs who have sold

their companies to pharma giants like Bristol Myers Squibb and Amgen for billions

of dollars,244 holders of several patents,245 and seasoned pharma executives and

scientific leaders.246  The clinical stage companies are all currently engaged in active

clinical trials247 and have generated interest from potential third-party

collaborators.248

The negative impacts of a funding default for early-stage life sciences

companies are severe.  These impacts include “[t]alent loss,” “[d]elayed, abandoned,

242 JX-1573 (Robbins Opening) ¶¶ 23(iv), 38; Trial Tr. at 183:13–23 (Robbins).

243 Robbins Report ¶¶ 15, 124–159,

244 Id. ¶ 125.

245 Id. ¶¶ 133–134.

246 Id. ¶ 155.

247 Id. ¶¶ 126–128; 137–142; 149–150; 157.

248 Id. ¶ 131 (Aulos’ developing partnerships with Pfizer, Regeneron), ¶ 143 
(Replicate’s partnership with leading Brazilian pharma company, and negotiations 
with Novo Nordisk), ¶ 152 (Marengo in partnerships with Ipsen and Gilead), ¶ 158 
(Ascidian partnership with Roche, and discussions with Lilly, Regeneron, and Bayer).

42

=== page 85 ===
Case 25-12177-LSS    Doc 18    Filed 12/15/25    Page 85 of 124

disrupted R&D,” [d]ifficulty in restarting halted or delayed [] trials,” “[d]ifficulty

attracting future investments or partners, and [n]egative market perception in

general.”249  The sudden discontinuation of funding can lead creditors to trigger

bankruptcy proceedings and force a sale of the companies for “a fraction of their

actual value.”250

ATP has kept the affected portfolio companies alive during this litigation by

scaling down operations with the goal of preserving “critical projects” and “key

employees,” and trying to operate with a skeleton crew without destroying the

company.251 This has involved “mov[ing] companies [] out of facilities, heavy

negotiations with landlords, sales of capital equipment, consolidations, reduction of

research programs,” and terminating approximately 70% of employees across all

companies.252  One company has been forced to cede platform technology back to the

source institution.253  Despite entering survival mode at great expense to the

companies, ATP does not “believe [the creditors] will hold off for much longer” and

that the Fund is “likely to lose the assets.”254

249 JX-1572 (“Rao Report”) ¶ 67; see also Trial Tr. at 60:19–61:10 (Harrison); id. at 
165:5–21 (Yanchik).

250 Robbins Report ¶ 162; see also Trial Tr. at 165:17–21 (Yanchik).

251 Trial Tr. at 113:14–114:12 (Harrison); id. at 163:21–23 (Yanchik); id. at 266:3–7 
(Liras).

252 Id. at 113:14–20 (Harrison); id. at 162:23–163:6 (Yanchik).

253 Id. at 113:21–114:1 (Harrison).

254 Id. at 163:3–6, 165:17–21 (Yanchik).

43

=== page 86 ===
Case 25-12177-LSS    Doc 18    Filed 12/15/25    Page 86 of 124

Operationally, the companies are in a form of “stasis” and could be revived

upon receipt of funding.255  But the window for revival is closing, because “whenever

you stop a research organization, it starts to deteriorate.”256

II. 
LEGAL ANALYSIS

In the Pretrial Order and in post-trial briefing, the parties narrowed their

disputes to four issues.  First, is ATP entitled to specific performance of the Capital

Calls under the LPA?  Second, did Rigmora breach a duty, implied by common law,

to exercise its discretion to approve budgets in good faith?257  Third, is ATP entitled

to a declaration that it did not violate the LPA by bringing this action or that Rigmora

is a Defaulting Partner as defined in the LPA?  Fourth, is ATP entitled to attorney’s

fees and expenses incurred in connection with this lawsuit?  ATP bears the burden of

proof on each of its claims.258

A. 
Capital Calls

The parties’ dispute over the Capital Calls centers on two parts of

Paragraph 5(a) of the LPA:  Paragraph 5(a)(i), which allows the GP to call capital in

amounts up to but not “in excess of” the Limited Partners “Contingent

255 Id. at 163:17–165:4 (Yanchik); see also id. at 114:2–12 (Harrison).

256 Id. at 164:18–167:2 (Yanchik).

257 In the Pre-Trial Order, ATP sought a declaration that Rigmora waived or 
otherwise forfeited its voting and budget approval rights, but dropped this request 
after trial. See generally Dkt. 265 (“ATP Post-Trial Opening Br.”).

258 See AB Stable VIII LLC v. Maps Hotels & Resorts One LLC, 2020 WL 7024929, at 
*49 (Del. Ch. Nov. 30, 2020), aff’d, 268 A.3d 198 (Del. 2021).

44

=== page 87 ===
Case 25-12177-LSS    Doc 18    Filed 12/15/25    Page 87 of 124

Subscriptions”;259 and Paragraph 5(a)(ii), which requires that any capital call be for

a purpose stated in the LPA.260  The parties’ competing positions raise two sets of

issues: Under Paragraph 5(a)(i), were the Capital Calls in excess of Rigmora’s

unfunded Contingent Subscriptions?  Under Paragraph 5(a)(ii), were the Capital

Calls for contractually specified purposes?  If the first set of issues go ATP’s way, the

court must also determine whether ATP is entitled to specific performance of the

Capital Calls.  To obtain specific performance, ATP bears the burden of showing the

existence of terms that it seeks to enforce by clear and convincing evidence.261

This contract analysis is governed by Cayman law, consistent with the LPA.262

The parties dispute the LPA’s meaning.  Under Cayman law, a court interprets a

written contract according to “the intention of the parties by reference to what a

reasonable person having all the background knowledge which would have been

available to the parties would have understood them to be using the language in the

259 LPA ¶ 5(a)(i).

260 LPA ¶ 5(a)(ii).

261 Which party bears the burden of proof is a procedural question governed by 
Delaware law, but the nature of the burden is arguably a substantive issue governed 
by Cayman law.  See In re IBP, Inc. S’holder Litig., 789 A.2d 14, 53 (Del. Ch. 2001).  
Yet Rigmora cited Delaware law on the nature of the burden.  See Rigmora Post-Trial 
Br. at 29 (citing Vill. Prac. Mgmt. Co. v. West, 342 A.3d 295, 321 (Del. 2025)).  And 
ATP did not brief it, so this decision applies Delaware law.

262 LPA ¶ 18(g)(i) (stating that the “terms and provisions” of the LPA “shall be 
construed under the laws of the Cayman Islands”); PTO ¶ 25.  The elements to prove 
a breach are: (1) a valid contract, (2) a breach of that contract, and (3) damages arising 
from the breach.   JX-1588 (“Phillips Report”) ¶ 56 (citing Chitty on Contracts at [4-
001] (35th ed. 2024); accord Kuroda v. SPJS Hldgs., 971 A.2d 872, 883 (Del. Ch. 2009) 
(reciting the same elements for a claim of breach of contract under Delaware law)).

45

=== page 88 ===
Case 25-12177-LSS    Doc 18    Filed 12/15/25    Page 88 of 124

context to mean.”263   The goal is to “ascertain the objective meaning of the language

which the parties have chosen to express their agreement.”264  The court employs “an

iterative process by which each suggested interpretation is checked against the

provisions of the contract and its commercial consequences are investigated.”265  But

“[c]ommercial common sense is only relevant to the extent of how matters would or

could have been perceived by the parties, or by reasonable people in the position of

the parties, as at the date that the contract was made.”266

1. 
Paragraph 5(a)(i) – Funding Commitments

Rigmora argues that Rigmora has committed $2.45 billion on an aggregate

basis as the Contingent Subscription and contributed $2.69 billion, and that the

Capital Calls are thus necessarily “in excess of” the Contingent Subscription.267  ATP

argues that Rigmora made over $545.5 million in unfunded commitments to the pools

and over $2.85 billion in total commitments across all pools, leaving head room for

the Capital Calls.  ATP also argues that Rigmora’s $2.69 billion calculation double-

counted pools of funds that were transferred or reallocated, such that Rigmora’s

263 Bloch Report ¶ 23 (quoting Arnold v. Britton, [2015] UKSC 36 at [15]).

264 Bloch Report ¶ 23 (quoting Wood v. Capita [2017] UKSC 24 at [10]); Phillips Report 
¶ 61 (same).

265 Bloch Report ¶ 25 (citing Wood, [2017] UKSC 24 at [12]).

266 Bloch Report ¶ 24 (citing Arnold, [2015] UKSC at [19]; see also Phillips Report 
¶ 60 (also citing Arnold, [2015] UKSC at [15], [17]–[21]).

267 See Rigmora Post-Trial Br. at 32, 38–40.

46

=== page 89 ===
Case 25-12177-LSS    Doc 18    Filed 12/15/25    Page 89 of 124

actual contribution is $2.3 billion.  In all events, therefore, there is head room to meet

the Capital Calls.268

The parties’ dispute on the meaning and application of Paragraph 5(a)(i) thus

raises three sub-issues:  What is the Contingent Subscription amount, $2.425 billion

as Rigmora contends or over $2.85 billion as ATP argues?  What has Rigmora

contributed to date, $2.65 billion as Rigmora contends or $2.3 billion as ATP argues?

And do the Capital Calls of $101,103,759 fall within any delta between the

Contingent Subscription and Rigmora’s contributions?

a. 
Rigmora’s Contingent Subscription is $2.425 billion.

The parties dispute both how to calculate the Contingent Subscription (in the

aggregate by Limited Partner or pool-by-pool) and Rigmora’s total commitments.  The

threshold issue concerning how to calculate the Contingent Subscription is largely

beside the point because ATP has not proven that Rigmora committed over $2.85

billion.269  ATP reaches the $2.85 billion by adding and deducting the amounts

reflected in Amendment 20 to the $2.425 in subscription agreements.

268 ATP Post-Trial Opening Br. at 8–9, 54–58; ATP Post-Trial Reply Br. at 13–14.

269 It bears noting that Amendment 13 to the LPA seems to mandate a pool-by-pool 
approach.  Under the heading “Separate Pools,” it provided that “all of the 
Partnership’s assets and liabilities shall be divided into two separate pools” and 
“separate and distinct records shall be maintained for each Pool, and capital 
contributions, distributions, income, gains, losses and expenses shall also be 
accounted on a Pool-by-Pool basis.”  JX-15 (“LPA Am. 13”) ¶ 17(a) (emphasis added).  
ATP satisfied its obligation to track the Contingent Subscription amount on a Pool-
by-Pool basis by circulating a detailed “tracker” of funded and unfunded 
commitments each time it issued a capital call.  See, e.g., JX-230; see also Trial Tr. at 
48:19–49:21 (Harrison).

47

=== page 90 ===
Case 25-12177-LSS    Doc 18    Filed 12/15/25    Page 90 of 124

Broken down by Pool, beginning with Pool IV, recall that the parties initially

contributed $1.5 billion to Pool IV and Rigmora contributed $1.425 billion of that

amount.270  In Amendment 20, the parties agreed to reduce the Pool IV commitment

to the amount already contributed, plus expenses.271  By Amendment 20, Rigmora

had contributed $1,299,840.047.14 to Pool IV.272  The parties originally anticipated

$20 million in expenses but ultimately incurred around $33,351,890.42.273  Adding

270   See PTO ¶¶ 26–27; JX-212 at 19 (Blue Horizon $698,250,000 subscription); JX-
213 at 19 (Ezbon $726,750,000); JX-216 at 18 (Harrison $75 million subscription); JX-
1, Sch. D.

271 LPA Am. 20 ¶ 24.

272 See JX-221, Tab “Capital Contributions – ATP IV,” Cells D163, E163 (stating 
Ezbon and Blue Horizon contributed $662,918,351.14 and $636,921,696.00 to ATP IV 
respectively, which combined equals $1,299,840.047.14).

273 It was $33,351,890.42 and Rigmora’s 99.6028% of that amount was 
$33,219,416.71.  See JX-224 at 3 (capital call for $320,590 of expenses for Pool IV); 
JX-382, at 3 (capital call of 4,749,982.91 in expenses for Pool IV); JX-318, at 3 (capital 
call for $1,960,789.97 in expenses for Pool IV); JX-487 at 3 (capital call for 
$8,435,798.52 in expenses for Pool IV); JX-568 at 3 (capital call for $4,000,000 in 
expenses for Pool IV); JX-585 at 3 (capital call for $280,790.62 in expenses for Pool 
IV); JX-609 at 3 (capital call for $5,000,000 in expenses for Pool IV); JX-652 at 3 
(capital call for $5,200,000 in expenses for Pool IV); JX-718 at 3 (capital call for 
$1,500,000 in expenses for Pool IV); JX-740 at 3 (capital call for $ 368,717.64 in 
expenses for Pool IV); JX-823 at 3 (capital call for $874,363.01 in expenses for Pool 
IV); JX-878 at 3 (capital call for $299,903.33 in expenses for Pool IV); JX-1185 at 3 
(capital call for $24,533.02 in expenses for Pool IV).  The limited partners also 
received two capital calls in December 2024 seeking funds relating to the ATLS Fee 
for the first half of 2025, partnership expenses for the second half of 2024, and the 
2024 ATVM management fee.  JX-1075 at 3; JX-1086 at 5.  The calls sought 
$375,354.80 from Pool IV and about $15 million across all pools.  See id.  Rigmora 
initially refused to fund those calls.  JX-1085.  ATP later discovered that it 
overcharged the ATLS Fee due to an accounting error and it returned $599,225.46.  
JX-1172.  It is unclear how that refund was allocated across the various pools, but 
later records indicate that the December calls were reconciled to $336,502.41 for Pool 
IV.  See JX-1237, Tab “Pool V-4 Total,” Cell E152.

48

=== page 91 ===
Case 25-12177-LSS    Doc 18    Filed 12/15/25    Page 91 of 124

Rigmora’s share of the fee to the amount contributed by Rigmora equals

$1,333,059,463.85.

Pools V-1 and V-2 are straightforward.  Rigmora contributed $1,000,000,000

to Pools V-1 and V-2 in September 2020 in connection with Amendment 17.274

Pool V-3 requires some math.  According to ATP, Rigmora contribute $310

million to Pool V-3 through Amendment 20.  ATP relies on new Paragraph 22(b) of

Amendment 20, which provides that:

ATP V-3 shall have capital commitments of $500,000,000, 
including without limitation (i) the $189,500,000 of capital 
deemed to have been contributed as provided below, (ii) the 
$70,853,399 of capital comprising the Prior Budgeted ATP 
V-3 Follow-on Investments and (iii) approximately 
$235,000,000 in investments anticipated to be made in new 
Portfolio Companies . . . .275

This language does not expressly reflect an additional $310 million capital

commitment.  To reach $310 million, ATP subtracts the “deemed” contributions of

$189,544,660 from the total commitment of $500 million.276  ATP ignores the

$70,853,399 in previously approved unfunded budgets for Pool V-3 companies and

$235 million, which add up to $305.9 million, not $310 million.

Last is Pool Braeburn.  According to ATP, Rigmora contributed $189.9 million

to Pool Braeburn through Amendment 20 and agreed to contribute capital sufficient

274 Trial Tr. at 29:1–19, 41:11–42:14 (Harrison); LPA Am. 17; JX-99; JX-101.

275 LPA Am. 20 ¶ 22(b).

276 Id. Here is the math: $500,000,000 – $189,544,660 = $310,455,340.  Rigmora is 
responsible for 99.6028% of the capital contributions for Pool V-3.  See id.  So, 
Rigmora is responsible for $309,222,211.39 of the Pool V-3 commitments, which 
rounds up to $310 million.

49

=== page 92 ===
Case 25-12177-LSS    Doc 18    Filed 12/15/25    Page 92 of 124

to cover additional expenses, which Pool Braeburn ultimately incurred.  ATP relies

on new Paragraph 22(b) of Amendment 20, which provides that Pool Braeburn

includes “$189,900,000 in unfunded previously approved budgets,” as well as

“additional securities of Braeburn acquired by the Partnership after the date of

Amendment 20,” and management fees and expenses discussed in the Amendment.277

ATP adjusts the $189.9 million based on later events—ATP acquired $30.6 million in

additional securities and was allocated $9 million in expenses, bringing the total

commitment to $229.5 million.278  Through Amendment 22, ATP distributed to

Rigmora the royalty held in Pool Braeburn and thus Rigmora “no longer had an

obligation to fund the remaining amounts on the royalty purchase agreement,” which

was $21.3 million.279  ATP therefore “reduced the obligation to Pool Braeburn by that

amount, which netted out to a total obligation $208,355,000.”280

In summary, in a snapshot, here is how ATP builds to the “over $2.85 billion”

figure:

Pool
Rigmora's Commitment
Pool IV
1,333,059,463.85
Pools V-1/V-2
1,000,000,000
Pool V-3
309,222,211.39
Pool Braeburn
208,335,616.81
Total
2,850,617,292.05

277 LPA Am. 20 ¶ 21(a).

278 Engels Dep. Tr. at 94:3–10; JX-1565, Cell G8.

279 Engels Dep. Tr. at 355:22–356:3, 355:16–355:21.

280 Engels Dep. Tr. at 356:2–4; ATP Post-Trial Reply Br. at 11, although  by the court’s 
math, it nets out to $208,200.

50

=== page 93 ===
Case 25-12177-LSS    Doc 18    Filed 12/15/25    Page 93 of 124

Rigmora takes issue with ATP’s interpretation of Amendment 20 as a capital

commitment.  Rigmora advances three main arguments to that effect: Rigmora first

appeals to the commercial context.  Rigmora next argues that interpreting

Amendment 20 as a subscription agreement is inconsistent with ATP’s

contemporaneous representations.281  Rigmora last contends that Amendment 20

does not read like a subscription agreement and is not sufficiently clear and

convincing in its terms to be treated like one.282

Rigmora’s first argument based on the commercial context of Amendment 20

is misguided.  Rigmora argues that  Amendment 20 “was entered into less than a

year after the $1 billion increase in the LPs’ Contingent Subscriptions, when the

Fund had over $1 billion in uncalled Contingent Subscriptions remaining.”283

According to Rigmora, “there was no need to increase the capital commitment when

Amendment 20 was executed, no reason to think the parties did so, and no reason to

think they would have done so without following the same formalities used to increase

the Contingent Subscriptions a few months earlier.”284

Rigmora’s commercial-context argument, however, ignores the plain text of

Amendment 20.  As discussed above, on its face, Amendment 20 reflects a minimum

in unfunded commitments of approximately $2.814 billion, far more than the $2.425

281 Id. at 35–36.

282 Id. at 36–37.

283 Id. at 37; see JX-1237 at 4 (schedule of capital activity).

284 Rigmora Post-Trial Opening Br. at 37.

51

=== page 94 ===
Case 25-12177-LSS    Doc 18    Filed 12/15/25    Page 94 of 124

billion Rigmora conceded.  This argument also ignores that biotech investment was

booming in 2021 when the parties entered Amendment 20,285 Rigmora had not yet

entered what Bogdanov would later call a liquidity crisis,286 Rybolovlev approved all

of the budgets at issue in Amendment 20, and Rigmora was ATP’s only source of

capital.287  If not Rigmora, who was expected to fund the approved budgets reflected

in Amendment 20?  This commercial context is ATP’s strongest point.

Rigmora’s second argument based on ATP’s contemporaneous communications

is neutral.  Rigmora is correct that interpreting Amendment 20 as a subscription

agreement runs contrary to many of ATP’s contemporaneous representations.288

Before the events that led to this litigation, ATP informed its banks, insurance

companies, and portfolio-company landlords that its total committed capital was $2.5

billion, which is equal to Rigmora’s $2.425 billion under their subscription

agreements and Harrison and his family trust’s $75 million.289   And ATP’s website

for the Fund still lists its capital commitments as “$2.65 billion” as it has since

2020.290  But other contemporaneous documents, like ATP’s first post-Amendment 20

285 See id. at 7 (“[T]he biotech market peaked in 2020 and 2021, during the COVID 
pandemic[.]” (citing Trial Tr. at 402:20–22 (Ehlers))).

286 See JX-446 at 1; Trial Tr. at 51:15–52:19 (Harrison).

287 LPA Am. 20 ¶ 21.

288 See generally Ehlers Dep. Tr. at 35:10–21.

289 Trial Tr. at 460:12–461:3, 462:10–24, 463:13–464:16 (Engels); JX-834 
(communicating to J.P. Morgan that “ATP has approximately $2.5 billion in 
committed capital”).

290  
JX-128 (2020); JX-2128 (Sept. 8, 2025); see also About, Apple Tree Partners, 
https://www.appletreepartners.com/about (accessed Dec. 4, 2025).

52

=== page 95 ===
Case 25-12177-LSS    Doc 18    Filed 12/15/25    Page 95 of 124

capital call to the limited partners291 and ATP’s own accounting of capital

contributions that it sent to Rigmora in March 2025,292 suggests  Rigmora did

increase its Contingent Subscription through Amendment 20.  These competing

contemporaneous communications work neither for nor against either side.  They

suggest that ATP did not spend a lot of time worrying about the precise amount of

Rigmora’s total capital commitments in 2022.  This  is consistent with Harrison’s

testimony that the parties’ enjoyed a collaborative relationship during that period.293

Rigmora’s last argument based on the language of Amendment 20 is

compelling.  The parties did not execute any new or amended subscription

291 The first capital call issued shortly after the adoption of Amendment 20 shows 
unfunded capital commitments stood at $1,461,868,810 total across all limited 
partners and $1,460,556,241.39 for Rigmora alone.  JX-224, at 3.  This evidence 
supports ATP’s position that Rigmora committed more capital through Amendment 
20 as unfunded capital commitments immediately preceding Amendment 20 were 
$1.067 billion.  See supra § I. D.

292 See JX-1237; JX-1237, PX-513, Tab “Amendment Summary,” Cells G8, N8, U8, 
AC8 (reflecting cumulative commitments across Pools V-1, V-2, Braeburn, V-3, and 
IV of 3,203,669,000.00).  This accounting did not deduct deemed commitments from 
neither its contribution tabulations nor its tabulations on commitments, so they had 
no net effect on the limited partner’s unfunded commitments.  See JX-1237, PX-513, 
Tab “Pool V-3 Total,” Cell B9 (including the $189,544,660 deemed contribution in Pool 
V-3’s contributions); id., Tab “Pool Braeburn Total,” Cell B9 (including the 
$203,669,000 deemed contribution in Pool Braeburn’s contribution’s calculation); id., 
Tab “Amendment Summary,” Cells G8, N10, U8, AC9, AC11 (listing total capital 
commitments of $1,000,000,000 billion (Pools V-1 and V-2), $393,569,000 million 
(Pool Braeburn), $500,000,000 (Pool V-3), and $1,383,360,505.56 (Pool IV) for total 
commitments of $3,276,929,505.56 across all pools).  The total commitments listed 
for Pools V-3 and Braeburn include the deemed commitments within Amendment 20, 
meaning their accounting in the capital contributions has no net effect on the amount 
of Rigmora’s unfunded commitments.  See id., Tab “Amendment Summary,” Cells N9, 
U11.  Total commitments exceeding $3.2 billion indicates Amendment 20 increased 
Rigmora’s Contingent Subscription.

293 Trial Tr. at 51:21:52:4 (Harrison).

53

=== page 96 ===
Case 25-12177-LSS    Doc 18    Filed 12/15/25    Page 96 of 124

agreements with Amendment 20.  And Amendment 20 does not expressly refer to the

Contingent Subscriptions.294  The absence of express language referencing

Contingent Subscription stands in contrast to Amendments 17 and 18, which both

explicitly refer to “Contingent Subscription.”295  This combination of factors is enough

to suggest that the finer details of Rigmora’s funding commitments were yet to be

ironed out when the parties entered into Amendment 20.

Moreover, Amendment 20 does not make clear the amount of capital that

Rigmora was to contribute.  Amendment 20 does not expressly state that Rigmora

commits to contributing its share of the $310 million to Pool V-3.  Rather, ATP implies

that number by deducting the “deemed contributions” from the contemplated $500

million.296  Amendment 20 also does not state that Rigmora will contribute $208

million to Pool Braeburn.  Rather, Amendment 20 states that Rigmora commits

$189.9 million plus unspecified future expenses.297

In the end, ATP’s interpretation of Amendment 20 leaves too much to

interpretation.  ATP must demonstrate the contractual terms that it seeks to

specifically enforce by clear and convincing evidence.298  ATP has not proven an

overall Contingent Subscription amount of over $2.85 billion.  Thus, regardless of

294 LPA Am. 20.

295 LPA Am. 17; LPA Am. 18.

296 See ATP Post-Trial Opening Br. at 10, 13–14.

297 LPA Am. 20 ¶ 21.

298 West, 342 A.3d at 321.

54

=== page 97 ===
Case 25-12177-LSS    Doc 18    Filed 12/15/25    Page 97 of 124

whether calculated in the aggregate or on a pool-by-pool basis, ATP has proven that

Rigmora committed no more than $2.425 billion.

b. 
Rigmora has contributed no more than $2.3 billion.

Ultimately, ATP need not rely on Amendment 20 to secure the relief it seeks.

Rigmora claims to have contributed over $2.69 billion to date, well in excess of the

$2.425 billion in undisputed commitments.  But the $2.69 billion figure double counts

$390 million in “deemed contributions” reallocated through Amendment 20 from Pool

IV to Pool V-3 and Pool Braeburn.299

Double counting “deemed contributions” of Amendment 20 is inconsistent with

the purpose of Amendment 20 as recounted by Rigmora.  According Rigmora, the

purpose of Amendment 20 was to “reallocat[e] . . . an existing commitment from a

different pool[.]”300   Amendment 20 was “not a new commitment.”301  Put differently,

the deemed contributions were not new contributions.  Moreover, counting the

deemed contributions twice against Rigmora’s $2.425 billion Contingent Subscription

would result in Rigmora committing less than $2.425 billion to the Fund.302  There is

no evidence, either in Amendment 20 or elsewhere, that the parties intended to

299 LPA Am. 20 ¶¶ 21(b) (stating initial deemed contributions for Pool Braeburn were 
$203,669,000 for Pool Braeburn and $189,544,660 for Pool V-3, which is 
$393,213,660; see also Rigmora Post-Trial Answering Br. at 38 n. 277, Ex. 1 
(Strebulaev) at 2.

300 Rigmora Post-Trial Br. at 36 (emphasis added).

301 Id.; see also id. at 6 (“Amendment 20 created two new pools . . .” and “allocated 
existing assets and liabilities to them . . . .” (emphasis added)).

302 LPA Am. 20 ¶¶ 21(b), 22(b) (stating initial deemed contributions $203,669,000 for 
Pool Braeburn and $189,544,660 for Pool V-3, which is $393,213,660 in deemed 
contributions total).

55

=== page 98 ===
Case 25-12177-LSS    Doc 18    Filed 12/15/25    Page 98 of 124

reduce the total amounts committed to the Fund through Amendment 20.  As

discussed above, the commercial context indicates the contrary.

Rigmora relies on a series of ATP communications documents to support its

double counting theory.303  Each of those documents were prepared for other

purposes.  Two of those documents show that ATP tabulated the limited partners’

total capital commitments as more than $3.2 billion.304  These are not figures that

Rigmora stands behind.

Reducing Rigmora’s $2.69 billion figure to eliminate double counting, Rigmora

has contributed $2.3 billion to the Fund.

c. 
The Capital Calls do not exceed the difference 
between the Contingent Subscription and 
Rigmora’s contributions.

ATP has proven that Rigmora committed $2.425 billion and contributed $2.3

billion.  The difference is $125 million.  Given Rigmora’s overall contributions, there

is sufficient room to fund the Capital Calls of totaling approximately $101.7 million.

2. 
Paragraph 5(a)(ii) – Funding Purposes

ATP issued the Capital Calls for ten portfolio companies: Aethon, Apertor,

Deep Apple, Evercrisp, Initial, Marlinspike, Red Queen, and Replicate of Pools V-1

303 See Rigmora Post-Trial Br. at 39–40.

304 JX-1237, PX-513, Tab “Amendment Summary,” Tab “Amendment Summary,” 
Cells G8, N10, U8, AC9, AC11 (reflecting cumulative commitments across Pools V-1, 
V-2, Braeburn, V-3, and IV of $3,276,929,505.56), JX-2000, Tab “Amendment 
Summary,” Cells G8, N8, U8, AC8 (same).

56

=== page 99 ===
Case 25-12177-LSS    Doc 18    Filed 12/15/25    Page 99 of 124

and V-2, and Marengo and Ascidian of Pool V-3.305 ATP issued these calls to provide

six months of approved budget to carry forward research plans, partnership fees, and

ATLS Fees.306

The LPA identifies partnership fees, ATLS Fees, and budgets expenses as

appropriate purposes.  Subsections 5(a)(ii)(A) through (C) state that “[u]nless

otherwise approved by the holders of a majority of the Preferred Units in writing,”

the GP:

may only call capital, as of any time, in amounts sufficient 
to enable the Partnership . . . to (A) pay Partnership . . .  
expenses then existing or reasonably anticipated to be 
incurred within the next six-month period, (B) pay other 
Partnership . . . non-discretionary items (such as taxes and 
tax distributions) and satisfy other Partnership . . . 
expenses and obligations incurred in the ordinary course of 
business, [and] (C) pay the Management Fee for the next 
12-month period.307

Subsection 5(a)(ii)(E) authorizes the GP to call capital in amounts sufficient to “invest

in Projects approved by the holders of a majority of the Preferred Units in writing in

accordance with a budget therefor approved by such holders of Preferred Units.”308

305 See JX-1387 at 1; JX-1388 at 1; JX-1390 at 1; JX-1391 at 1; JX-1393 at 1; JX-1394 
at 1; JX-1395 at 1; JX-1396 at 1; JX-1397 at 1; JX-1398 at 1; JX-1415 at 1; see also 
JX-1622.

306 Trial Tr. at 109:1–110:24 (Harrison); see also LPA Am. 13 ¶ 17(d).

307 LPA Am. 3 ¶ 5(a)(ii)

308 Id.  Amendment 3 originally provided for an ATC board of directors and made 
certain distinctions depending on whether a project was “being run through ATC” or 
not.  Id. at 1–2.  Amendment 14 excised ATC, and with it the ATC board of directors, 
from the LPA.  JX-16 at 5 (LPA Am. 14).

57

=== page 100 ===
Case 25-12177-LSS    Doc 18    Filed 12/15/25    Page 100 of 124

Rigmora concedes that the stated purpose of the Capital Calls is proper under

the LPA.  Aside from Replicate, Rigmora does not dispute that it approved budgets

for the calls at issue or that the calls were within the approved budgets.  Nor does

Rigmora dispute that partnership expenses and ATLS Fees are proper purposes for

capital calls or that those expenses were improperly calculated.

Rigmora instead advances three arguments to avoid its payment obligation.

First, Rigmora argues that ATP cannot call capital because ATP acted in bad faith.309

Second, Rigmora argues that the approved budgets called for tranched funding

conditioned on milestones set out in investment memoranda, which served as

conditions to Rigmora’s funding obligations, and which the projects did not achieve.310

Third, as to Replicate, Rigmora argues that Replicate budget was subject to

contingency set out in Amendment 22 that the LPs realize at least $300 million from

a sale or financing of their interest in the Braeburn royalty, which has not yet

occurred.311

a. 
Bad Faith

Rigmora argues that ATP cannot call capital because it acted in bad faith when

making the Capital Calls.  The LPA permits the General Partner to call capital only

for a purpose enumerated in Paragraph 5(a)(ii).312  The Cayman Islands’ Exempted

Limited Partnership (“ELP”) Act, as adopted by the LPA, requires the General

309 Rigmora Post-Trial Br. at 44–47.

310 Id. at 40–43.

311 Id. at 43–44; LPA Am. 22 ¶ 26.

312 LPA Am. 3 ¶ 5(a)(ii).

58

=== page 101 ===
Case 25-12177-LSS    Doc 18    Filed 12/15/25    Page 101 of 124

Partner to exercise its power to call capital in good faith in accordance with its

fiduciary duties—which Cayman courts have held requires it to act in the interests

of the Fund’s limited partners.313  Rigmora argues that, as a plaintiff seeking specific

performance, ATP must prove by clear and convincing evidence that it satisfied the

LPA’s requirements for all calls and that they are consistent with the ATP’s fiduciary

duties under Cayman law.314

It is unclear whether Rigmora is correct in interpreting Cayman law to mean

that a General Partner must prove fiduciary compliance as a condition to enforcing

capital calls.  Typically, a party relying on the absence of a condition to avoid a

contractual obligation bears the burden of proving its absence.315  But ATP did not

challenge this legal assertion.  And the accuracy of Rigmora’s legal position does not

alter the outcome in any event, because there is no factual basis to question ATP’s

good faith.

313 See JX-2019, ELP Act § 19(1) (“A general partner shall act at all times in good 
faith and . . . in the interests of the exempted limited partnership.”); JX-1 at 2 
(requiring parties to carry on the limited partnership “in accordance with the 
provisions of the” ELP Act); id. ¶ 18(g)(i) (LPA governed by ELP Act); JX-2073, 
Kuwait Ports Authority v Port Link GP Ltd [2023] 1 CILR 50 at [34(iii)]; JX-2074, Re 
Aquapoint LP, CICA (Civil) Appeal No. 0014 of 2022, [2023], at [67].

314 Rigmora Post-Trial Opening Br. at 44–47; see also Bloch Report ¶ 83.

315 See generally S’holder Representative Servs. LLC v. Shire US Hldgs. Inc., 2020 WL 
6018738, at *17 (Del. Ch. Oct. 12, 2020), aff’d 267 A.3d 370 (Del. 2021) (TABLE); AB 
Stable VIII LLC v. Maps Hotels & Resorts One LLC, 2020 WL 7024929, at *48–50 
(Del. Ch. Nov. 30, 2020), aff’d, 268 A.3d 198 (Del. 2021).

59

=== page 102 ===
Case 25-12177-LSS    Doc 18    Filed 12/15/25    Page 102 of 124

Harrison testified that the Capital Calls were for the purpose of funding six

months of operations.316  ATP considered numerous scenarios, evaluating how much

capital to call in order to continue funding operations.317  Harrison ultimately based

the size of the Capital Calls on the portfolio companies’ research plans and the

partnership’s expenses.318  He excluded his own Management Fee from the Capital

Calls, so none of the money would be directed to him.319  Harrison then realized that

ATP overcalled capital for Replicate based on the approved budget and corrected that

Capital Call on June 1.320  Harrison’s testimony was highly credible.

To argue bad faith, Rigmora states that ATP’s “correspondence demonstrates

that the capital calls were made at least in part to ‘put pressure on’ the [Limited

Partners].”321  Rigmora bases this assertion on a May 14, 2025 email among ATP’s

outside attorneys.322  The email states: “The point of making the calls is to put

pressure on [Rigmora], so let’s put the pressure on [Rigmora].”323  On its face, this

statement is not alarming.  Contractual rights can be a source of pressure.  That does

not mean exercising them is an act of bad faith.  Moreover, a single line in a single

email among outside counsel does not undermine the extensive evidence

316 Trial Tr. at 110:12–16 (Harrison).

317 Id. at 152:7–153:14 (Harrison).

318 Id. at 110:17–24 (Harrison).

319 Id. at 111:4–10 (Harrison).

320 Id. at 109:24–110:5 (Harrison).

321 Id. at 45.

322 Dkt. 269 at 45 (citing JX-2155 at 2).

323 JX-2155 at 2.

60

=== page 103 ===
Case 25-12177-LSS    Doc 18    Filed 12/15/25    Page 103 of 124

demonstrating Harrison’s sincere concerns about the financial health of the portfolio

companies.

Rigmora’s grab-bag of other arguments similarly fail.  Rigmora argues that

ATP delayed capital calls to maximize its litigation position.324  But the evidence does

not point to that conclusion.  ATP recognized the portfolio companies’ urgent need for

funding and knew that Rigmora would immediately file suit in the Cayman Islands

as soon as ATP issued capital calls.325 Rigmora describes the calls as improper

because ATP did not intend to distribute all the capital called to portfolio companies

as required under the LPA.326  But ATP withheld some capital to ensure that the

funds would not be subject to attachment by creditors leaving the companies without

funding to pay severance to employees.327  Rigmora emphasized in briefing how the

anticipated amount of capital calls evolved leading up to this lawsuit.328  But the

evidence reflects that ATP ran scenarios and considered calling capital sufficient to

fund ongoing work at the portfolio companies for periods of weeks, three months, six

months, and the end of calendar year 2025-2026.329  None of this supports a finding

that ATP acted in bad faith.

324 Rigmora Post-Trial Opening Br. at 45.

325 See JX-2138 at 1–2.

326 Rigmora Post-Trial Opening Br. at 45; LPA Am. 3 ¶ 5(a)(ii)(E).

327 Yanchik Dep. Tr. 218:23–219:22.

328 Dkt. 269 at 45-47.

329 Trial Tr. at 152:5–19 (Harrison).

61

=== page 104 ===
Case 25-12177-LSS    Doc 18    Filed 12/15/25    Page 104 of 124

b. 
Milestones

Rigmora argues that the milestones set out in investment memoranda served

as conditions to Rigmora’s obligations to fund capital calls.  No evidence supports this

assertion.

As discussed above,330 no evidence suggests that anyone intended the

performance milestones identified in the investment memoranda to serve as

conditions to Rigmora’s obligation to fund budgets that it approved.  Harrison and

Rybolovlev never discussed nor negotiated the milestones.331  Rigmora lacked the

substantive expertise to set or track performance milestones.332  Only two of the

approved budgets contained any express milestones, and they were based on

corporate strategy metrics.333  The fact that certain of the Rigmora-approved budgets

contained express milestones suggests that the parties did not intend to condition the

other budgets on milestones contained in the investment memoranda.  And although

the Series A agreements of five companies (Marlinspike, Aethon, Aulos, Braeburn,

and Replicate) originally contained milestone conditions, those conditions applied to

the Fund’s obligation to fund the companies, not the limited partners’ obligation meet

capital calls.334

330 See supra § I.B.

331 Id. at 33:11–14 (Harrison).

332 Bogdanov Dep. Tr. at 31:2–9, 45:23–46:10, 46:11–15; Blöchlinger Dep. Tr. at 
37:17–25; Yakovlev Dep. Tr. at 30:23–25.

333 Id. at 33:23–34:5 (Harrison); JX-1192 at 2.

334 See JX-2201; Trial Tr. at 140:5–10 (Harrison); see, e.g., JX-1329 at 64, 167, 441, 
586.

62

=== page 105 ===
Case 25-12177-LSS    Doc 18    Filed 12/15/25    Page 105 of 124

Moreover, treating milestones in dated investment memoranda as a fixed

condition to future funding misaligns the budgeting process with the commercial

realities of biotech investing.335  “[M]any very successful therapeutics have missed

development milestones.”336  Apparent “misses” were often successful pivots that

increased value.  Deep Apple pivoted to obesity and secured a partnership worth up

to $812 million with Novo Nordisk.337  Apertor’s pivot led to a “breakthrough

publication” demonstrating “incredible” platform value, ultimately leading to

delivering clinical candidates.338  Information regarding portfolio companies’ pivots

were regularly reported to Rigmora in quarterly reports provided by ATP.339

Milestones were informative on many levels to Fund management.  But

Rigmora did not staff anyone with a scientific background.  Rigmora went nearly

thirteen years without requesting information about milestones.340  Its interest in

milestones surfaced as a defense strategy in this action, and an unsuccessful one.

Rigmora cannot rely on the absence of milestone achievements to avoid its funding

commitments.

335 Trial Tr. at 105:3–11 (Harrison); see JX-1583 (“Robbins Rebuttal”) ¶ 26.

336 Trial Tr. at 189:11–18 (Robbins).

337 Robbins Rebuttal ¶ 27.

338 Trial Tr. at 253:13–254:3 (Liras).

339 Id. at 255:13–256:21, 257:2–259:1, 262:8–264:9 (Liras); see, e.g., JX-0560.

340 Trial Tr. at 332:1–333:2 (Bogdanov).

63

=== page 106 ===
Case 25-12177-LSS    Doc 18    Filed 12/15/25    Page 106 of 124

c. 
Replicate

Replicate is different.  The Replicate budget was approved on February 12,

2025.341  Replicate was one of the five companies addressed in Amendment 22.  It is

thus subject to the contingency set out in Amendment 22 stating that the LPs realize

at least $300 million from a sale or financing of their interest in the Braeburn

royalty.342  Neither event has occurred.  So Rigmora need not meet the call.

ATP advances a factual response to this outcome, but it is somewhat

convoluted.  According to ATP, when the parties executed Amendment 22 in

December 2024, they expected the then-current, unfunded budget amounts for each

of the five projects listed in the new Paragraph 26—including Replicate—to last for a

matter of weeks.  In the case of Replicate, the parties anticipated that the budget

would run out in February 2025.  Paragraph 26 of Amendment 22 thus called for the

discussion of a new budget sufficient to enable Replicate to operate for a period twelve

months after that.343  ATP portrays the financing condition as inconsistent with the

dire circumstances under which the parties executed Amendment 22.344

But the language of Amendment 22 is plain.  It conditions Royalty Financing

on budget approval, providing that “[i]f any approval of a new budget is given by the

Subject limited Partner, such approval shall be contingent upon at least $300 million

being realized (including through deemed distributions) by the Subject Limited

341 JX-1192.

342 LPA Am. 22 ¶ 26.

343 Id.

344 ATP Post-Trial Reply Br. at 27–28; see also ATP Post-Trial Opening Br. at 29–31

64

=== page 107 ===
Case 25-12177-LSS    Doc 18    Filed 12/15/25    Page 107 of 124

Partner on a sale or financing of its interest in ATP LLC.”345  At the time, Rigmora

indicated that it would not be difficult to obtain the Royalty Financing, and ATP

expected that Rigmora would “do and perform, or cause to be done and performed, all

such further acts and things . . .  to carry out the intent and accomplish the purposes

of this Amendment . . . ,” including securing Royalty Financing.346  Whether Rigmora

honored this commitment is not before the court.  But there is not Royalty Financing,

so the Replicate budget is not approved, and ATP may not enforce Capital Calls for

Replicate.

3. 
Specific Performance

A grant of specific performance “is a specialized form of mandatory injunction

that requires a party to fulfill its contractual obligations.”347  Specific performance is

appropriate when (1) a valid contract exists, (2) the plaintiff is ready, willing, and

able to perform, (3) money damages are inadequate, and (4) the balance of equities

tips in the plaintiff’s favor.348  To obtain specific performance, a plaintiff must prove

these conditions by clear and convincing evidence.349

345 LPA Am. 22 ¶ 26 (emphasis added).

346 LPA Am. 22 ¶ Miscellaneous.

347 26 Cap. Acq. Corp. v. Tiger Resort Asia Ltd., 309 A.3d 434, 464 (Del. Ch. 2023); see 
also supra n.260 (explaining why this decision applies Delaware law on the request 
for specific performance).

348 See Osborn ex rel. Osborn v. Kemp, 991 A.2d 1153, 1158 (Del. 2010); AbbVie 
Endocrine Inc. v. Takeda Pharm. Co. Ltd., 2021 WL 4059793, at *6 n.97 (Del. Ch. 
Sept. 7, 2021) (“It is elementary that the remedy of specific performance is designed 
to take care of situations where the assessment of money damages is 
impracticable[.]”).

349 West, 342 A.3d at 321.

65

=== page 108 ===
Case 25-12177-LSS    Doc 18    Filed 12/15/25    Page 108 of 124

As discussed above, ATP has proven by clear and convincing evidence that

Rigmora must meet Capital Calls within approved portfolio company budgets and the

Contingent Subscription with the exception of Replicate.350  Rigmora must also fund

calls issued for Fund expenses falling within those parameters.351  Excluding

Replicate, Rigmora’s portion of those calls is $96,960,925.88.  ATP also stands ready,

willing, and able to perform.

Money damages are inadequate.  The LPA sets out deadlines for meeting

Capital Calls.352  And timing matters.  As discussed above, the negative impacts of a

funding default for early-stage life sciences companies can be fatal.353  The companies’

research could ramp up again upon receipt of funding.354  But they cannot stay in a

holding pattern indefinitely.355

Further, a contractual provision stipulating the parties’ preference of specific

performance favors granting specific performance.356  It is even more so when the

agreement is between “sophisticated entities that bargained at arm’s length.”357  In

the LPA, sophisticated parties stipulated that damages for funding defaults “cannot

350 See JX-1 ¶ 5(a)(i).

351 See id.

352 LPA ¶ 5(a)(iii).

353 Rao Report ¶ 67.

354 Id. at 163:17–165:4 (Yanchik); see also id. at 114:2–12 (Harrison).

355 Id. at 165:5–9, 166:6–167:2 (Yanchik).

356 See L-5 Healthcare P’rs, LLC v. Alphatec Hldgs., Inc., 2024 WL 3888696, at *7 
(Del. Ch. Aug. 21, 2024).

357 See id. (quoting In re Cellular Tel. P’ship Litig., 2021 WL 4438046, at *72 (Del. Ch. 
Sept. 28, 2021)).

66

=== page 109 ===
Case 25-12177-LSS    Doc 18    Filed 12/15/25    Page 109 of 124

be estimated with reasonable accuracy.”358  This language supports a finding that

damages would be inadequate.

Rigmora argues that ATP cannot seek specific performance of the capital calls

for Ascidian, Aethon, Evercrisp, or Fund expenses because ATP has already used

other Fund proceeds intended for other purposes to invest in the companies.359  But

rediverting funds to those companies was necessary to mitigate harm against them.

The fact that ATP did so does not eliminate Rigmora’s funding obligations.

On balance, the equities favor ATP.  Rigmora has the funds available to meet

the Capital Calls.360  Moreover, the portfolio companies are developing treatments for

serious medical conditions, including childhood blindness, various cancers, obesity,

and neurodegenerative diseases.  The public interest strongly favors preserving

potentially life-saving research programs.361

For these reasons, ATP is entitled to specific performance of the Capital Calls

excluding Replicate, or $96,960,925.88.

B. 
Budget Approvals

ATP claims that Rigmora breached its implied duties of good faith, honesty,

and rationality when reviewing and denying the budgets circulated on December 24

358   JX-0001 at 25 (LPA ¶ 5(c)).

359 Rigmora Post-Trial Br. at 47 (citing JX-2130 ¶¶ 17, 25 (listing payments for 
Ascidian, Aethon, Replicate, Evercrisp, and Fund expenses); PTO ¶ 64).

360 Trial Tr. at 473:1–6 (Yakovlev).

361 Cf. Morabito v. Harris, 2002 WL 550117, at *2 (Del. Ch. Mar. 26, 2002); Bernard 
Pers. Consultants, Inc. v. Mazarella, 1990 WL 124969, at *3 (Del. Ch. Aug. 28, 1990).

67

=== page 110 ===
Case 25-12177-LSS    Doc 18    Filed 12/15/25    Page 110 of 124

and for Marengo.362  ATP does not root its claim in fiduciary obligations, nor could it.

Section 19(2) of the ELP Act eliminated any fiduciary obligations, so Rigmora does

not owe fiduciary obligations to the Fund.363

Rather, ATP’s claim is based in contract law.  Under English and Cayman

common law, which govern this analysis,364 a court may imply contract terms in one

of two scenarios: when “the term must be necessary either to spell out what is so

obvious that it goes without saying [the obviousness test] or to give business efficacy

to the contract [the business-efficacy test].”365

ATP seeks to imply a specific set of obligations—to act honestly, rationally, and

in good faith.366  These implied duties, referred to as “Braganza duties” after the

362 ATP’s claim first identified budgets for Marengo, Ascidian, and Aulos but it has 
since shifted to the budgets for Marengo, Aulos, Replicate, and Nine Square.  
Compare Compl. ¶ 179, with ATP Post-Trial Opening Br. at 66, 73.

363 ELP Act § 19(2).

364 LPA ¶ 18(g)(1) (stating that the “terms and provisions” of the LPA “shall be 
construed under the laws of the Cayman Islands, and Cayman law governs ATP’s 
claim of breach”); PTO ¶ 25.  Cayman courts view English cases as persuasive 
authority when Cayman law does not provide direct guidance.  Phillips Report ¶¶ 19–
20.  Because no Cayman court has decided this issue, this opinion relies upon English 
authority when available.

365 USDAW v. Tesco Stores, [2024] UKSC 28 at [102], available in the record as JX-
2116; see also Marks & Spencer v. BNP Paribas, [2015] UKSC 72 at [20], available in 
the record as JX-2042; Primeo Fund (In Official Liquidation) v. Bank of Bermuda 
(Cayman) Ltd., [2017] CILR 334 at [211], available in the record as JX-2056; Cayman 
Shores v. Registrar of Lands, [2021] (2) CILR 1 at [65]–[66], available in the record 
as JX-2120; Bloch Report ¶ 29.

366 Phillips Report ¶ 75.

68

=== page 111 ===
Case 25-12177-LSS    Doc 18    Filed 12/15/25    Page 111 of 124

eponymous case, apply in certain circumstances when a party exercises a unilaterally

conferred discretionary power under a contract.367

Braganza involved an employment contract between BP Shipping Ltd. and an

employee who died mysteriously on one of its ships.368  If the employee died by suicide,

then BP Shipping had the discretion under the employment contract to deny his

widow a contractual death benefit.369  The company denied the widow the death

benefit, and the widow sued for breach of an implied contractual term.  The Supreme

Court of the United Kingdom held that a party exercising a discretionary control of

another’s rights has an obligation to act “rationally (as well as in good faith) and

consistently with its contractual purpose”370 when a conflict of interest arises due to

that control.371  The court emphasized that the “conflict is heightened where there is

a significant imbalance of power between the contracting parties.”372  To prevent

abuse of discretion, the court will ensure the power is exercised in good faith and not

arbitrarily, capriciously, or perversely.373

According to ATP, a court should imply Braganza duties when three factors

are present: (1) the existence of a discretionary power granted to one party; (2) that

367 Braganza v. BP Shipping Ltd., [2015] UKSC 17, at Headnote, [18]–[19], available 
in the record as JX-2102.

368 Id.

369 Id. at Headnote, [10]–[11].

370 Id. at Headnote, [30].

371 Id. at Headnote, [18].

372 Id.

373 Id. at Headnote, [30]–[31].

69

=== page 112 ===
Case 25-12177-LSS    Doc 18    Filed 12/15/25    Page 112 of 124

power’s potential to harm the other party’s interests; and (3) a conflict of interest

where the decision-maker could exercise the power to benefit themselves at the other

party’s expense.374  It is unclear whether English or Cayman courts apply the three-

factor Braganza test for which ATP advocates.  The case law supplied by the parties

does not frame Braganza in this manner, nor does either side’s expert in Cayman

law.  And the parties do not join issue on the precise requirements for implying

contractual terms generally or Braganza duties specifically.375

It is clear, however, that contractual context matters in the analysis of whether

to imply contractual terms.376 In an effort to shortcut the analysis, Rigmora argues

that a court can never imply Braganza duties in this specific context—on a limited

partner of a Cayman exempted limited partnership.377

374 Id. at [18], [30].

375 See generally ATP Post-trial Opening Br. at 66-76, Rigmora Post-Trial Br. at 48–
60.

376 Braganza, [2015] UKSC 17, at Headnote [31] (“But whatever term may be implied 
will depend on the terms and the context of the particular contract involved.”).

377 Rigmora Post-Trial Br. at 50–51 (citing In re Torchlight Fund LP, FSD 103 of 2015 
(RMJ), 25 September 2018, at [1189]–[1190], available in the record as JX-2061).  
Torchlight is remarkable in a few ways.  Justice Robin McMillan issued the decision 
after the parties settled the case.  JX-2061.0002.  He noted that “the Court was invited 
. . . to withdraw the Petition” in light of the settlement but had “independent 
discretion to decide whether to deliver its Judgment or not.”  Id.  The Justice 
determined to deliver his Judgment in part because he believed that the two directors 
of the General Partner were improperly maligned by the allegations, which “the 
public is entitled to know.”  Id.  He viewed issuing his determination a matter of 
“human rights as much as . . . as matter of commercial law.”  Id.  He then issued a 
366 page decision.

70

=== page 113 ===
Case 25-12177-LSS    Doc 18    Filed 12/15/25    Page 113 of 124

Rigmora’s primary authority does not support a categorical exclusion.

Rigmora relies primarily on Torchlight Fund LP, where a limited partner of a

Cayman exempted limited partnership alleged the general partner owed Braganza

duties when exercising a discretionary right to send a default notice to the limited

partner without first consulting the limited partner.378  In a brief discussion toward

the end of a lengthy analysis, the Cayman court declined to impose Braganza

duties.379  The court first noted the relevance of Section 25(1) of the ELP Act, which

limits court interference with remedies under partnership agreements.380  Next,

referencing Section 25(1), the court reasoned that:

It is the view of this Court that those who enter into and 
participate in complex and sophisticated commercial 
arrangements must be taken to be fully aware of what they 
are doing and what the potential consequences may be.  
Not only are they bound in this case by the LPA but that 
LPA itself is further grounded in this instance by an 
express statutory provision [i.e., Section 25(1) of the ELP 
Act].  Therefore, taking into account the terms and context 
of this particular contract, the Court rules that the 
standard of review adopted in the judicial review of 
administration action [i.e., the implied duty] does not apply 
nor does it have any relevance.381

Rigmora interprets this passage to mean that a court can never imply a

contractual duty of good faith under Cayman law where an express statutory

378 In re Torchlight Fund LP, FSD 103 of 2015 (RMJ), 25 September 2018, at [1189]–
[1190], available in the record as JX-2061.

379 Id. at [1180], [1182].

380 Id. at [1188].

381 Id. at [1189] (emphasis added).

71

=== page 114 ===
Case 25-12177-LSS    Doc 18    Filed 12/15/25    Page 114 of 124

provision already governs.382  And that is a fair interpretation of Torchlight.  But,

unlike Torchlight, no express provision of the ELP Act governs here.  Section 19(2) of

the ELP Act eliminates general fiduciary obligations generally.383  It does not

eliminate implied contractual obligations.  And the parties cite no statutory provision

that governs a limited partner’s discretion in approving budgets.   Torchlight, thus,

does not categorically prohibit this court from implying contractual duties of good

faith into the LPA.

Torchlight, however, supports Rigmora’s position in a more limited way.

Fairly read, Torchlight stands for the proposition that a court will be reticent to imply

Braganza duties in the ELP context because the power disparities that motivated

Braganza—the power’s potential to harm the other party’s interest—are less present.

Braganza involved a discretionary right wielded by a large multi-national corporation

against its late employee’s widow.384  Other cases implying Braganza duties involve

discretionary rights wielded by an insurance corporation against an insured.385  The

power disparities between the parties existed both at the time of contracting and at

the time the counterparty exercised its discretionary right.386

382 Rigmora Post-Trial Br. at 51.

383 ELP Act § 19(2).

384 Braganza, [2015] UKSC 17 at [1189].

385 Equitas Ins. Ltd v Municipal Mut. Ins. Ltd [2019] EWCA Civ [114]–[118], available 
in the record as JX-2047 (implying a term between insurers).

386 Braganza does not provide clarity on the timing of when a court should assess 
these factors, and the parties did not specifically address this issue.  Generally, “[t]he 
test for the implication of a Braganza duty is one of necessity[.]” Horlick v Cavaco, 
[2022] EWHC 2935 (KB) at [175] (citing Equitas Ins. Ltd v. Municipal Mut. Ins. Ltd,

72

=== page 115 ===
Case 25-12177-LSS    Doc 18    Filed 12/15/25    Page 115 of 124

The ELP context is different.  As the Torchlight court observed: “those who

enter into and participate in complex and sophisticated commercial arrangements

must be taken to be fully aware of what they are doing and what the potential

consequences may be.”387  And that is factually true here—both Rigmora and ATP

are highly sophisticated, and the LPA was heavily negotiated.  Moreover, the parties

cite to no case in which applicable authorities have implied Braganza duties in the

ELP context.  And if a court is unwilling to impose implied contractual obligations on

a general partner as in Torchlight, then it will be an exceptional case that the court

imposes implied obligations on a limited partner.

This case is not the exception.  Of the three Braganza factors identified by ATP,

only two of the three are met.  The LPA grants Rigmora the discretion to approve

budgets.  But the presence of other factors suggests that one cannot imply Brananza

duties due to the existence of a discretionary right alone.  And Rigmora’s ability to

reject budgets can impede ATP’s right to call capital and operate the Fund.  But it

would be weird to describe the parties as conflicted concerning whether to call capital.

It is true that Rigmora’s liquidity issues changed its investment strategy.  And a need

for liquidity can provide a source of conflict in certain circumstances.  But at the end

[2019] EWCA Civ 718 at [150]–[151]).  The tests for necessity are the business efficacy 
and obviousness tests.  To satisfy those tests, a court will imply a term “in the way 
that the parties must have intended or reasonably expected it to work.” Equitas Ins. 
Ltd, [2019] EWCA at [151].  This suggests that the court analyzes the Braganza 
factors ex ante.  See also Bloch Report ¶ 24 (citing Arnold, [2015] UKSC at [19]) 
(explaining a court should interpret a contract “as at the date that the contract was 
made”).  But, again, it is unclear.  In this analysis, it does not matter.

387 Id.

73

=== page 116 ===
Case 25-12177-LSS    Doc 18    Filed 12/15/25    Page 116 of 124

of the day, Rigmora owns over 98% of the Fund.  Rigmora is thus highly interested in

the success of its portfolio companies.  And Rybolovlev’s family-pharma goal, and

desire to replicate his success at Uralkali, meant that he would ultimately consolidate

funds behind only some of the portfolio companies and successful therapies.

Rigmora’s liquidity needs might have hastened that process.  This, however, does not

seem to be the type of conflict motivating Braganza duties.

Because the circumstances do not warrant implying Braganza duties, the

analysis could end here.  But, again, the parties did not neatly join issue on the

relevant legal framework, and ATP analyzes the business efficacy and obviousness

tests as well the Braganza factors.  For completeness, so too does this decision.

In USDAW v. Tesco Stores, Lord Leggatt expounded on the business-efficacy

and obviousness tests.388  The business-efficacy test involves two steps.  The court

must first identify the relevant contractual purpose.389  The court must then ask

“whether the implication of a term is necessary to give effect to that purpose and

prevent it from being defeated.”390  The implied term cannot conflict with existing

provisions, and it must be “strictly necessary.”391

Under the obviousness test, a court only implies a term if it is “so obvious it

goes without saying.”392  The court must assess what reasonable people in the

388 [2024] UKSC 28 at [106].

389 Id.

390 Id.

391 Id.

392 Id. at [102].

74

=== page 117 ===
Case 25-12177-LSS    Doc 18    Filed 12/15/25    Page 117 of 124

positions of the parties at the time would have agreed.393 Actual intent does not

matter.394  Regarding detailed commercial contracts, “[a] term should not be implied

. . . merely because it appears fair or merely because the court considers the parties

would have agreed it if it had been suggested to them . . . [it] is a stringent test.”395

Neither test is satisfied.  Starting with the first step of the business-efficacy

test, the LPA’s purpose is facilitating investment in “in pharmaceutical medical

device and other medically-related companies and business projects.”396  ATP seeks

to imply a “good faith, honestly, and rationally” modifier to Rigmora’s discretion to

approve budgets.397  Inserting that term, however, is not strictly necessary for

effectuating the LPA’s purpose because ATP and Rigmora share economic incentives

to approve budgets.  They relied on the existing provision for years, approving

budgets without issue, and the Fund operated without incident.  No implication is

needed.

The obviousness test also fails.  At the time of contracting, Rigmora contributed

nearly all the Fund’s capital.  It thus makes sense that Rigmora secured the absolute

discretion to reject budgets and negotiated for the ability to preserve its capital by

blocking budgets.  It is not so obvious or goes without saying that a reasonable

393 Yoo Design Services v Iliv Realty Pte, [2021] EWCA Civ 560 at [51], available in 
the record as JX-2113.

394 Id.

395 Id.

396 LPA Am. 1 ¶ 1(c).

397 ATP Post-trial Opening Br. at 66.

75

=== page 118 ===
Case 25-12177-LSS    Doc 18    Filed 12/15/25    Page 118 of 124

potential limited partner would have agreed to constrain its discretion to approve

budgets.

Ultimately, none of the relevant tests support implying a good faith term.

Because Rigmora had no implied duty to breach, ATP’s claim fails.

C. 
Declaratory Relief

ATP also seeks two forms of declaratory relief: a declaration that ATP’s filing

of this action does not violate the Exculpation Provision and is consistent with the

Discretionary-Action Provision of the LPA, and a declaration that parties have not

amended the Global Default Provision.398

Declaratory relief “is appropriate only if there is an actual controversy between

the parties.”399 The Delaware Supreme Court has articulated four prerequisites for

to an “actual controversy”:

(1) It must be a controversy involving the rights or other 
legal relations of the party seeking declaratory relief; (2) it 
must be a controversy in which the claim of right or other 
legal interest is asserted against one who has an interest 
in contesting the claim; (3) the controversy must be 
between parties whose interests are real and adverse; 
(4) the issue involved in the controversy must be ripe for 
judicial determination.400

On the fourth factor specified by the high court, “[a] ripeness determination requires

a commonsense assessment of whether the interests of the party seeking immediate

398 PTO ¶ 74(f); Dkt. 266, [Proposed] Order and Final Judgment ¶¶ 2(b), 2(d).

399 Dana Corp. v. LTV Corp., 668 A.2d 752, 755 (Del. Ch. 1995).

400 XL Specialty Ins. Co. v. WMI Liquid. Tr., 93 A.3d 1208, 1217 (Del. 2014) (quoting 
Stroud v. Milliken Enters., Inc., 552 A.2d 476, 479–80 (Del. 1989)).

76

=== page 119 ===
Case 25-12177-LSS    Doc 18    Filed 12/15/25    Page 119 of 124

relief outweigh the concerns of the court in postponing review until the question

arises in some more concrete and final form.”401  A dispute is ripe if “litigation sooner

or later appears to be unavoidable” and “the material facts are static.”402  Ultimately,

Delaware’s approach to declaratory relief and ripeness leaves the determination to

the discretion of the court.403 “The [c]ourt may . . . properly decline to entertain a

declaratory judgment claim where another remedy is available and would be more

‘effective or efficient.’”404

1. 
The Exculpation And Discretionary-Action Provisions

ATP seeks a declaratory judgment that ATP’s filing of this action was in good

faith, falls within the Exculpation Provision, and was authorized under the

401 XL Specialty, 93 A.3d at 1217 (citation modified); see also Nask4Innovation Sp. 
Z.o.o. v. Sellers, 2022 WL 4127621, at *4 (Del. Ch. Sept. 12, 2022) (“In determining 
whether a dispute is ripe, the Court must take a practical view of all relevant facts 
and make a common-sense determination of whether adjudicating a dispute at 
present is a prudent use of judicial resources.”).

402 XL Specialty, 93 A.3d at 1217 (quoting Julian v. Julian, 2009 WL 29371212, at *3 
(Del. Ch. Sept. 9, 2009)) (citation modified).

403 See Stroud v. Milliken Enters., Inc., 552 A.2d at 480 (“The reasons for not 
rendering a hypothetical opinion must be weighed against the benefits to be derived 
from the rendering of a declaratory judgment.  This weighing process requires “the 
exercise of judicial discretion[.]”); Horizon Pers. Commc’ns, Inc. v. Sprint Corp., 2006 
WL 2337592, at *17 (Del. Ch. Aug. 4, 2006) (“The ripeness of a dispute is a matter 
entrusted to the discretion of the trial court.” (quoting UbiquiTel Inc. v. Sprint Corp., 
2006 WL 44424, at *2 (Del. Ch. Jan. 4, 2006))) (citation modified).

404 Walton v. Walton, 2025 WL 2555839, at *8 (Del. Ch. Sept. 2, 2025) (quoting Reylek 
v. Albence, 2023 WL 4633411, at *6 (Del. Super. July 19, 2023)); see also Markusic v. 
Blum, 2021 WL 2456637, at *4–5 (Del. Ch. June 16, 2021), aff’d, 284 A.3d 1017 (Del. 
2022) (declining to issue declaratory judgment where concurrent litigation in another 
court would sufficiently address the controversy); Burris v. Cross, 583 A.2d 1364, 
1370–76 (Del. Super. Ct. 1990) (same).

77

=== page 120 ===
Case 25-12177-LSS    Doc 18    Filed 12/15/25    Page 120 of 124

Discretionary-Action Provision.405  ATP seeks this declaration in part because

Rigmora argues in the Cayman Litigation that ATP filed this action in breach of its

fiduciary duties.

Rigmora argues that ATP’s claim under the Exculpatory Provision is unusual.

Exculpatory provisions shield a covered person from liability for covered claims.  And

there is no ripe claim here, because Rigmora does not argue in this dispute that ATP

breached its fiduciary duties.406

Rigmora has the better of the argument here; ATP’s request for declaratory

judgment is not suitable for resolution in this forum.  Delaware law governs a gross

negligence standard in the Exculpation Provision; but otherwise, Cayman law

governs both the Exculpatory Provision and the Discretionary-Action Provision.

Further, the underlying dispute around whether ATP’s filing of this action constitutes

405 Compl. ¶ 196; PTO ¶ 74(f); LPA ¶ 2(g) (“To the fullest extent permitted by law, 
neither the General Partner nor any of its affiliates shall incur liability . . . provided 
that in any such case (i) the General Partner’s or such affiliate’s course of conduct 
was in good faith and (ii) such course of conduct did not constitute willful fraud, 
willful misconduct, gross negligence as determined under the laws of the State of 
Delaware without regard to otherwise governing principles of conflicts of law (“Gross 
Negligence”) or an intentional and material breach of this Agreement on the part of 
the General Partner[.]”; LPA ¶ 18(g)(iv) (“In determining what action, if any, shall be 
taken against a Limited Partner in connection with such Limited Partner’s breach of 
this Agreement, the General Partner shall seek to obtain a favorable result (as 
determined by the General Partner in its sole discretion . . . . To the fullest extent 
permitted by law, each Limited Partner hereby specifically agrees that, in the event 
such Limited Partner violates the terms of this Agreement, such Limited Partner 
shall not be entitled to claim that the Partnership or any of the other Partners are 
precluded, on the basis of any fiduciary or other duty arising in respect of such 
Limited Partner’s status as such, from seeking any of the remedies permitted under 
this Agreement or applicable law.”).

406 Rigmora Post-Trial Br. at 61–62.

78

=== page 121 ===
Case 25-12177-LSS    Doc 18    Filed 12/15/25    Page 121 of 124

a breach of its fiduciary duties is central to Rigmora’s Winding Up Petition in the

Cayman Litigation.407  As a commonsense matter, this court has little reason to

resolve the issue, which was not a core dispute in this litigation.408  The factual

findings in this decision speak for themselves.  And Cayman court is well positioned

to assess their implications under Cayman law.  Commonsense dictates reserving

judgment on both of ATP’s requests for declaratory relief concerning the Exculpatory

and Discretionary-Action Provisions.

2. 
Global Default Provisions

ATP seeks a declaratory judgment concerning the Global Default Provision,

although the nature of the ATP’s requested declaration has evolved over the course

of this litigation.

In its Complaint, ATP requested a declaration that Rigmora is “in breach of its

funding and budget approval obligations sufficient to qualify as a Defaulting

Partner.”409  ATP requested similar relief in the Pre-Trial Order.410  The Writ

Injunction, however, prohibits ATP from “taking any steps against [Rigmora] to

enforce any purported default provisions” related to the May 30 and June 1 capital

calls.411  At trial, therefore, ATP withdrew any request contrary to the Writ

407 JX-1417 ¶ 26; ATP Post-Trial Reply Br. at 44.

408 See id.

409 Markusic, 2021 WL 2456637, at *5.

410 PTO ¶ 74(a)(iv) (requesting a declaration that Rigmora “breached [its] obligations 
under the LPA to fund and approve budgets sufficient to qualify as a Defaulting 
Partner”).

411 JX-1434 ¶ 1. Compare Compl. ¶ 183–92, with PTO ¶ 74(a)(iv).

79

=== page 122 ===
Case 25-12177-LSS    Doc 18    Filed 12/15/25    Page 122 of 124

Injunction.412  In post-trial briefing, ATP seeks a far more limited declaration, asking

for “an order declaring that the Global Default provision[,]” Paragraph 5(c) of the

LPA, “governs defaults” and “ha[s] not been altered or amended.”413

As currently framed, ATP’s request is so narrow as to be undisputed, as

Rigmora does not deny that the Global Default Provisions have never been

amended.414  Because there is not dispute between the parties on this point, there is

no actual controversy.  ATP’s request for declaratory relief is not ripe.  For that

reason, it is dismissed.

D. 
Attorney’s Fees

ATP requested attorney’s fees under the “loser pays” principles of Cayman

Island laws and the Common Law in the Complaint and in the Pre-Trial Order.415

The Pre-Trial Order referred the court to ATP’s pre-trial brief for a discussion of

disputed issues, but ATP’s pre-trial brief did not address the issue.416  Rigmora

addressed this issue directly in pre-trial briefing, arguing that the American rule

under Delaware law governs the issue of attorney’s fees.417  ATP’s post-trial opening

brief made no mention of attorneys’ fees.  ATP did not address this issue until its

post-trial reply brief and then did so in a cursory fashion.

412 ATP Pre-Trial Br. at 56 n.22.

413 ATP Post-Trial Opening Br. at 82; Dkt. 266, [Proposed] Order and Final Judgment 
¶¶ 2(b), 2(d).

414 See Rigmora Post-Trial Br. at 60.

415 PTO ¶ 74(g).

416 See generally ATP Post-Trial Opening Br.

417 Rigmora Post-Trial Br. at 62.

80

=== page 123 ===
Case 25-12177-LSS    Doc 18    Filed 12/15/25    Page 123 of 124

Whether a party has waived an argument by failing to raise it in briefing is a

procedural matter, so Delaware law governs whether ATP’s request for attorneys’

fees has been waived.418  “It is settled Delaware law that a party waives an argument

by not including it in its brief.”419  “[A]n issue not raised in post-trial briefing has been

waived, even if it was properly raised pre-trial.”420

ATP’s failure to meaningfully brief the issue of its entitlement to fees under

Cayman law until its post-trial reply brief constituted waiver.  Thus, to the extent

that Cayman law supports awarding ATP its attorney’s fees and expenses, which this

decision does not address, the claim is denied.

III. 
CONCLUSION

Excluding the Capital Call for Replicate, Rigmora is ordered to specifically

perform its obligation to fund the Capital Calls.  ATP is not entitled to specific

performance relating to the budgeting approvals.  ATP’s request for a declaratory

judgment concerning the Exculpatory Provision or the Discretionary-Action Provision

are held in abeyance.  ATP’s request for a declaratory judgment concerning the Global

418 See Wheeler v. Wheeler, 636 A.2d 888, 891 (Del. 1993); Americas Mining Corp. v. 
Theriault, 51 A.3d 1213, 1264 (Del. 2012) (Berger, J., concurring) (unanimously 
holding that “the motion for reargument is procedurally barred under Delaware law, 
because the issue raised on reargument was not fully and fairly presented in the 
Defendants’ opening briefs”); Chaplake Hldgs., LTD. v. Chrysler Corp., 766 A.2d 1, 6 
(Del. 2001).

419 Emerald P’rs v. Berlin, 2003 WL 21003437, at *43 (Del. Ch. Apr. 28, 
2003), aff’d, 840 A.2d 641 (Del. 2003).

420 Oxbow Carbon & Mins. Hldgs., Inc. v. Crestview-Oxbow Acq., LLC, 202 A.3d 482, 
502 n.77 (Del. 2019); see also In re IBP, Inc. S’holders Litig., 789 A.2d 14, 62 (Del. Ch. 
2001).

81

=== page 124 ===
Case 25-12177-LSS    Doc 18    Filed 12/15/25    Page 124 of 124

Default Provision is dismissed.  ATP is noted entitled to its attorney’s fees under the

Cayman law’s loser-pays rule.  The parties are ordered to submit a form of order or

competing forms of order implementing this decision within three business days.

82

