=== page 1 ===
Case 25-90607   Document 19   Filed in TXSB on 11/05/25   Page 1 of 32

IN THE UNITED STATES BANKRUPTCY COURT

FOR THE SOUTHERN DISTRICT OF TEXAS

HOUSTON DIVISION

------------------------------------------------------------ x

In re:

Chapter 11

Case No. 25-90607 (ARP)

F-STAR SOCORRO, L.P., et al.,

Debtors. 1

Jointly Administered

:
:
:
:
:
:
:

------------------------------------------------------------ x

DECLARATION OF LANCE MILLER IN SUPPORT OF THE  
DEBTORS’ CHAPTER 11 PETITIONS AND FIRST DAY PLEADINGS

I, Lance Miller, declare under penalty of perjury:  
 
1. 
I am the Managing Partner of Pivot Management Group, LLC (“Pivot”) and

the Chief Restructuring Officer of F-Star Socorro, L.P. and Five Star Development Properties,

LLC, as debtors and debtors in possession in the above-captioned chapter 11 cases and managing

members of certain other subsidiaries and affiliates (collectively, the “Debtors,” and together with

the Debtors’ non-debtor affiliates, “Five Star” or the “Company”).

2. 
Pivot is a financial advisory firm located at 1230 Rosecrans Ave., Suite 300-

PMB928, Manhattan Beach, California, 90266. Pivot provides a broad range of corporate advisory

1 The Debtors in these cases, along with the last four digits of each Debtor’s federal tax identification number, are F-
Star Socorro, L.P. (7438); JNY, L.P. (3609); JNY II, L.P. (3041); 5 Star Tech I, L.P. (4020); 5 Star Tech II-1, LP 
(5916); 5 Star Tech II-4, LP (2357); 5-Star Tech II-2, L.P. (6602); F-Star Socorro Holding Co., LLC (6729); JNY 
Mezz, LLC (N/A); JNY Building Owner, LLC (6282); JNY II Mezz, LLC (N/A); JNY II Building Owner, LLC 
(9687); 5 Star Tech I GP, LLC (N/A); 5 Star Tech II-1 GP, LLC (N/A); 5 Star Tech II-4 GP, LLC (N/A); 1340 Bob 
Hope Drive Parent, LLC (N/A); 1340 Bob Hope Drive Owner, LLC (4986); 11751 Alameda Avenue Parent, LLC 
(N/A); 11751 Alameda Avenue Owner, LLC (2300); Unit 82 El Paso Owner, LLC (2399); Southwest Rojas Parent, 
LLC (N/A); Southwest Rojas, LLC (N/A); FSPV Mezz C Sub LLC (5233); FSPV Res C, LLC (8745); Five Star 
Development Properties, LLC (2183); Five Star Development Resort Communities, LLC (1282); Five Star Resort 
Holdings Parent, LLC (N/A); Five Star Resort Holdings, LLC (N/A); Five Star Resort Mezz, LLC (N/A); Five Star 
Resort Owner, LLC (4994); Five Star Land Holdings Parent, LLC (N/A); Five Star Land Holdings (AZ), LLC (N/A); 
Five Star Land Mezz, LLC (N/A); and Five Star Land Owner, LLC (2183). The Debtors’ mailing address in these 
chapter 11 cases is 6720 N. Scottsdale Rd., #130, Scottsdale, AZ 85253.

=== page 2 ===
Case 25-90607   Document 19   Filed in TXSB on 11/05/25   Page 2 of 32

services to its clients including, without limitation, restructuring, strategic and transaction

advisory, and strategic communications services. As the Managing Partner of Pivot, I have

extensive experience in the reorganization and restructuring of troubled companies, both out-of-

court and in chapter 11 proceedings. My experience includes engagements in the following

matters, among others: Maricopa Orchards, LLC, Case No. 27-01102 (E.D. Cal.); In re iCap

Enterprises, Inc., Case No. 23-01243 (Bankr. E.D. Wash.); In re International Longshore and

Warehouse Union, Case No. 23-30662 (Bankr. N.D. Cal.); In re PP Group, LLC, Case No. 20-

10910 (Bankr. D. Del.); In re Easterday Ranches, Inc., Case No. 21-00141 (Bankr. E.D. Wash.);

In re MD America Energy, LLC, Case No. 20-34966 (Bankr. S.D. Tex.); In re Yogaworks, Inc.,

Case No. 20-12599 (Bankr. D. Del.); In re Chesapeake Energy Corp., Case No. 20-32333 (Bankr.

S.D. Tex.); In re Lear Capital, Inc., Case No. 22-10165 (Bankr. D. Del.); In re CalPlant I Holdco,

LLC, Case No. 21-11302 (Bankr. D. Del.); Apex Parks Group, Case No. 22-10165 (Bankr. D.

Del.); Chemtura Corp., Case No. 09-11233 (Bankr. S.D.N.Y.).

3. 
Prior to joining Pivot, I was a partner at Paladin Management Group, a

national turnaround consulting firm that provides turnaround, business and advisory, and

restructuring services over multiple industries and markets. Prior to joining Paladin, I was the

general counsel and chief restructuring officer at Sugarfina, Inc., and general counsel at American

Apparel, Inc. I earned a B.A. degree from the University of California, San Diego, and a J.D.

degree from Boston University School of Law. I have 20 years of experience as an advisor and

fiduciary in corporate restructurings and distressed situations. I have advised companies, creditors,

shareholders, and other stakeholders regarding restructurings and recapitalizations, chapter 11

reorganizations, and mergers and acquisitions.

2

=== page 3 ===
Case 25-90607   Document 19   Filed in TXSB on 11/05/25   Page 3 of 32

4. 
A multi-member team from Pivot has been working with the Debtors since

early October, and I was officially appointed as CRO on November 3, 2025. As a result of Pivot’s

work with the Debtors, their affiliates, and the Debtors’ other advisors, I have become generally

familiar with the Company’s day-to-day operations, financial matters, operations, and underlying

books and records. Except as otherwise indicated, all facts set forth in this Declaration are based

on my personal knowledge, my discussions with other members of the Debtors’ management,

employees, and advisors, my review of relevant documents, or my opinion based on my

experience, knowledge, and information concerning the Debtors’ operations and financial

condition. If called to testify, I would testify competently to the facts set forth in this Declaration.

I am authorized to submit this Declaration on behalf of the Debtors.

5. 
On November 4, 2025 (the “Petition Date”), the Debtors commenced

voluntary cases under chapter 11 of the Bankruptcy Code in the United States Bankruptcy Court

for the Southern District of Texas. I submit this Declaration to describe the Debtors’ background

and the circumstances that led to the Debtors’ chapter 11 filings. I also submit this Declaration in

support of relief the Debtors have requested in the “first day” applications and motions filed with

the Court (collectively, the “First Day Pleadings”). All of the relief sought in the First Day

Pleadings is necessary to stabilize the Debtors’ operations, minimize potential adverse effects of

filing bankruptcy, and ease the administrative burden of operating in chapter 11.

6. 
This Declaration is divided into five parts: Part I sets forth an executive

summary. Part II describes the Debtors’ businesses, organizational structure, and prepetition

indebtedness. Part III describes the circumstances leading to the commencement of these chapter

11 cases. Part IV describes the Debtors’ objectives for these cases. Part V summarizes the First

3

=== page 4 ===
Case 25-90607   Document 19   Filed in TXSB on 11/05/25   Page 4 of 32

Day Pleadings and explains why the relief requested in those pleadings is appropriate and

necessary.

I. 
EXECUTIVE SUMMARY

7. 
The Debtors are a commercial real estate company that develops and invests

in residential, hospitality, retail, office and industrial real estate. Within the Debtors’ portfolio, are

several commercial and industrial properties in El Paso, Texas (collectively, the “Commercial

Properties”) and a 122-acre ultra-luxury mixed-use development located at the border of Paradise

Valley and Scottsdale, Arizona (the “Project”). The Project is anchored by a new-build Ritz-

Carlton Resort—the first ground-up Ritz-Carlton resort constructed in over 15 years—surrounded

by eighty custom-built Ritz-Carlton-branded villas and thirty high-end estate homes. Later phases,

including The Palmeraie, will include additional luxury residential, retail, entertainment, dining,

and other amenities. The Debtors also own and operate several commercial and industrial

properties in El Paso, Texas.

8. 
The Project is largely completed. 44 of the villas already sold and multiple

others are ready to close over the next several months. Substantially all infrastructure on the Project

is complete, and ready to enter the final phases of construction. Unfortunately, the Project has been

substantially or entirely stalled since early 2025, when the Company’s senior secured lender,

Madison Realty Capital L.P., and its affiliated single-purpose vehicle, RC PV Lender 1 LLC

(collectively, “Madison”), slowed and ultimately halted funding for the Project. The Debtors

believe that Madison is engaged in a long-running “loan to own” scheme involving Madison’s

substantial and improper interference with development efforts in an effort to over-lever the

Project and delay the Debtors’ ability to close on sales or other refinancing transactions that could

4

=== page 5 ===
Case 25-90607   Document 19   Filed in TXSB on 11/05/25   Page 5 of 32

repay Madison’s loans. These are not simply unproven allegations. Indeed, as discussed more fully

herein, following a two-day evidentiary hearing, a Texas state court entered the following finding:

[T]here has been no breach of or default under the Construction 
Loan Agreement by the Plaintiffs or any of the Borrowers pursuant 
to which foreclosure at this time would be proper; alternatively, if 
there has been such a breach or default, then the breach or default 
was artificially instigated, induced, and caused by [Madison’s] acts 
of manipulation and fraud in breach of their duty of good faith and 
fair dealing under the Construction Loan Agreement and in 
repudiation of Defendants’ obligation under the said agreement and 
of the Borrowers’ rights thereunder.  
 
Restraining Order and Order Setting Hearing for Temporary Injunction, JNY Building Owner, LLC

et al. v. Madison Realty Capital, L.P. et al., Cause No. 2025DCV1925, at 1–2 (205th Jud. Dist.,

El Paso Cty., Tex., May 2, 2025) (emphasis added).

9. 
Undeterred by the Texas court’s findings, two days after the Texas court

entered its findings, Madison commenced a foreclosure sale to take possession and ownership of

the Project and other Arizona collateral. The “defaults” alleged by Madison in the Arizona

foreclosure effort were the same defaults that the Texas court already found were contrived.

10. 
The Debtors commenced these Chapter 11 proceedings to, once and for all,

bring Madison’s collection efforts and forum shopping to a conclusion. The Debtors intend to

complete the Project for the benefit of all stakeholders, including the local community and

employees. Without this proceeding, the Debtors could permanently lose this irreplaceable real

property and the years of investment, relationships, branding and goodwill. In addition, the Debtors

plan to use these proceedings to address certain issues related to the Commercial Properties,

including disputes with the lender of those properties regarding the Debtors’ compliance with

certain insurance and tax obligations.

5

=== page 6 ===
Case 25-90607   Document 19   Filed in TXSB on 11/05/25   Page 6 of 32

11. 
Chapter 11 is the only proceeding that will preserve the value of the

Debtors’ business through the imposition of the automatic stay, while providing a forum to

expeditiously pursue a plan of reorganization that will provide for the exit capital necessary to

complete the Project. The Debtors also expect to file an adversary proceeding against Madison in

the coming days which will seek to hold Madison accountable for its breaches, interference and

bad faith conduct, and assert claims that only exist under the Bankruptcy Code to determine the

proper amount of Madison’s claim (as well as any liability Madison and others may have to the

Debtors).

12. 
Completion of this Project is critically important to not only the Debtors,

but also multiple vendors, contractors, lienholders, employees, villa and estate owners, and

Paradise Valley and Scottsdale—which have long supported the Debtors and the development of

the Project. The Debtors look forward to moving expeditiously through these chapter 11 cases,

culminating in confirmation of a plan of reorganization as early as possible in 2026.

II. 
OVERVIEW OF THE DEBTORS’ BUSINESS OPERATIONS

13. 
The Debtors own and operate a diversified portfolio of commercial real

estate properties, including hotel, retail, office, and industrial properties. In 1978, Five Star,

founded by Gerald C. Ayoub (“Ayoub”), established business in the El Paso/Ciudad Juarez border

region.

14. 
Organizational charts illustrating the Debtors’ organizational structure,

including for the Arizona and Texas properties, is attached as Exhibit A. Ayoub directly or

indirectly owns the equity interests in each of the Debtors or controls and holds the power to vote

20% or more of the voting securities of each of the Debtors. Property-owning Debtors are wholly-

6

=== page 7 ===
Case 25-90607   Document 19   Filed in TXSB on 11/05/25   Page 7 of 32

owned by upstream holding companies that are ultimately controlled by Ayoub directly or

indirectly by non-Debtor entities controlled by Ayoub.

A. The Project

15. 
As noted above, the Debtors’ flagship development is The Ritz-Carlton,

Paradise Valley, Palmeraie—a 122-acre, master-planned luxury destination located at the border

of Paradise Valley and Scottsdale, Arizona. When complete, it will be the first in the United States

to integrate a new-build Ritz-Carlton resort hotel (the “Hotel”), a Ritz-Carlton-branded residential

community of villas (the “Villas”) and luxury estate homes (the “Estate Homes,” and together

with the Villas, the “Residences”), and a luxury retail, dining, and experiential district known as

The Palmeraie (“The Palmeraie”) within a single walkable environment.

a) Key Components of the Project

16. 
The Project’s design integrates three distinct yet complementary

components, each intended to anchor it as a world-class destination.

• The Ritz-Carlton, Paradise Valley Resort. A newly constructed, 215-room ultra-
luxury resort that will feature a 16,000-square-foot spa, more than 80,000 square 
feet of outdoor event space with panoramic mountain views, a signature 400-foot 
pool, and globally recognized restaurants, including Mott 32 and Carbone. Once 
operational, the Hotel will be operated by The Ritz-Carlton Hotel Company, LLC, 
a subsidiary of Marriott International, Inc. (“Marriott”).

• Ritz-Carlton–Branded Residences. A resort-integrated enclave comprising 80 
Villas (fully pre-sold) and 32 private Estate Homes, several of which are already 
occupied, under construction, or under contract. All homes feature direct access to 
the Hotel and retail district, with design standards synchronized to the Ritz-
Carlton’s global residential program. Additional residential phases have been 
approved for future release.

• The Palmeraie. A fully entitled 29-acre district planned to include 
approximately 160,000 square feet of world-class luxury retail, dining, and 
experiential offerings, designed as a walkable open-air extension of the Hotel. 
Multiple global luxury brands have executed leases or LOIs. Additional phases are 
approved for branded condominiums and office-integrated lifestyle assets.

7

=== page 8 ===
Case 25-90607   Document 19   Filed in TXSB on 11/05/25   Page 8 of 32

17. 
Renderings and current construction photographs reflect a project

substantially complete and ready to deliver the benefits long anticipated by the Paradise Valley

and Scottdale communities.

18. 
The Hotel pool area will have a direct view of Camelback Mountain and

will be the longest pool in North America. Below is the rendering of the final pool area and pictures

of the current site:

8

=== page 9 ===
Case 25-90607   Document 19   Filed in TXSB on 11/05/25   Page 9 of 32

19. 
Hotel construction is in its final phase, with substantially all infrastructure

complete, and luxury interior finishes ready to begin once court approvals are finalized. By way

of illustration, below are renderings of the exterior of the Project and the current construction site:

9

=== page 10 ===
Case 25-90607   Document 19   Filed in TXSB on 11/05/25   Page 10 of 32

20. 
Many of the Villas and Estate Homes are complete and already occupied,

as shown below:

10

=== page 11 ===
Case 25-90607   Document 19   Filed in TXSB on 11/05/25   Page 11 of 32

b) Origin and History of the Project

21. 
The Debtors purchased the 122-acre site in May 2007 from an affiliate of

Marriott for development as a mixed-use luxury destination, following a competitive bidding

process that drew several national and international developers. My understanding is that Marriott

selected the Debtors for their proven track record of conceiving and executing large-scale, high-

value developments totaling millions of square feet and billions of dollars in investment across the

Southwest. The Paradise Valley Town Council approved construction in early 2016, and the City

of Scottsdale followed suit in 2017. During a single 2016 residential release, all 80 Ritz-Carlton

Villas were pre-sold within days, generating approximately $250 million in purchase commitments

and demonstrating extraordinary demand even before vertical construction began. Vertical

construction of the hotel and residential components commenced in 2018 and continued through

the Covid-19 pandemic.

22. 
By 2023, the Hotel and Residences were nearing completion, supported by

sustained market demand—including a robust waitlist of prospective buyers—global brand

11

=== page 12 ===
Case 25-90607   Document 19   Filed in TXSB on 11/05/25   Page 12 of 32

strength, and substantial capital already deployed. Unfortunately, disputes with the Debtors’

lender, Madison, interrupted progress and the Debtors’ ability to satisfy their planned timeline for

completing the Project.

B. The Commercial Properties

23. 
The Debtors also own and operate several commercial and industrial

properties in El Paso, Texas, including (i) fully occupied warehouse and distribution facilities

located at (x) 1273 Joe Battle Boulevard, El Paso, Texas; 1277 Joe Battle Boulevard, El Paso,

Texas; 1281 Joe Battle Boulevard, El Paso, Texas; 1301 Joe Battle Boulevard, El Paso, Texas; and

1321 Joe Battle Boulevard, El Paso, Texas (together, the “Joe Battle Property”) totaling over

775,000 square feet of net rentable area on over 40 acres of land; (y) 11751 Alameda Avenue, El

Paso, Texas (the “11751 Alameda Property”) totaling over 1,445,000 square feet of net rentable

area on over 66 acres of land; and (z) 1340 Bob Hope Drive, El Paso, Texas (the “1340 Bob Hope

Property”) totaling over 190,000 square feet of net rentable area on over 9 acres of land; and

(ii) vacant warehouse and distribution facilities at 11891 Alameda Avenue, El Paso, Texas (the

“11891 Alameda Property”) totaling over 860,000 square feet of net rentable land on over 34

acres. In addition, the Debtors own over 107 acres of vacant developable land in El Paso.

24. 
These properties were developed by the Five Star team and Five Star

continues to manage the portfolio using in-house personnel. Other than 11891 Alameda Property

and the undeveloped land, the portfolio is fully leased to thirteen tenants under long term leases

expiring anywhere from 2026 to 2036. Notably, average in place rents are approximately 30%

below market, meaning there will be a significant amount of income and value creation as near

term leases expire.

12

=== page 13 ===
Case 25-90607   Document 19   Filed in TXSB on 11/05/25   Page 13 of 32

C. The Debtors’ Prepetition Indebtedness

a) The Madison Loan

25. 
On or about May 11, 2023, certain of the Debtors entered into a

Construction Loan Agreement with Madison (the “CLA”), providing for funding up to $585

million towards the Project. The CLA is secured by collateral located in both Texas and Arizona.

The pledged collateral in Arizona consists of five parcels: the Palmeraie Scottsdale, the Palmeraie

Paradise Valley, the Ritz-Carlton Resort, Ritz-Carlton Villas, and Ritz-Carlton Estate Homes or

Lots. The Texas Collateral includes 1340 Bob Hope Property, 11891 Alameda Property, 11801

Alameda Ave., El Paso, TX, 12183 Alameda Ave., El Paso, TX, and land located at the 11751

Alameda Property. The CLA is personally guaranteed by Ayoub.

26. 
On May 21, 2025, based on largely undisclosed calculations, Madison

claimed that the Loan had been fully funded and no funds remain to complete construction.

27. 
The Debtors have not completed an analysis of perfection under the CLA,

and as noted below, substantial disputes exist with respect to the amount, allowance, appropriate

treatment of, and potential setoff against the CLA.

b) The Alameda Corebridge Loan

28. 
On December 27, 2023, Debtor F-Star Socorro Holding Co., LLC

(“Socorro Holding”) entered into that certain Loan Agreement with AIG Asset Management

(U.S.), LLC (“AIG”), wherein AIG furnished a $77 million loan (the “Alameda Corebridge

Loan”) to Socorro Holding, evidenced by various promissory notes dated December 27, 2023

between Socorro Holding and each of American General Life Insurance Company, National Union

Fire Insurance Company of Pittsburgh, PA, and SV 2022-1 Commercial Mortgage Holdings

Company, LLC. The obligations of Socorro Holding under the Alameda Corebridge Loan are

13

=== page 14 ===
Case 25-90607   Document 19   Filed in TXSB on 11/05/25   Page 14 of 32

secured by the 11751 Alameda Property as evidenced by that certain Deed of Trust, Security

Agreement, Fixture Filing, Financing Statement and Assignment of Leases and Rents dated

December 27, 2023 for the 11751 Alameda Property. The Alameda Corebridge Loan is personally

guaranteed by Ayoub.

c) The Joe Battle Corebridge Loan

29. 
On December 27, 2023, Debtors 5 Star Tech I, L.P., 5 Star Tech II-1, LP,

and 5 Star Tech II-4, LP (together, the “5 Star Borrowers”) entered into that certain Loan

Agreement with AIG wherein AIG furnished a $41.8 million loan (the “Joe Battle Corebridge

Loan”) to the 5 Star Borrowers, evidenced by various promissory notes dated December 27, 2023

between the 5 Star Borrowers and each of American General Life Insurance Company, National

Union Fire Insurance Company of Pittsburgh, PA, and SV 2022-1 Commercial Mortgage Holdings

Company, LLC. The obligations of the 5 Star Borrowers under the Joe Battle Corebridge Loan are

secured by the Joe Battle Property as evidenced by that certain Deed of Trust, Security Agreement,

Fixture Filing, Financing Statement, and Assignment of Leases and Rents dated December 27,

2023 for the Joe Battle Property. The Joe Battle Corebridge Loan is personally guaranteed by

Ayoub.

III. 
EVENTS LEADING TO THE COMMENCEMENT OF THESE CHAPTER 11 CASES

A. The Company Alleges that Madison Embarked on a Loan to Own Strategy.

30. 
The Debtors’ relationship with Madison began to deteriorate almost

immediately after the CLA closed. The Debtors believe that Madison has embarked on a long-

running “loan to own” scheme, designed to capture all of the financial upside for Madison’s owners

and investors and to the exclusion of the Debtors’ other stakeholders. The Debtors’ allegations

14

=== page 15 ===
Case 25-90607   Document 19   Filed in TXSB on 11/05/25   Page 15 of 32

towards Madison are encompassed in the Arizona complaint (discussed below), a copy of which

is attached hereto as Exhibit B. Those allegations include the following:

• Madison allowed, encouraged, and directed the Debtors’ general contractors to 
exceed controls in construction agreements (known as Guaranteed Maximum 
Price controls), as part of an effort to cause the Debtors to burn through loan 
proceeds and over-lever the Project and engineer defaults under the CLA.

• Madison directed that the Debtors’ general contractors prioritize completion of 
the Residences and delay construction of the Hotel, in order to disrupt the 
Debtors’ ability to complete their timeline for completing the entire Project and 
maximize Madison’s near-term returns.

• Madison engineered alleged “defaults” under the CLA, in order to force the 
Debtors to provide successive acknowledgements and releases of liability and 
pave the way for a clear foreclosure effort.

• Once the foreclosure effort began, Madison engaged directly with local 
governmental officials in order to stop the issuance of certificates of occupancy 
for Villa and Estate Home sales and to continue starving the Debtors of 
resources to resist Madison’s efforts.

B. Madison Stops Funding, and the Texas Court Determines that Madison

Committed Acts of Manipulation and Fraud in Breach of their Duty of Good Faith 
and Fair Dealing.

31. 
On or about April 9, 2025, Madison declared a default under the CLA,

stopped funding towards development of the Project (other than sales of Villas that resulted in

immediate closing proceeds to Madison), and scheduled a foreclosure of the Debtors’ Texas

collateral. The Debtors commenced an action in the Texas Judicial Court for the City of El Paso

(the “Texas Court”) to enjoin the foreclosure and determine whether a default properly existed

under the CLA. The Texas Court held a two-day evidentiary hearing on the Debtors’ request for a

temporary restraining order, and received evidence (including testimony) from both parties.

Following that hearing, on May 2, 2025, the Texas court granted a temporary restraining order

barring the foreclosure, and ordered a hearing to determine whether a preliminary injunction

should be entered. See JNY Building Owner, LLC et al. v. Madison Realty Capital, L.P. et al.,

15

=== page 16 ===
Case 25-90607   Document 19   Filed in TXSB on 11/05/25   Page 16 of 32

Cause No. 2025DCV1925 (205th Jud. Dist., El Paso Cty., Tex.). In so holding, the Texas Court

ruled that

there exists a probable, imminent immediate danger of irreparable 
injury, loss, harm, and damage to the four [Five Star] Texas 
borrowers and . . . there has been no breach of or default under the 
Construction Loan Agreement by the Plaintiffs or any of the 
Borrowers pursuant to which foreclosure at this time would be 
proper; alternatively, if there has been such a breach or default, 
then the breach or default was artificially instigated, induced, and 
caused by Madison Realty Capital, L.P.’s and RC PV Lender I 
LLC’s acts of manipulation and fraud in breach of their duty of 
good faith and fair dealing under the Construction Loan 
Agreement and in repudiation of Defendants’ obligations under the 
said agreement and of the Borrowers’ rights thereunder. 
 
Temporary Restraining Order and Order Setting Hearing for Temporary Injunction, JNY Building

Owner, LLC et al. v. Madison Realty Capital, L.P. et al., Cause No. 2025DCV1925, at 1–2 (205th

Jud. Dist., El Paso Cty., Tex., May 2, 2025) (emphasis added) (quotations omitted).

32. 
On June 9 and 10, 2025, the Texas Court held an evidentiary hearing to

determine whether to issue a temporary injunction pending trial.

33. 
After the evidentiary hearing, the Texas Court found the Debtor plaintiffs

had demonstrated a “probable right of recovery” on their claims and enjoined foreclosure pending

trial. The Texas Court found:

• The evidence presented “bona fide issues regarding whether Madison and RC PV 
repudiated the Loan obligations;”

• The evidence presented “bona fide issues regarding whether Madison and RC PV, 
acting together, first breached the Loan and/or repudiated the Construction Loan 
Agreement, thus excusing any subsequent breach(es) by Plaintiffs or any of 
Borrowers;”

• The evidence presented “bona fide issues regarding [Five Star’s] claims that, from 
the outset, Madison and RC PV deceived and manipulated the Loan, the Plaintiffs, 
the Borrowers, and the contractors and subcontractors working on the Arizona 
development project in order to orchestrate and cause the defaults claimed by 
Madison and RC PV such that Madison and RC PV are estopped to rely on such 
defaults and/or the purported releases;”

16

=== page 17 ===
Case 25-90607   Document 19   Filed in TXSB on 11/05/25   Page 17 of 32

• Defendants Madison and RC PV have failed to establish the amount presently due 
on the Loan and [Five Star] dispute[s] any Loan balance otherwise claimed by 
Madison and RC PV;”

• The evidence presented “bona fide issues regarding the accuracy and validity of the 
balance claimed by Madison and RC PV on the Loan and whether or not the sums 
claimed by Madison and RC PV are liquidated or unliquidated, including evidence 
that Madison and RC PV have failed to credit all of Borrowers’ payments on the 
Loan; have failed to properly apply and account for Borrowers’ payments on the 
Loan; have claimed accrued interest at rates in excess of the rates permitted under 
the Loan; have provided conflicting, and therefor questionable account statements 
to the Borrowers; have maintained inaccurate and incomplete records of the sums 
claimed by Madison and RC PV as loan advances or loan debits and credits in favor 
of the Borrowers, thus calling into question the accuracy of the sums claimed by 
Madison and RC PV as the balance due on the Loan; have refused to provide a full 
accounting of the sums and debits and credits included in the Loan balance; have 
failed to provide accountings sufficient for Borrowers to determine the validity of 
the various balances claimed by Madison and RC PV; and have not been transparent 
with the Borrowers (including Plaintiffs) regarding the loan balance or the credits 
and debits applied to arrive at the loan balance reported by Madison and RC PV…”

See Temporary Injunction JNY Building Owner, LLC et al. v. Madison Realty Capital, L.P. et al.,

Cause No. 2025DCV19205, at 5–6 (205th Jud. Dist., El Paso Cty., Tex., July 1, 2025).

34. 
Madison initially appealed the injunction order, but abandoned the appeal

after the Debtors filed their answering brief. See Madison Realty Cap., L.P. v. JNY Bldg. Owner,

LLC, No. 08-25-00179-CV, 2025 WL 2936898 (Tex. App.—El Paso Oct. 15, 2025, no pet.)

C. Madison Ignored the Texas Court’s Ruling and Sought to Foreclose Against the

Project.

35. 
On May 5, 2025, the Debtors filed a lender liability action in Arizona state

court against Madison, seeking damages and injunctive relief for Madison’s effort to subvert the

Project. Five Star Resort Owner, LLC, et al. v. RC PV Lender I LLC, et al., Case No. CV2025-

015943 (Ariz. Superior Ct., Maricopa Cty.). That lawsuit is pending.

36. 
Separately, on July 3, 2025, a mere two days after the Texas Court enjoined

foreclosure in Texas, Madison executed a Notice of Trustee’s Sale of the Arizona collateral

(including the Project). However, Madison did not record or serve notice until August. After

17

=== page 18 ===
Case 25-90607   Document 19   Filed in TXSB on 11/05/25   Page 18 of 32

learning of the threatened Trustee’s Sale, the Debtors moved for entry of a preliminary injunction

enjoining the sale of the Property. My understanding is that the facts and issues presented by

Madison’s effort to foreclose in Arizona are virtually identical to those on which Madison lost in

the Texas action. The foreclosure sale is currently scheduled for November 12, 2025.

37. 
Madison moved to dismiss the Debtors’ complaint and opposed their

application for a temporary restraining order. Not content with that opposition, however, on

October 9, 2025, Madison also filed an application in the Arizona court for a receiver to seize

control and finish the Project it has long stonewalled—turning its own obstruction into a bid for

takeover.

D. Pending Disputes with Corebridge

38. 
Corebridge has noticed certain events of default under the Alameda

Corebridge Loan and the Joe Battle Corebridge Loan due to Socorro Holding and the 5 Star

Borrowers purported failure to honor certain insurance and tax obligations under the agreements.

The Debtors have engaged in constructive discussions with Corebridge regarding such alleged

defaults and hope to resolve any outstanding disputes with Corebridge through these proceedings.

IV. 
OBJECTIVE OF THE BANKRUPTCY CASE

39. 
The Debtors commenced these chapter 11 cases to protect and preserve the

value of their businesses and assets, while obtaining the benefits of the automatic stay and the

breathing spell afforded by the Bankruptcy Code in the face of escalating disputes with Madison—

including the pending foreclosure and receivership actions.

40. 
The Debtors believe that chapter 11 provides the most effective forum to:

(i) consolidate the pending actions in Texas and Arizona, and stay Madison’s ongoing enforcement

actions that threaten to substantially erode going-concern value; (ii) centralize the resolution of the

18

=== page 19 ===
Case 25-90607   Document 19   Filed in TXSB on 11/05/25   Page 19 of 32

parties’ competing claims and defenses under the supervision of this Court; and (iii) facilitate a

value-maximizing restructuring process for the benefit of all stakeholders. Although the Texas

Court has already determined that the Debtors are not in default under the CLA and that Madison

has acted unlawfully, the Debtors cannot risk an adverse ruling in the pending foreclosure and

receivership actions, and potentially losing access to this one-of-a-kind Project that the Debtors

have devoted the last decade to developing.

41. 
Accordingly, the Debtors intend to use these proceedings to achieve two

parallel objectives: (i) engage an investment banker to solicit interest in an exit facility that will

enable the Debtors to restart and complete the Project, which is essential to protect the many

community stakeholders impacted by Madison’s attempted foreclosure and upheaval of this multi-

year Project, and (ii) to determine the proper amount of Madison’s claim and pursue any counter-

claims. With respect to the latter objective, the Debtors intend to file an adversary proceeding

against Madison shortly. In addition, the Debtors intend to use these proceedings to address any

other issues with respect to their broader portfolio, including working with Corebridge to address

any purported defaults under the Alameda Corebridge Loan and the Joe Battle Corebridge Loan.

42. 
The entire region has a substantial stake in the completion of this historic

development and the economic and social benefits it promises to bring to the local community.

The Project has earned broad support from the Town of Paradise Valley, the City of Scottsdale,

local and state officials, and community leaders who recognize its significance to Arizona’s long-

term growth and prosperity. As construction restarts, it will immediately reemploy hundreds of

skilled tradespeople, contractors, suppliers, fabricators, and professionals—reviving a workforce

that previously reached nearly 1,000 at peak activity. Upon completion, the Project is expected to

generate thousands of permanent jobs, provide a durable source of tax revenue for local

19

=== page 20 ===
Case 25-90607   Document 19   Filed in TXSB on 11/05/25   Page 20 of 32

municipalities and the State, and catalyze continued investment across surrounding

neighborhoods. Beyond its direct economic contributions, the Project will serve as a cornerstone

of Arizona’s tourism and hospitality sector—enhancing the State’s profile as a premier destination

and delivering lasting benefits to the community and the region for years to come.

V. 
SUMMARY OF THE FIRST DAY PLEADINGS

43. 
Concurrently with the filing of these chapter 11 cases, the Debtors have

filed the following First Day Pleadings:

a) Debtors’ Emergency Motion for Entry of an Order Directing Joint

Administration of Chapter 11 Cases (“Joint Administration Motion”), 
which has been entered by the Court [Dkt. No. 10];

b) Debtors’ Emergency Motion for Entry of Interim and Final Orders

(I) Authorizing Continued Use of the Debtors’ Existing Cash Management 
System and Bank Accounts; (II) Waiving Certain United States Trustee 
Requirements; (III) Extending Time to Comply With Section 345(b) of the 
Bankruptcy Code; 
(IV) Authorizing Continued Performance of 
Intercompany Transactions; and (V) Granting Related Relief (“Cash 
Management Motion”);

c) Debtors’ Emergency Motion for Entry of an Order (I) Authorizing Payment

of Certain Prepetition Taxes and Fees and (II) Granting Related Relief 
(“Taxes Motion”);

d) Debtors’ Emergency Motion for Entry of an Order (I) Prohibiting Utilities

from Altering, Refusing, or Discontinuing Service; (II) Approving the 
Debtors’ Proposed Form of Adequate Assurance of Payment to Utilities; 
(III) Establishing Procedures for Resolving Objections to the Debtors’ 
Proposed Form of Adequate Assurance; and (IV) Granting Related Relief 
(“Utilities Motion”);

e) Debtors’ Emergency Motion for Entry of an Order (I) Authorizing the

Debtors to (A) Maintain and Renew Their Prepetition Insurance Policies 
and (B) Pay All Obligations in Respect Thereof and (II) Granting Related 
Relief (“Insurance Motion”);

f) Debtors’ Emergency Motion for Entry of an Order (I) Extending Time to

File (A) Schedules and Statements and (III) Granting Related Relief (the 
“Schedules Extension Motion”); and

20

=== page 21 ===
Case 25-90607   Document 19   Filed in TXSB on 11/05/25   Page 21 of 32

g) Debtors’ Emergency Motion For Entry Of Interim And Final Orders (I)

Authorizing The Debtors To Close Pending Real Estate Transactions And 
Sell Assets Free And Clear Of Liens, Claims, Encumbrances, And Other 
Interests And (II) Granting Related Relief (“Real Estate Sales Motion”).

44. 
Having reviewed each of the First Day Pleadings or had their contents

explained to me, I believe that the Debtors would suffer immediate and irreparable harm absent

the ability to continue their business operations as sought in the First Day Pleadings. In my opinion,

approval of the relief sought in the First Day Pleadings is critical to the Debtors’ efforts to

reorganize and conduct these cases efficiently, thus permitting the Debtors to preserve and

maximize value for the benefit of all stakeholders.

45. 
Several of the First Day Pleadings request authority to pay prepetition

claims. I am told by the Debtors’ advisors that Bankruptcy Rule 6003 provides, in relevant part,

that the Bankruptcy Court may not consider motions to pay prepetition claims during the first 21

days following the filing of a chapter 11 petition, “except to the extent relief is necessary to avoid

immediate and irreparable harm.” In light of this exception, the Debtors have limited their requests

for immediate authority to pay prepetition claims to those circumstances where the failure to pay

such claims would cause immediate and irreparable harm to the Debtors and their estates.

Consequently, certain aspects of the relief sought in the First Day Pleadings will be deferred for

consideration at a later hearing, as indicated therein. With respect to the other First Day Pleadings,

set forth below is the reasons why I believe it is imperative that the Bankruptcy Court grant the

relief requested.

A. 
Cash Management Motion

46. 
In the ordinary course of business, the Debtors utilize an integrated network

of bank accounts that enable the Debtors to collect, transfer, and disburse cash (the “Cash

Management System”). The Cash Management System is essential to the efficient execution and

21

=== page 22 ===
Case 25-90607   Document 19   Filed in TXSB on 11/05/25   Page 22 of 32

achievement of the Debtors’ business objectives, and to maximizing the value of their estates. The

Debtors primarily operate their Cash Management System through eight bank accounts at PNC

Bank and AXOS Bank. The Debtors also maintain a brokerage account at Charles Schwab in the

name of Debtor FSPV Res C, LLC to receive proceeds from the sale of land parcels where the

estate homes will be built, a restricted account at U.S. Bank maintained by Fidelity National Title

Insurance Company on behalf of Debtor Five Star Resorts Owner, LLC used to maintain funds for

any construction defects related to sales of Villas, and a checking account at California Bank of

Commerce (“CBC”) in the name of Debtor Five Star Development Communities, LLC, which is

designated to pay certain professional and administrative costs on behalf of the Debtors (all

together with the accounts held at PNC Bank and AXOS Bank, the “Prepetition Bank Accounts”)

47. 
I understand that the Debtors seek authorization to open eleven (11) new

debtor-in-possession bank accounts at CBC (the “DIP Accounts” and together with the Prepetition

Bank Accounts, the “Debtor Bank Accounts”) in the names of Debtors 5 Star Tech I, L.P., 5 Star

Tech II-1 LP, 5 Star Tech II-4, LP, 1340 Bob Hope Drive Owner, LLC, F-Star Socorro Holding

Co., LLC, JNY Building Owner, LLC, and JNY II Building Owner, LLC, Five Star Development

Resort Communities, LLC, and Five Star Resort Owner, LLC, which will be used to, among other

things, receive and hold sweeps of tenant receipts from Prepetition Bank Accounts into DIP

Accounts, hold proceeds of the debtor-in-possession financing, and sale proceeds from the sale of

Villas.

48. 
Further, I understand that, the Debtors and the Non-Debtor Affiliates

historically engaged in intercompany transactions with each other on a regular basis (collectively,

the “Intercompany Transactions”). Under the Debtors’ existing procedures for recording

Intercompany Transactions, the Debtors would record all amounts owing between the Debtors and

22

=== page 23 ===
Case 25-90607   Document 19   Filed in TXSB on 11/05/25   Page 23 of 32

the Non-Debtor Affiliates as receivables or payables. Following the Petition Date, the Debtors

intend to discontinue their historical practice of routing the Debtors’ funds through the Non-Debtor

Operating Accounts via the Intercompany Transactions to enhance transparency, control, and

efficiency in the Debtors’ financial operations during these chapter 11 cases. The modified Cash

Management System is designed to ensure that all funds flow exclusively through Debtor-

controlled DIP Accounts and eliminate the Debtors’ reliance on Non-Debtor Affiliates for the

payment of operating expenses and other necessary disbursements. Accordingly, I understand the

Debtors seek authority to continue such Intercompany Transactions, on an as needed basis, to

enable the transition to the modified Cash Management System.

49. 
The Debtors permit their Banks to deduct service charges and other fees,

costs, and expenses arising in the ordinary course (collectively, the “Bank Fees”) from the Debtor

Bank Accounts. As of the Petition Date, the Debtors owe Bank Fees totaling $225 to PNC.

Accordingly, the Debtors seek authority to pay the outstanding Bank Fees due to PNC and any

other Bank Fees that become due in the ordinary course.

50. 
The Debtors’ ability to continue using the Cash Management System and

Debtor Bank Accounts during these chapter 11 cases is essential to maintaining the Debtors’

businesses and maximizing the value of their estates. The Cash Management System is designed

to reduce the administrative burden on the Debtors by facilitating the movement of funds among

and across all Debtors. The Debtors have proposed modifications to the Cash Management System

that will enhance the Debtors’ control and visibility over their accounts. Requiring the Debtors to

implement an entirely new cash management system would be expensive, onerous, and disruptive.

23

=== page 24 ===
Case 25-90607   Document 19   Filed in TXSB on 11/05/25   Page 24 of 32

51. 
Accordingly, the relief requested in the Cash Management Motion is

necessary to avoid immediate and irreparable harm and is in the best interests of the Debtors’

estates, their creditors, and all other parties in interest.

B. 
Taxes Motion

52. 
The Debtors seek entry of an order authorizing the Debtors, in their

discretion, to pay prepetition property taxes, gross receipts taxes, and all other similar obligations,

including any related penalties and interest (collectively, the “Prepetition Taxes and Fees”), to

various state and local authorities (collectively, the “Authorities”) as such Prepetition Taxes and

Fees come due in the ordinary course. The Debtors incur various tax liabilities and fees, including

late fees and other ancillary costs that they have generally paid to the relevant Authority when due

in the ordinary course of business. I understand that the Debtors estimate that approximately

$5,100,000 in Prepetition Taxes and Fees will become due and payable following the Petition

Date.

53. 
Real Property Taxes. The Debtors incur taxes related to their real property

holdings, payable on an annual and bi-annual basis to the applicable Authority. The Debtors

typically pay their property taxes in the ordinary course as such taxes are invoiced. In El Paso

County, Texas, property tax bills are issued in October each year and are due by January 31 of the

following year, becoming delinquent after February 1. In Maricopa County, Arizona, property tax

bills are issued in September, with the first half payment due October 1 (delinquent after November

1) and the second half payment due March 1 (delinquent after May 1). The Debtors estimate that

as of the Petition Date, approximately $4,850,000 in real property taxes will become due and

payable in the ordinary course of business during the postpetition period.

54. 
Gross Receipts Taxes. The Debtors operations in Texas are subject to the

Texas Franchise Tax, a margin-based tax on gross receipts that is self-assessed and due annually

24

=== page 25 ===
Case 25-90607   Document 19   Filed in TXSB on 11/05/25   Page 25 of 32

on May 15 to the Texas Comptroller of Public Accounts. The Debtors estimate that as of the

Petition Date, approximately $250,000 in gross receipts taxes will become due and payable in the

ordinary course of business during the postpetition period.

55. 
The Debtors’ ability to pay Prepetition Taxes and Fees is critical to their

continued and uninterrupted operations and would ultimately preserve the resources of the

Debtors’ estates and going-concern values. It is my understanding that if the Debtors do not make

timely payments, they will have to spend time and money resolving a multitude of issues related

to these obligations, including whether (i) the obligations are priority, secured, or unsecured;

(ii) the obligations are proratable or fully prepetition or postpetition; and (iii) penalties, interest,

attorneys’ fees, and costs accrue on a postpetition basis, and if so, whether the penalties, interest,

attorneys’ fees, and costs are priority, secured, or unsecured. The Debtors justifiably want to avoid

these unnecessary potential disputes.

56. 
Accordingly, the relief requested in the Taxes Motion is necessary to avoid

immediate and irreparable harm and is in the best interests of the Debtors’ estates, their creditors,

and all other parties in interest.

C. 
Utilities Motion

57. 
The Debtors seek entry of an order (i) prohibiting utilities, as that term is

used in section 366 of the Bankruptcy Code (“Utility Companies”), from altering, refusing, or

discontinuing services to, or discriminating against, the Debtors solely on the basis of the

commencement of the Debtors’ chapter 11 cases, a debt owed by the Debtors for services rendered

before the Petition Date, or any perceived inadequacy of the Debtors’ proposed adequate assurance

of payment to Utility Companies for postpetition services; (ii) approving the Debtors’ proposed

adequate assurance of payment to Utility Companies for postpetition services; and (iii) approving

25

=== page 26 ===
Case 25-90607   Document 19   Filed in TXSB on 11/05/25   Page 26 of 32

procedures for resolving objections to the Debtors’ proposed adequate assurance of payment to

Utility Companies for postpetition services (the “Adequate Assurance Procedures”).

58. 
In the ordinary course of business, the Debtors buy electricity, gas, water,

refuse, security monitoring, and internet/phone services (collectively, the “Utility Services”) from

Utility Companies to operate their businesses. I understand that, on average, the Debtors pay

approximately $124,000.00 per month for Utility Services.

59. 
I anticipate that the Debtors will have sufficient cash on hand to timely pay

in full, in cash, all undisputed postpetition obligations owed to Utility Companies during these

chapter 11 cases. I understand that the Proposed Adequate Assurance Procedures are customary

and provide Utility Companies with adequate assurance of payment, and I do not believe that other

or further assurances of payment to Utility Companies for postpetition Utilities Services are

necessary. However, I understand that the Debtors have also proposed procedures to resolve

requests for additional or alternative assurance of payment in an orderly and fair manner.

60. 
Preserving Utility Services on an uninterrupted basis is essential to the

Debtors’ ongoing operations and, therefore, to the success of these cases. Indeed, any interruption

in Utility Services, even for a brief period, would disrupt the Debtors’ ability to continue

operations. Given the Debtors’ need to receive uninterrupted Utility Services, the relief requested

fairly balances Utility Companies’ rights and the Debtors’ rights under the Bankruptcy Code.

Accordingly, the Utility Companies will not be prejudiced by either the proposed adequate

assurance or the requirement to provide the Debtors with uninterrupted service.

D. 
Insurance Motion

61. 
The Debtors seek entry of an order authorizing the Debtors, in their

discretion, to (a) maintain, supplement, amend, extend, renew, or replace their Insurance Policies,

26

=== page 27 ===
Case 25-90607   Document 19   Filed in TXSB on 11/05/25   Page 27 of 32

(b) pay any obligations, whether arising before or after the Petition Date, related to the Insurance

Policies, including premiums, deductibles, assessments, true-up amounts, broker fees,

administrative fees, Premium Financing Obligations, and other related fees and costs (collectively,

the “Insurance Obligations”) as such obligations become due in the ordinary course, and (c)

maintain their Premium Financing Program and enter into new premium financing arrangements,

and (ii) granting related relief.

62. 
The Debtors maintain approximately twenty one Insurance Policies through

a variety of insurance carriers. The Insurance Policies are tailored to protect the Debtors against

the risk inherent to operation of the Debtors’ real estate portfolio. Among other things, the

Insurance Policies provide the Debtors with commercial property insurance, builder’s risk

insurance, and pollution liability insurance. The Debtors also maintain multiple general liability

policies, which provide, among other things, automobile liability coverage, commercial general

liability coverage, employee theft coverage, umbrella liability coverage, and excess liability

coverage. Additionally, the Debtors maintain a directors and officers liability insurance policy,

which includes tail coverage that remains in effect following the policy period. I understand that,

on average, the annual premiums due under the Insurance Policies total approximately $3.9

million. As of the Petition Date, the Debtors do not believe that any amounts remain outstanding

on account of premiums under the Insurance Policies.

63. 
The Debtors also incur various obligations in connection with its Insurance

Policies. For instance, generally, the Debtors obtain the Insurance Policies through their broker,

Marsh & McLennan Agency LLC (the “Insurance Broker”). The Insurance Broker assists the

Debtors in obtaining comprehensive insurance coverage for their operations in the most cost

effective manner and providing ongoing support throughout the applicable policy periods.

27

=== page 28 ===
Case 25-90607   Document 19   Filed in TXSB on 11/05/25   Page 28 of 32

64. 
 Additionally, the Debtors have obligations under its Premium Financing

Program. The Debtors believe that, where feasible, it is economically beneficial to finance their

premiums rather than pay them in a lump-sum. Accordingly, the Debtors currently finance the

premium obligations for certain of their Insurance Policies (the “Premium Financing Program”)

pursuant to financing agreements (collectively, the “Premium Financing Agreements”) with

various financing companies, including First Insurance Funding, a division of Lake Forest Bank

& Trust Company, N.A. The Debtors’ obligation to pay the financed amounts under the Premium

Financing Agreements is secured by a first priority lien on and security interest in the financed

policies and any additional premiums required under the financed policies. The Premium

Financing Companies also have the right to cancel the financed Insurance Policies if the Debtors

default on their payment obligations. As of the Petition Date, the Debtors have paid approximately

$3.3 million in premium payments under the Premium Financing Program.

65. 
Given this backdrop, the Debtors believe that it is essential to their estates,

that they maintain and continue to make all required payments under their Insurance Policies and

to have the authority to maintain, supplement, amend, extend, renew, or replace these policies as

needed, as any lapse in coverage could leave the Debtors exposed to significant liability.

66. 
Likewise, failure to maintain the Premium Financing Program and pay other

related insurance expenses will harm the Debtor’s estate in several ways, as under the Premium

Financing Agreements, the Premium Financing Companies maintain a security interest in

unearned or returned premiums related to the financed insurance policies and, as secured creditors,

could be entitled to cancel the insurance policies in accordance with the terms of the Premium

Financing Agreements.

28

=== page 29 ===
Case 25-90607   Document 19   Filed in TXSB on 11/05/25   Page 29 of 32

67. 
Accordingly, the relief requested in the Insurance Motion is necessary to

avoid immediate and irreparable harm and is in the best interests of the Debtors’ estates, their

creditors, and all other parties in interest.

E. 
Schedules Extension Motion

68. 
The Debtors seek entry of an order extending the deadline to file their

schedules of assets and liabilities, schedules of current income and expenditures, schedules of

executory contracts and unexpired leases, and statements of financial affairs (collectively, the

“Schedules and Statements”) in their chapter 11 cases. The Debtors seek an additional forty-five

days, for a total of fifty-nine days from the Petition Date, to complete these filings, given the size

and complexity of their businesses, the volume of information required, and the need to ensure

accuracy and completeness. The Debtors believe that the extension will not prejudice creditors or

other parties in interest, as the Schedules and Statements will still be filed before any deadline for

filing proofs of claim. Accordingly, cause exists for the extension under section 521 of the

Bankruptcy Code and Bankruptcy Rule 1007(c) and courts routinely grant such relief in cases such

as this.

F. 
Real Estate Sales Motion

69. 
The Debtors seek entry of interim and final orders (i) authorizing  the

Debtors,  in  their  discretion, to carry out the closing of pending real estate transactions and sell

assets free and clear of liens, claims, encumbrances, and other interests and (ii) granting related

relief.

70. 
The Project includes the construction and sale of the eighty (80) Ritz-

Carlton-branded, resort-integrated Villas. The Villas constitute a critical aspect of the Project, as

they establish a year-round presence that will enhance the performance of the nearby Ritz-Carlton

29

=== page 30 ===
Case 25-90607   Document 19   Filed in TXSB on 11/05/25   Page 30 of 32

resort hotel and the luxury retail, dining, and experiential district on the resort. I understand that

during a single residential release in 2016, all eighty (80) Villas were pre-sold within a matter of

days, generating approximately $250 million in purchase commitments. Vertical construction of

the Villas commenced in 2018 and continues today.

71. 
I understand that as of the Petition Date, there are (a) forty-four (44) Villas

that have closed and are fully occupied by residents, (b) twenty-nine (29) Villas that are currently

under contract for sale to third-party buyers and are yet to close (the “Pending Transactions”),

and (c) seven (7) Villas that were previously under contract, but those contracts have since been

terminated (the “Future Sales”).  My understanding is that the Pending Transactions and Future

Sales are expected to generate at least $124,00,000 in net sale proceeds. I further understand that

a number of the Pending Transactions are scheduled to close in November, including several

closings that are expected to occur within a week of the Petition Date. It is my understanding that

the remaining Villas that are subject to Pending Transactions are in varying stages of construction,

many of which are near completion.

72. 
As evidenced by the dozens of Villas that have successfully closed, it is my

understanding that closing transactions of this exact nature is in the ordinary course of business

for the Debtors and would be beneficial to the Debtors’ estates and their creditors. Still, out of an

abundance of caution, the Real Estate Sales Proceeds Motion seeks Court authorization to close

the Pending Transactions and enter into and close Future Sales free and clear of any liens, claims,

encumbrances, and other interests.

73. 
Consummating the Pending Transactions and any Future Sales on the terms

set forth in the applicable Villa Agreements is a sound exercise of the Debtors’ business judgment.

The sales of the Villas were negotiated and agreed to prepetition in the ordinary course of the

30

=== page 31 ===
Case 25-90607   Document 19   Filed in TXSB on 11/05/25   Page 31 of 32

Debtors’ business. Proceeding to close in accordance with the Villa Agreements maintains the

Debtors’ credibility, trust, and goodwill with the Buyers and other potential business partners,

which is critical to the Debtors’ ongoing ability to transact efficiently and maximize value in these

cases. If the requested relief is denied, the pending closings will need to canceled, which could

lead to Buyers terminating their Villa Agreements (as some Buyers have already done). Moreover,

any delay will materially impair the Debtors’ ability to successfully close Future Sales, particularly

given that the Debtors are entering the peak Arizona weather and real estate season

74. 
It is my understanding that to the extent there are any parties with valid and

perfected liens in the Villa sales proceeds, such parties will be adequately protected by having their

liens attach to the sale proceeds, subject to any claims and defenses that the Debtors may have

with respect thereto. I believe that this puts any valid lienholders in a nearly identical position to

the one they were in prior to the sale of the Villas.

75. 
The Debtors believe that each of Buyers are bona-fide purchasers who

negotiated these transactions at arm’s length, for fair value, and in good faith. It is my

understanding that the Pending Transactions represent the market value of the Villas achieved

through the residential release held in 2016, which was open to the public. I am unaware of any

evidence of fraud, misrepresentation, or misconduct with respect to the sales of the Villas.

Accordingly, the Debtors believe the Buyers should be expressly found to have acted in good faith

within the meaning of section 363(m) of the Bankruptcy Code and entitled to the statutory

protections thereunder.

76. 
Accordingly, the relief requested in the Real Estate Sales Motion is

necessary to avoid immediate and irreparable harm and is in the best interests of the Debtors’

estates, their creditors, and all other parties in interest.

31

=== page 32 ===
Case 25-90607   Document 19   Filed in TXSB on 11/05/25   Page 32 of 32

CONCLUSION

Pursuant to 28 U.S.C. § 1746, I declare under penalty of perjury that the foregoing

is true and correct to the best of my knowledge and belief.

Dated: November 5, 2025 
 
Los Angeles, California

/s/ Lance Miller

Lance Miller 
Chief Restructuring Officer

