=== page 1 ===
Case 25-90805   Document 16   Filed in TXSB on 12/12/25   Page 1 of 23

IN THE UNITED STATES BANKRUPTCY COURT

FOR THE SOUTHERN DISTRICT OF TEXAS

HOUSTON DIVISION

In re:

Chapter 11

TEDDER INDUSTRIES, LLC,1

Case No. 25-90805 (CML)

Debtor.

DECLARATION OF TOMMY MAGRATH IN SUPPORT OF  
DEBTOR’S CHAPTER 11 PETITION AND FIRST DAY PLEADINGS

Tommy Magrath makes the following Declaration in Support of the Chapter 11 Petition

and First Day Pleadings (the “Declaration”) filed by Tedder Industries, LLC, the debtor and

debtor-in-possession (the “Debtor”) in the above-styled bankruptcy case (the “Chapter 11 Case”).

1. 
My name is Tommy Magrath. I am the Debtor’s President. In my position, I have

personal knowledge and am familiar with the Debtor’s business affairs, day-to-day operations,

books and records, and financial condition. Except as otherwise indicated, the facts set forth in this

Declaration are based upon my personal knowledge, my review of relevant documents,

information provided to me by employees working under my supervision, my opinion based upon

experience, knowledge, and information concerning the Debtor’s operations and financial

condition, my own reasonable inquiry, and/or my discussions with the Debtor’s other officers,

directors, and advisors, including professionals at Vartabedian Hester & Haynes LLP (“VHH”). I

am over the age of 18, and I am authorized to submit this Declaration on behalf of the Debtor. If

called to testify, I would testify competently to the facts set forth in this Declaration.

1 The last four digits of the Debtor’s federal tax identification number are 7652. The location of the debtor’ service 
address is: 4411 W Riverbend Ave, Post Falls, ID 83854-8150.

1

=== page 2 ===
Case 25-90805   Document 16   Filed in TXSB on 12/12/25   Page 2 of 23

2. 
On December 8, 2025 (the “Petition Date”), the Debtor filed a voluntary petition

(the “Petition”) for relief under chapter 11 of title 11 of the United States Code (the “Bankruptcy

Code”) in the United States Bankruptcy Court for the Southern District of Texas (the “Court”).

The Debtor filed various motions and pleadings seeking certain “first day” relief (later defined as

the First Day Pleadings) to minimize any disruption that filing the Chapter 11 Case may have on

its operations. I submit this Declaration to assist the Court and parties in interest in understanding

the circumstances that led to the commencement of this Chapter 11 Case and in support of the

Petition and the First Day Pleadings.

3. 
Along with this Declaration, the Debtor filed the following motions (collectively,

the “First Day Pleadings”)2:

a. Debtor’s Emergency Motion for Entry of an Order Authorizing (I) Continued Use

of Existing Cash Management System, (II) Maintenance of Existing Bank Accounts, 
(III) Continued Use of Existing Business Forms, and (IV) the Waiver of the 11 
U.S.C. § 345(b) Deposit and Investment Requirements (the “Cash Management 
Motion”);  
 
b. Emergency Motion of the Debtor for Interim and Final Orders (I) Authorizing the

Debtor to Use Cash Collateral; (II) Providing Adequate Protection to Agent; 
(III) Granting Liens and Providing Superpriority Administrative Expense Claims; 
(IV) Scheduling a Final Hearing; and (V) Granting Related Relief (the “Cash 
Collateral Motion”);

c. Debtor’s Emergency Motion for Order (I) Authorizing the Debtor to (A) Pay

Prepetition Wages, Compensation, Employee Benefits and Other Employee 
Obligations and (B) Continue Paying Compensation and Benefits Programs in the 
Ordinary Course of Business; (II) Authorizing All Banks to Honor Reimbursement 
of Employee Obligations; and (III) Granting Related Relief (the “Wages Motion”);

d. Debtor’s Emergency Motion for Entry of Interim and Final Orders (I) Authorizing

the Debtor to Pay Prepetition Claims of Critical Vendors, and (II) Granting Related 
Relief (the “Critical Vendors Motion”);

e. Debtor’s Emergency Motion for Entry of an Order (A) Prohibiting Utility

Providers from Altering, Refusing, or Discontinuing Services, (B) Approving the

2 Capitalized terms used but not described herein shall have the meaning ascribed to such terms in the applicable 
First Day Pleading.

2

=== page 3 ===
Case 25-90805   Document 16   Filed in TXSB on 12/12/25   Page 3 of 23

Debtor’s Proposed Adequate Assurance of Payment for Future Utility Services, 
(C) Approving the Debtor’s Proposed Procedures for Resolving Adequate 
Assurance Requests, and (D) for Related Relief (the “Utilities Motion”);

f. Debtor’s Emergency Motion for Entry of Interim and Final Orders (I) Authorizing

the Debtor to (A) Maintain Insurance Coverage Obtained Prepetition and Pay 
Prepetition Obligations Related Thereto, (B) Renew, Amend, Supplement, Modify, 
Extend, Purchase, Cancel, and Enter Into New Insurance Policies, and 
(C) Continue to Pay Brokerage Fees, and (II) Granting Related Relief 
(the “Insurance Motion”);

g. Debtor’s Emergency Motion for Entry of an Order (I) Authorizing the Payment of

Certain Taxes and Fees and (II) Granting Related Relief (the “Taxes Motion”); 
and

h. Debtor’s Emergency Motion for Entry of an Order (A) Authorizing the Debtor to

Maintain and Administer Its Existing Customer Programs and Honor Certain 
Prepetition Obligations Related Thereto and (B) for Related Relief (the “Customer 
Programs Motion”).

4. 
I am generally familiar with the contents of each First Day Pleading and believe

that the relief sought in each pleading allows the Debtor to, among other things, fulfill its duties as

debtor-in-possession and minimize the disruption to the Debtor’s business operations that may be

caused by the commencement of this Chapter 11 Case. Additionally, I believe that the relief

requested in the First Day Pleadings is important to ensure that the Debtor can continue to deliver

necessary products and services to its customers.

5. 
To familiarize the Court with the Debtor and the relief the Debtor seeks early in

this Chapter 11 Case, this Declaration is organized into two sections. Section I provides an

overview of the Debtor’s operations and the events that led to this Chapter 11 Case. Section II sets

forth the relevant facts in support of each of the First Day Pleadings filed in connection with this

Chapter 11 Case, which the Debtor believes are critical to administering this Chapter 11 Case and

preserving and maximizing the value of the Debtor’s Estate.

3

=== page 4 ===
Case 25-90805   Document 16   Filed in TXSB on 12/12/25   Page 4 of 23

I. 
OVERVIEW OF THE DEBTOR

(A) Description of the Debtor’s Business

6. 
The Debtor is a Texas limited liability company with its principal place of business

in Idaho. Main Street Equity Interests and MSC Equity Holdings LLC (together, the “Main Street

Entities”), which together hold the majority of the Debtor’s equity interest, are subsidiaries of

Main Street Capital Corporation, the Debtor’s secured lender. Main Street Capital Corporation is

domiciled in Texas and Maryland.

7. 
The Debtor operates a consumer-brand manufacturing business within the firearms

and accessories market, specializing in American-made, injection-molded gun holsters. Its

products are distributed through multiple sales channels including institutional purchasers,

business-to-business partners, and direct-to-consumer platforms. The Debtor operates in the

marketplace as Alien Gear Holsters (“Alien Gear”).

8. 
Alien Gear was founded in 2010 by Thomas Tedder. After a poor experience with

a purchased holster, Tedder designed his own. Starting as a small operation in a kitchen and shed,

the company rapidly grew into a prominent brand in the firearms accessories industry. Known for

its innovative hybrid leather-and-polymer holsters and modular designs, Alien Gear built its

reputation on comfort, quality, and affordability for concealed carry users. Over time, the company

expanded its product offerings to include various carry styles and now supplies holsters to U.S.

military branches, international militaries, defense organizations, and law enforcement agencies.

9. 
To maintain and grow its operations over the years, the Debtor took a $23.3 million

secured loan from Main Street Capital Corporation, consisting of a $21 million term loan and a

$2.3 million revolving line of credit.

4

=== page 5 ===
Case 25-90805   Document 16   Filed in TXSB on 12/12/25   Page 5 of 23

(B) Corporate Governance

10. 
The Debtor is governed by a board of three managers and the corporate members

holding all of the Debtor’s voting equity interest.  The three mangers are Jesse E. Morris, Todd A.

Leitgeb, and Thomas Tedder.  The three members are Main Street Equity Interests, Inc., MSC

Equity Holdings, LLC, and TI Holdings, LLC.  As mentioned above, the Main Street Entities hold

the majority of the Debtor’s equity interest and are affiliated with the Debtor’s secured lender. A

copy of the Debtor’s organizational structure is attached hereto as Exhibit A.

(C) The Debtor’s Prepetition Capital Structure

11. 
As of the Petition Date, the Debtor had approximately $20.55 million in aggregate

principal amount of funded debt obligations outstanding, consisting of the following:

Prepetition Indebtedness 
Principal Amount

Lien Priority and Collateral

Outstanding

Secured Term Loan 
$19,000,000.00  
Substantially all of the Debtor’s assets. 
Revolver 
$1,553,000.00 
Substantially all of the Debtor’s assets.

Total 
               $20,553,000.00 
 
12. 
On August 31, 2018, the Debtor, as borrower, entered into that certain Loan

Agreement (as may be amended, restated, amended and restated, supplemented or otherwise

modified from time to time, the “Loan Agreement”) with Main Street Capital Corporation, as both

the administrative agent and collateral agent (in both capacities, the “Agent”) and the lenders party

thereto from time to time (the “Lenders”), providing for a senior secured term loan in an original

aggregate principal amount of $20.5 million.

13. 
On October 11, 2018, the Debtor requested a new senior secured revolving line of

credit of up to $1,500,000 (the “Revolver”) pursuant to the first amendment to the Loan

Agreement. On August 30, 2021, the Debtor (i) borrowed an additional $500,000 of term loans

under the Loan Agreement and (ii) received access to an additional $500,000 in commitments

5

=== page 6 ===
Case 25-90805   Document 16   Filed in TXSB on 12/12/25   Page 6 of 23

under the Revolver pursuant to the third amendment to the Loan Agreement. On October 29, 2021,

the Debtor received access to an additional $300,000 in commitments under the Revolver pursuant

to the fourth amendment to the Loan Agreement. As of the Petition Date, including all outstanding

and accrued interest, approximately $25.05 million of obligations under the Loan Agreement are

outstanding, consisting of approximately $23.08 million in term loans and $1.97 million under the

Revolver.

(D) Events Leading to Chapter 11

14. 
I believe that the Debtor has a promising product with significant name value in its

marketplace. Unfortunately, the Debtor’s debt level is far more than its value at this time, and it’s

unable to service its loan. The Debtor intends to immediately start a sale process and pursue

potential purchasers to maximize the value of its IP and assets, including its trade name Alien

Gear.  Importantly, the Debor has the support of its secured lenders and majority equity holder to

pursue a sale transaction. The Debtor hopes that the fresh start offered by a sale pursuant to section

363 of the Bankruptcy Code will make the Debtor an attractive prospect for potential purchasers.

II. 
Relevant Factual Background for First Day Pleadings

(E) Cash Management Motion

15. 
As of the Petition Date, the Debtor’s Cash Management System (defined below)

employed a total of five (5) bank accounts and one (1) money market account (collectively,

the “Bank Accounts”). The Debtor’s Bank Accounts reside at First Interstate Bank (the “Bank”).

The Bank is headquartered in Montana, which is Region 18 of the U.S. Trustee Program. The Bank

is an authorized depository in Region 18.

16. 
Below sets forth each of the Bank Accounts, the account number (last four digits

only), and a description of the purpose of the account.

6

=== page 7 ===
Case 25-90805   Document 16   Filed in TXSB on 12/12/25   Page 7 of 23

Account Number 
Purpose

XXXXX5118 
Deposit Account for Electronic Commerce Transactions

XXXXX5167 
Main Operating Account

XXXXX5316 
Restricted Cash Account

XXXXX5456 
Payables Account

XXXXXXXXX9344 
Deposit Account for Institutional and Check Deposits

XXXXXXXXX3882 
Money Market Savings Account 
 
17. 
The Debtor manages its cash receipts, transfers, and disbursements through the

Bank Accounts. In doing so, the Debtor routinely deposits, withdraws, and otherwise transfers

funds to, from, and between the Bank Accounts by various methods including check, wire transfer,

automated clearing house transfer, and electronic funds transfer. The Debtor processes large

numbers of transactions through the Cash Management System as described below. The Debtor

maintains current and accurate records of all transactions processed through the Cash Management

System.

18. 
Additionally, the Debtor has a secured loan from MSC. In part, MSC has secured

its loan by collateralizing the Debtor’s cash. The Debtor, MSC, and the Bank entered a Deposit

Account Control Agreement (the “DACA”) collateralizing the Bank Accounts. Closing these

accounts would burden a critical business relationship with MSC—the Debtor’s largest creditor,

secured creditor, and likely DIP lender if a loan becomes necessary during the pendency of this

Chapter 11 Case.

(i) 
The Debtor’s Cash Management System 
 
19. 
Prior to the Petition Date and in the ordinary course of business, the Debtor utilized

a relatively streamlined cash management system (the “Cash Management System”). The revenue

accounts ending in 5118 and 9344 receive payments from payment processing systems and

institutional customers that maintain wire information or automatic payment information.

Changing these accounts would disrupt customer relationships and could harm operational

7

=== page 8 ===
Case 25-90805   Document 16   Filed in TXSB on 12/12/25   Page 8 of 23

continuity. Cash is swept from the revenue accounts to the payable accounts ending in 5167 and

5456, which make payments to dozens of operational vendors and are set up for automatic

payments. If the Debtor is forced to change bank accounts, all the payees would have to be

recreated in a new bank account. The Debtor staffs its finance team leanly. Therefore, this would

take a significant amount of time and resources from the Debtor’s staff while the Debtor’s staff

needs to be focused on maintaining operational continuity. Moving payees could also create

postpetition payment issues, causing immediate irreparable harm to the Debtor’s postpetition

reputation.

20. 
Among other benefits, the Cash Management System permits the Debtor to

accurately monitor cash availability and permits the Debtor to centrally manage and track the

collection and transfer of funds, which reduces administrative burden and expense and maximizes

interest income.

(ii) 
The Debtor’s Business Forms

21. 
In addition to the Cash Management System and Bank Accounts, the Debtor uses,

in the ordinary course of its business, numerous business forms (including, but not limited to,

checks, deposit slips, letterhead, contracts, purchase orders, and invoices) (collectively,

the “Business Forms”).

22. 
Most of the Business Forms are printed on an as-needed basis from an electronic

template. The Debtor requests that it be authorized to continue to use its preprinted Business Forms

on a postpetition basis. The Debtor submits that it would be expensive, wasteful, and disruptive

to the Debtor’s business to destroy these forms and order new ones. Absent this relief, the estate

will be required to bear a potentially significant expense that the Debtor believes is unwarranted,

8

=== page 9 ===
Case 25-90805   Document 16   Filed in TXSB on 12/12/25   Page 9 of 23

without any meaningful corresponding benefit, and would unnecessarily distract the Debtor away

from its efforts from administering this Chapter 11 Case.

(F) 
Cash Collateral Motion

(iii)  
Agreed Use of Cash Collateral and Need for Adequate Protection

23. 
The Debtor intends to continue its operations in the ordinary course, seek authority

to pay its prepetition obligations, and to continue to pay its postpetition obligations in the ordinary

course. To maintain stable operations, the Debtor requires immediate access to liquidity in the

Chapter 11 Case to, among other things, continue to maintain business relationships with its

various vendors, suppliers, and payors, make payroll, satisfy working capital and operational

needs, and fund this Chapter 11 Case. The Debtor has approximately $730,000.00 of cash on hand,

all of which constitutes Cash Collateral. Pursuant to section 362(c)(2)(A) of the Bankruptcy Code,

the Agent has consented to the Debtor’s use of Cash Collateral in accordance with the terms and

conditions set forth in the Cash Collateral Motion’s proposed orders (the “Cash Collateral

Orders”) to enable the Debtor to continue its operations during this Chapter 11 Case. Without the

use of Cash Collateral, the Debtor would suffer immediate and irreparable harm and would likely

be required to cease operations or, at a minimum, the Debtor’s inability to use Cash Collateral

would disrupt the Debtor as a going concern and would otherwise not be in the best interests of the

Debtor or its creditors.

24. 
In exchange for the use of Cash Collateral, the Debtor has agreed to provide

adequate protection of the Prepetition Liens and other Prepetition Collateral and a superpriority

claim to the Agent on the terms set forth in the Cash Collateral Orders.

25. 
I believe that the relief sought in the Cash Collateral Motion is fair, reasonable, and

consistent with the Bankruptcy Code. Granting the Cash Collateral Motion will allow the Debtor

9

=== page 10 ===
Case 25-90805   Document 16   Filed in TXSB on 12/12/25   Page 10 of 23

to continue to operate in the ordinary course while facilitating this Chapter 11 Case. Therefore, I

believe the relief sought in the Cash Collateral Motion is in the best interests of the Debtor, its

estate, its residents, and all stakeholders and should be approved.

(G) 
Wages Motion

26. 
The Debtor’s workforce includes approximately 108 employees that are paid on

either a bi-weekly basis (i.e., every two weeks) or a bi-monthly basis (i.e., once on the 15th day of

each calendar month and again on the last day of each calendar month). These wages are calculated

in arrears. The last paycheck received by the Debtor’s workforce covered the pay period of

November 16, 2025, through November 29, 2025.

27. 
The Debtor’s workforce also includes Non-Employee Contractors (as defined

below) through Humanix Corp, a staffing agency (“Humanix”). As of the Petition Date, there are

approximately 21 Non-Employee Contractors providing labor to the Debtor. Humanix invoices

the Debtor each week in arrears. The next invoice is due December 15, 2025, which covers work

completed from November 9 through December 6, 2025.

28. 
By the Wage Motion, the Debtor seeks permission to: (i) pay employees for

prepetition salaries and wages in the gross amount of $262,510.29; (ii) authorize the Debtor to pay

approximately $35,576.93 in employment taxes and expenses associated with the employee’s

prepetition wages; (iii) pay premiums on health insurance covering the Debtor’s employees for

coverage for pre-petition periods in the approximate amount of $19,549.41; (iv) authorize the

Debtor to pay approximately $85,638.52 to the Non-Employee Contractors (defined below);

(v) permit employees to use, postpetition, paid time off, holidays, and sick leave days that they

accrued prepetition; and (vi) authorize the Debtor to pay a Christmas bonus of $250 to 108 non-

insider employees.

10

=== page 11 ===
Case 25-90805   Document 16   Filed in TXSB on 12/12/25   Page 11 of 23

29. 
In sum, the Debtor seeks authority to pay the following:

Description of Prepetition Workforce Obligations 
Approx. Prepetition Amount

$6,941.27

Outstanding 
Employee Salaries 
$153,435.76 
Employee Wages 
$79,854.15 
Non-Employee Contractor Wages 
$85,638.52 
Holiday/PTO  
$29,220.38 
Health Insurance Premiums 
$19,549.41 
Employee Benefits  
(i.e., 401K, Disability, Workers Compensation Insurance)

Payroll Taxes 
$20,186.24 
Payroll Expenses 
$8,430.70 
Holiday Bonus 
$31,000.00 
TOTAL: 
$434,256.43

30. 
I believe that any delay in paying prepetition employee obligations will adversely

impact the Debtor’s relationship with its workforce and will irreparably impair the employees’

morale, dedication, confidence, and cooperation in the chapter 11 process. At this early stage in

the Chapter 11 Case, the Debtor simply cannot risk the substantial damage to its business that

would inevitably result from a decline in the employees’ morale and cooperation attributable to

the Debtor’s failure to pay wages, salary, benefits, and other similar items. Furthermore, many of

the Debtor’s employees live paycheck to paycheck, and any disruption in their payment will have

a substantial adverse effect on their lives and families.

31. 
In addition, I believe that all unpaid, prepetition compensation is entitled to priority

treatment in accordance with Bankruptcy Code sections 507(a)(4) in light of the fact that none of

the Debtor’s workforce are owed more than $17,150.

32. 
For these reasons, and for the reasons and legal arguments set forth in the Wage

Motion, I believe the relief sought in the Wage Motion should be approved.

(H) 
Critical Vendors Motion

33. 
Alien Gear’s products can be the difference between life and death for its

customers. Thus, the Debtor operates in highly specialized and competitive industry. The

uniqueness and competitiveness of the gun holster industry, coupled with the highly regulated

11

=== page 12 ===
Case 25-90805   Document 16   Filed in TXSB on 12/12/25   Page 12 of 23

environment in which U.S. military branches, international militaries, defense organizations, and

law enforcement agencies must operate, leaves holster companies such as the Debtor, which serve

these industries, with few alternatives with respect to certain manufacturing vendors and service

providers (collectively, “Manufacturing Vendors”). If a Manufacturing Vendor increases its

prices or refuses to do business, the Debtor may be unable to switch to a different vendor until the

Debtor’s customer has obtained approval to use the Alien Gear’s holster with a different vendor’s

part. Moreover, some vital products important to the public’s health, safety, and welfare are

custom-made by sole-source or limited-source vendors who cannot be replaced without

extraordinary expense or delay. In certain cases, the loss of a key Manufacturing Vendor would

force the Debtor to lose a significant portion of its customers.

34. 
Alien Gear’s consumer sales, which make up a significant portion of the Debtor’s

revenue and profit, are driven by an elaborate online eCommerce system that includes

interconnected technology, advertising, and shipping vendors (collectively, “eCommerce

Vendors”). If an eCommerce Vendor increases its prices or refuses to do business, the Debtor’s

eCommerce system may collapse, causing irreparable harm to the Debtor and immediate loss of

large portions of consumer sales. Moreover, some of the eCommerce Vendors have created or

service custom technology built for the Debtor and therefore cannot be replaced in the short term,

and even in the long term without extraordinary expense or delay.

35. 
Additionally, the Debtor’s offices and some of its manufacturing facilities are at a

property that was originally leased from, and owned by, the Debtor’s founder, board member, and

minority owner Thomas Tedder. The lease expired and the Debtor remains a month-to-month

holdover tenant. The Debtor owes approximately $65,000 rent (“Rent Expense”) for this property

that became due on December 1, 2025. Significantly, the Debtor believes that the Rent Expense is

12

=== page 13 ===
Case 25-90805   Document 16   Filed in TXSB on 12/12/25   Page 13 of 23

below market. The Debtor intends to remain at this property because, according to its business

judgment, changing locations at this time would (a) cost the Debtor far more than the Rent Expense

and (b) cause disruptions in manufacturing that would negatively impact production and customer

service at a critical time for business continuity. The Debtor considered other office spaces, and

any space that would satisfy the Debtor’s needs would cost the Debtor more than the current space.

Additionally, due to the Debtor’s anticipated sale process, the Debtor, in its business judgment,

does not think it wise to enter into a long-term postpetition lease.

36. 
Due to the timing of the Debtor’s freefall Chapter 11 Case, the Debtor could not

process the scheduled payment for its December rent. The Debtor reached out to negotiate with

Tedder regarding the missed payment, but Tedder has threatened to seek relief from the automatic

stay for the Debtor’s default of the monthly December Rent Expense. The Debtor’s potential cost

to litigate these issues would likely cost the Debtor and its estate far more than the Rent Expense,

and the litigation would take the Debtor’s time and resources away from focusing on the business’s

continuity. Accordingly, the Debtor has determined in its business judgment and with the consent

of its secured lender to seek approval to pay the Rent Expense.

37. 
Any material disruption to the Debtor’s substantial vendor relationships and its

current tenancy could have a catastrophic effect on its reputation among customers, its market

share, the operations of its customers who each in turn serve the public, and ultimately the Debtor’s

ability to successfully emerge from this Chapter 11 Case as a going concern.

38. 
To achieve uninterrupted and timely service to its customers, the Debtor relies on

continuing access to, and relationships with, certain highly specialized or essential vendors and its

landlord (the “Critical Vendors”). Without uninterrupted access to these goods and services, and

13

=== page 14 ===
Case 25-90805   Document 16   Filed in TXSB on 12/12/25   Page 14 of 23

the smooth transition into its restructuring, the Debtor’s operations and sales would be severely

impaired and its customers impacted to the detriment of all.

39. 
For this reason, the Debtor requests authorization to pay certain outstanding

prepetition claims of the Critical Vendors (the “Critical Vendor Claims”), subject to the

limitations set forth in the Proposed Order. Given the size, number, and scale of the Debtor’s

operations, the Debtor intends to use its discretion to pay only those Critical Vendor Claims that

are critical to maintaining the Debtor’s manufacturing and eCommerce system and provide the

Debtor with favorable postpetition terms. The following table summarizes the estimated amounts

outstanding for the Critical Vendor Claims that the Debtor requests authority to pay.

Vendor Category

Estimated Remaining 
Prepetition Amount Due

Estimated Remaining 
Prepetition Amount Due

on Interim Order

on Final Order 
Manufacturing Vendors -- Critical Vendor Claims 
$175,000 
$110,000

eCommerce Vendors -- Critical Vendor Claims 
$210,000 
$80,000

Rent Expense 
$35,000 
$30,000

Total Estimated Amount Requesting  
Authorization to Pay 
$420,000 
$220,000

40. 
In the ordinary course of business, the Debtor deals with many providers of critical

supplies and services that the Debtor depends on to serve its customers. Of particular importance

are vendors irreplaceable due to geography, customer-mandated suppliers, proprietary or limited-

source suppliers, and technical service providers with expertise specific to the Debtor’s operations,

products, and eCommerce system.

41. 
Additionally, the Debtor has historically enjoyed favorable trade terms with certain

of their Critical Vendors and believe that they would likely need to forego these favorable terms

if they are forced to seek out new suppliers who may demand cash in advance or cash on delivery

14

=== page 15 ===
Case 25-90805   Document 16   Filed in TXSB on 12/12/25   Page 15 of 23

during the pendency of this bankruptcy. Less favorable trade terms would negatively impact the

value of the Debtor’s estate.

42. 
The Debtor believes that jeopardizing its relationship with any of the entities

identified as Critical Vendors would impose a severe strain on the Debtor’s business operations

and would likely result in significant revenue loss. Even a temporary interruption of the provision

of the Critical Vendors’ goods and services would impede the Debtor’s operations, and the

cumulative impact of such interruptions could have a catastrophic adverse effect on the Debtor’s

business and its ability to continue as a going concern. Such harm would likely far outweigh the

aggregate amount of the Critical Vendor Claims, which is modest in comparison to the overall

value of the Debtor’s enterprise and the amount of its secured and unsecured debt.

43. 
Accordingly, I believe that the relief requested in the Critical Vendor Motion is in

the best interest of the Debtor, its estate, and all other parties in interest and should be approved.

(I) 
Utilities Motion

44. 
In the ordinary course of its business, the Debtor obtains, either directly or

indirectly, electricity, natural gas, water, waste disposal, telecommunications, and other similar

services (collectively, the “Utility Services”) from several utility providers (individually, a “Utility

Provider,” and collectively, the “Utility Providers”). A nonexclusive list of the Utility Providers

and their affiliates (the “Utility Providers List”) that provide Utility Services to the Debtor as of

the Petition Date is attached as Exhibit 1 to the Utilities Motion’s proposed order.

45. 
The Debtor pays the Utility Providers, which are set forth in the Utility Providers

List, directly as such payments come due (the “Utilities Fees”). The relief requested in this Motion

is with respect to all Utility Services and related fees.

15

=== page 16 ===
Case 25-90805   Document 16   Filed in TXSB on 12/12/25   Page 16 of 23

46. 
On average, the Debtor pays approximately $14,378.68 each month for Utility

Services, calculated as the historical average payment for the three months leading up to the

Petition Date. Maintaining uninterrupted Utility Services is essential to the Debtor’s ongoing

business operations.

47. 
Certain Utility Providers that supply the Debtor with Utility Services may

discontinue services if (a) the Debtor fails to timely pay for the Utility Services or (b) the Utility

Providers believe that the Debtor will not meet its payment obligations. Any discontinuance of

Utility Services, even for a brief period, will jeopardize the Debtor’s business operations and

detrimentally effect the Debtor’s ability to generate revenue as necessary for a successful

reorganization. Accordingly, to ensure that the Debtor continues to have uninterrupted access to

critical Utility Services, the Debtor seeks authority to continue to honor its utility obligations as

they come due in the ordinary course of business on a postpetition basis, consistent with its

prepetition conduct.

48. 
As of the Petition Date, the Debtor estimates that there is approximately $11,725.22

owed to Utility Providers. To the best of the Debtor’s knowledge, none of the Utility Providers

hold deposits from the Debtor, and the Debtor is not in possession of any funds allocated for any

prepayments for the Utility Services.

(J) 
Insurance Motion

49. 
By the Insurance Motion, the Debtor seeks authorization to (i) maintain existing

insurance policies and pay all obligations arising therefrom, including Insurance Premiums (and

the related Broker Fees), (collectively, the “Insurance Obligations”) and (ii) renew, revise, extend,

supplement, change, or enter into new insurance policies as needed in its business judgment. The

Debtor further requests that financial institutions be directed to receive, process, honor, and pay

16

=== page 17 ===
Case 25-90805   Document 16   Filed in TXSB on 12/12/25   Page 17 of 23

all checks presented for payment and electronic payment requests related to the Insurance

Obligations, whether such checks were presented or electronic requests submitted prior to or after

the Petition Date.

50. 
Specifically, the Debtor maintains approximately nine (9) insurance policies (each,

an “Insurance Policy” and, collectively, the “Insurance Policies”) that are administered by seven

(7) third-party insurance carriers (each, an “Insurance Carrier” and collectively, the “Insurance

Carriers”). The Insurance Policies provide the Debtor with coverage for both general and

commercial business risks, including, but not limited to, general liability, directors’ and officers’

liability, commercial property, marine cargo and inland transport, commercial automobile liability,

cyber liability, crime and fidelity liability, foreign general liability, and foreign commercial

property liability.3 In addition, certain of the Insurance Policies provide layers of excess liability

and umbrella coverage. A schedule of the Insurance Policies is attached as Exhibit 1 to the

Insurance Motion’s proposed order. To protect and safeguard the Debtor’s ongoing operations and

ensure compliance with the United States Trustee Guidelines, it is critical that the Debtor be

allowed to pay its Insurance Obligations on an ongoing and uninterrupted basis and renew, revise,

extend, supplement, or change its existing Insurance Policies and enter into new insurance policies

as needed in the Debtor’s business judgment. The Debtor’s failure to pay amounts related to the

Insurance Obligations as and when they come due could result in attempts by the Insurance

Carriers to terminate or decline to renew the Insurance Policies, or decline to enter into new

insurance policies with the Debtor in the future. If any of the Insurance Policies are terminated,

3 The Debtor also maintains numerous insurance policies with respect to, among other things, workers’ compensation, 
employee health, disability, and life insurance benefits. These programs are described, and relief is requested with 
respect to such programs, in the Debtor’s Emergency Motion for Order (I) Authorizing the Debtor to (A) Pay 
Prepetition Wages, Compensation, Employee Benefits and Other Employee Obligations and (B) Continue Paying 
Compensation and Benefits Programs in the Ordinary Course of Business; (II) Authorizing All Banks to Honor 
Reimbursement of Employee Obligations; and (III) Granting Related Relief filed contemporaneously herewith.

17

=== page 18 ===
Case 25-90805   Document 16   Filed in TXSB on 12/12/25   Page 18 of 23

the Debtor could be exposed to substantial liability, to the detriment of all interested parties.

Therefore, I believe that the relief requested in the Insurance Motion is in the best interest of the

Debtor, its estate, and all stakeholders and should be approved.

(K) 
Taxes Motion

51. 
Pursuant to the Tax Motion, the Debtor seeks authority to pay, in its sole discretion,

(i) its Tax Service Provider and (ii) any Taxes and Fees (defined below) that accrued or that arose

before the Petition Date that will become due during the pendency of this Chapter 11 Case to the

applicable federal, state, and local taxing authorities (collectively, the “Taxing Authorities”) in

the ordinary course of business, without prejudice to the Debtor’s right to contest the amounts

and/or priority of any Taxes and Fees on any grounds they deem appropriate.

52. 
In the ordinary course of business, the Debtor collects, withholds, and incurs taxes

and fees, including, among others: (i) Property Taxes; (iii) Sales and Use Taxes; (iv) Franchise

Taxes; (v) Regulatory and Other Taxes and Fees; (vi) Assessments and other fees as a result of

Audits; and (vii) fees owed to Avalara (collectively, the “Taxes and Fees”). The Debtor pays or

remits, as applicable, the Taxes and Fees to various governmental units (as that term is defined

in section 101(27) of the Bankruptcy Code), including the Internal Revenue Service, and other

Taxing Authorities, identified in Exhibit 1 to the Taxes Motion’s proposed order.

53. 
The Debtor generally, but not exclusively, pays and remits Taxes and Fees through

checks and electronic transfers that are processed through their bank and other financial institutions

or service providers.

54. 
The Debtor pays the Taxes and Fees to the Taxing Authorities on a periodic basis,

remitting them monthly, quarterly, semi-annually, or annually, depending on the nature and

incurrence of a particular Tax or Fee. The Debtor seeks authority to pay and remit all prepetition

18

=== page 19 ===
Case 25-90805   Document 16   Filed in TXSB on 12/12/25   Page 19 of 23

and postpetition obligations as they become due on account of the Taxes and Fees and Assessments

(including any such obligations subsequently identified upon completion of an Audit or voluntary

disclosure or otherwise determined to be owed), including: (i) Taxes and Fees that accrue or are

incurred postpetition; (ii) Taxes and Fees that have accrued or were incurred prepetition but were

not paid prepetition, or were paid in an amount less than actually owed; (iii) where payments of

Taxes and Fees made prepetition by the Debtor were lost or otherwise not received in full by any

of the Authorities; and (iv) Taxes and Fees incurred for prepetition periods that become due and

payable after the commencement of this Chapter 11 Case, including as a result of Audits or

voluntary disclosures, if any. In addition, for the avoidance of doubt, the Debtor seeks authority

to pay the Taxes and Fees for so-called “straddle” periods (i.e., periods that include the Petition

Date).4

55. 
The Debtor estimates that $95,000.00 in Taxes and Fees are outstanding as of the

Petition Date, as outlined below.5 Of such amount, approximately $90,000.00 is due and payable

within thirty (30) days after the Petition Date.

Category 
Description 
Approximate Amount 
Accrued and Unpaid as of

Petition Date

$14,081.68

Property Taxes

The Debtor incurs taxes related to certain real and personal 
property holdings (collectively, the “Property Taxes”), 
payable as such taxes come due in the ordinary course of 
business, on either a quarterly or annual basis, depending 
on the specific taxes.

4  The Debtor reserves its right with respect to the proper characterization of any “straddle” Taxes and Fees and to seek 
any appropriate remedy including reimbursement of or reallocation of claims related to any portion of any payment 
made that ultimately is not entitled to administrative or priority treatment.

5  The Debtor cannot predict the amounts of any potential assessments that may result from Audits, if any. Accordingly, 
the Debtor’s estimate of outstanding Taxes and Fees as of the Petition Date does not include any amounts relating to 
potential assessments.

19

=== page 20 ===
Case 25-90805   Document 16   Filed in TXSB on 12/12/25   Page 20 of 23

$75,262.15

Sales and Use Taxes

The Debtor collects and remits sales taxes, use taxes, and 
related taxes and fees (collectively, the “Sales and Use 
Taxes”) to the Taxing Authorities in various jurisdictions 
in connection with the sale of goods or services in such 
jurisdictions. 
Sales 
and 
Use Taxes 
are general 
consumption taxes charged at either the point of purchase 
or sale for goods and services, which are usually set by the 
relevant Taxing Authority as a percentage of the retail 
price of the good or service purchased. Generally, the 
Debtor holds the Sales and Use Taxes and remits or pays 
such taxes monthly, quarterly, biannually, or annually.

$06

Franchise Taxes

The Debtor makes payments to certain Taxing Authorities 
that collect franchise taxes and de minimis registration and 
other filing fees (collectively, the “Franchise Taxes”) 
from the Debtor for the right to exist as a domestic 
corporation, for the privilege of doing business in a state 
as a foreign corporation, or for the actual conduct of 
carrying on of business in the state. The Franchise Taxes 
are generally measured by net income, gross receipts, 
capital stock, or some other measure of value and are 
payable either annually or quarterly.

Regulatory and Other

Taxes and Fees

$07

The Debtor pays Taxes and Fees related to their business 
operations and compliance with regulatory assessments, 
including permitting, licensing, business and occupation 
taxes, stamp taxes, commercial activity, and other 
operational fees (collectively, the “Regulatory and Other 
Taxes and Fees”), generally payable on a monthly or an 
annual basis, depending on the specific Tax or Fee. 
Regulatory and Other Taxes and Fees are typically paid in 
advance.

$4,849.62

Tax Service Provider The Debtor pays Taxes and Fees related to its use of a

third-party tax service provider in the ordinary course of 
business.

Total: 
$94,193.45

56. 
The Debtor also seeks authority to continue paying all Taxes and Fees on a

postpetition basis in the ordinary course, whether arising before or after the Petition Date, to ensure

uninterrupted business operations throughout the duration of the Chapter 11 Case. The continued

payment of the prepetition Taxes and Fees on their normal due dates will ultimately preserve the

6 The Debtor does not believe that any such fees are due but, out of an abundance of caution, seeks to pay such fees, 
if due, in the ordinary course of business.

7 The Debtor does not believe that any such fees are due but, out of an abundance of caution, seeks to pay such fees if 
due in the ordinary course of business.

20

=== page 21 ===
Case 25-90805   Document 16   Filed in TXSB on 12/12/25   Page 21 of 23

resources of the Debtor’s estate. If such obligations are not timely paid, the Debtor’s business

operations may be suspended or the Debtor may incur additional fees, and the Debtor will be

required to expend time and money to resolve these issues. In all cases, the Debtor’s failure to pay

the Taxes and Fees could have a material adverse impact on its ability to operate in the ordinary

course of business.

(L) 
Customer Programs Motion

57. 
The Debtor developed several incentives, discounts, promotions, and other

programs in efforts to attract customers and maintain positive customer relationships. Specifically,

the Debtor maintains (i) a program which allows its customers to purchase gift certificates and

cards in various denominations (together, “Gift Cards”); (ii) thirty-day return, refund, and

exchange policies with respect to both cash and credit purchases; and (iii) promotional

markdowns, coupons, discount codes, deals, and other offers ((i)-(iii) collectively, the “Customer

Programs”). As of the Petition Date, the Debtor believes the value of outstanding Gift Cards is

approximately $24,453.00.

58. 
The Debtor implemented each of the Customer Programs in the ordinary course of

its business with the ultimate goal of promoting customer satisfaction, encouraging new purchases,

and ensuring the Debtor remains competitive. To promote a smooth transition into this Chapter 11

Case, the Debtor must maintain customer loyalty and goodwill by honoring its obligations under

its Customer Programs. Any delay or failure by the Debtor to honor its Customer Program

obligations will irreparably harm customer relations and inevitably lower the overall sales and

profitability of the Debtor. Accordingly, pursuant to the Customer Programs Motion, the Debtor

seeks authority to honor any outstanding prepetition Customer Program obligations and to

21

=== page 22 ===
Case 25-90805   Document 16   Filed in TXSB on 12/12/25   Page 22 of 23

continue honoring the Customer Programs in the ordinary course of its business on a postpetition

basis without delay or disruption.

III. 
CONCLUSION

59. 
For all the foregoing reasons, I respectfully request that the Court grant the relief

requested in the First Day Pleadings and such other relief as is appropriate.

60. 
Pursuant to 28 U.S.C. 1746, I declare under penalty of perjury that the foregoing is

true and correct.

EXECUTED December 12, 2025.

/s/ Tommy Magrath 
 
 
Thomas “Tommy” Magrath 
President  
Tedder Industries, LLC

22

=== page 23 ===
Case 25-90805   Document 16   Filed in TXSB on 12/12/25   Page 23 of 23

Exhibit A

Corporate Structure

Thomas & Alicia Tedder

100.0%

w

Main Street Entities

TI Holdings, LLC 
(Idaho limited liability

company)

44.52%

55.48%

w

w

$20,500,000

Term Loan

Tedder Industries, 
LLC (Texas limited liability 
company)

23

