=== page 1 ===
 
 
32822667.17 
IN THE UNITED STATES BANKRUPTCY COURT 
FOR THE DISTRICT OF DELAWARE 
 
In re:  
 
F21 OPCO, LLC, et al.,1 
 
 
Debtors. 
 
 
Chapter 11 
 
Case No. 25-10469 (___) 
 
(Joint Administration Requested) 
 
 
DECLARATION OF STEPHEN COULOMBE IN SUPPORT  
OF CHAPTER 11 PETITIONS AND FIRST DAY PLEADINGS  
 
I, Stephen Coulombe, declare under penalty of perjury: 
1. 
I am the Co-Chief Restructuring Officer (the “Co-CRO”)2 of F21 OpCo, 
LLC, a Delaware limited liability company, and each of the other above-captioned debtors and 
debtors in possession (collectively, “Forever 21,” the “Debtors,” or the “Company”).  On the 
date hereof (the “Petition Date”), the Debtors commenced voluntary cases (these “Chapter 11 
Cases”) under chapter 11 of title 11 of the United States Code (the “Bankruptcy Code”) in the 
United States Bankruptcy Court for the District of Delaware (the “Court”).   
2. 
As the Co-CRO of the Debtors, I am responsible for, and am materially 
engaged with, the Debtors’ operational and financial management including with respect to, 
among other things: (a) all restructuring activities and initiatives of the Company; (b) cash 
management and liquidity forecasting; (c) the development of, or revisions to, the Company’s 
business plan, including assistance with the going concern and store closing sale processes 
 
1  
The Debtors in these cases, along with the last four digits of each Debtor’s federal tax identification number, are: 
F21 OpCo, LLC (8773); F21 Puerto Rico, LLC (5906); and F21 GiftCo Management, LLC (6412).  The Debtors’ 
address for purposes of service in these Chapter 11 Cases is 110 East 9th Street, Suite A500, Los Angeles, CA 
90079.  
2  
Michael Brown of Berkeley Research Group, LLC was appointed as the other Co-Chief Restructuring Officer of 
the Company on or about January 16, 2025, the same day on which I was appointed.  
Case 25-10469-MFW    Doc 2    Filed 03/16/25    Page 1 of 51

=== page 2 ===
 
2 
32822667.17 
described herein; (d) engagement with creditors and other stakeholders; (e) formulation and 
negotiation of the contemplated plan of liquidation, described herein; and (f) overall contingency 
planning.  
3. 
I am a Managing Director at Berkeley Research Group, LLC (“BRG”), a 
professional services firm with offices located at 99 High Street, 27th Floor, Boston, 
Massachusetts 02110.  I have more than 25 years of experience serving as a financial advisor and 
providing restructuring and performance improvement services to corporations, various creditor 
classes, equity owners, and directors of underperforming companies, including a significant 
number of large retailers with substantial national and international presences.  I have previously 
served as, among other positions: Co-Chief Restructuring Officer of Independent Pet Partners, 
LLC; Chief Restructuring Officer of Gymboree Group, Inc.; Chief Restructuring Officer of 
Quiksilver, Inc.; Chief Restructuring Officer of Sports Authority Holdings, Inc.; and Chief 
Financial Officer of rue21 Inc.  Prior to joining BRG in May 2016, I was a Senior Managing 
Director at FTI Consulting, Inc., where I served in similar capacities on behalf of distressed 
companies.  BRG has provided financial advisory and senior management services in some of the 
largest chapter 11 cases, including many in the retail sector, filed in this District and elsewhere, 
including Neiman Marcus, Radio Shack, Stage Stores and American Apparel, among others. 
4. 
Except as otherwise indicated, I base all facts set forth in this declaration 
(this “Declaration”) on my personal knowledge, my review of business records, or my opinion 
based on my experience, knowledge, and information concerning the Debtors’ operational and 
financial condition.  If called to testify, I would testify competently to the facts set forth in this 
Declaration, which I am authorized to submit on the Debtors’ behalf. 
Case 25-10469-MFW    Doc 2    Filed 03/16/25    Page 2 of 51

=== page 3 ===
 
3 
32822667.17 
5. 
I submit this Declaration to describe the Debtors’ background, the 
circumstances that led to these Chapter 11 Cases and the Debtors’ proposed use of chapter 11 to 
maximize the value of their estates, and to provide evidentiary support for the relief requested by 
the Debtors in the “first day” motions and applications filed with the Court (collectively, the “First 
Day Pleadings”), which are discussed in more detail herein. 
INTRODUCTION3 
6. 
The Debtors sell trendy clothing and accessories to customers in the United 
States primarily at brick-and-mortar stores.  As of the Petition Date, the Debtors operate 
approximately 354 leased stores in the United States, including locations at some of the most 
desirable shopping malls in the country.4  Forever 21 also sells merchandise through its website—
www.forever21.com—that the Company has hosted since the early 2000s.  Pursuant to a license 
agreement with a subsidiary of Authentic Brands Group (“ABG”), the Debtors license the 
Forever 21 brand for certain product categories and uses within the U.S.5 
7. 
As discussed more fully herein, the Debtors’ corporate structure and 
business operations relate back to the 2019 chapter 11 proceeding in this District 
(the “2019 Bankruptcy”) commenced by the Company’s predecessor, Forever 21, Inc. (“Old 
F21”), and certain of its then-affiliates.  As a result of the 2019 Bankruptcy, the Company 
continued as a strengthened going concern after obtaining a significant investment from its 
ownership and access to substantial additional financing sources.  The Company was also able to 
reduce expenses as a result of strategically exiting unprofitable stores during the 2019 Bankruptcy. 
 
3  
Capitalized terms used but not defined in this section have the meanings ascribed to them later in this Declaration. 
4  
These calculations reflect the closure of approximately thirty-four stores in the year prior to the Petition Date.  
5  
The Forever 21 brand is separately licensed by ABG to third parties around the world. 
Case 25-10469-MFW    Doc 2    Filed 03/16/25    Page 3 of 51

=== page 4 ===
 
4 
32822667.17 
8. 
As people returned to in-person shopping once the COVID-19 pandemic 
eased, the Debtors were initially successful and had positive EBITDA, as further detailed below.  
But the historic rise in inflation rates beginning in 2021 led to a significant increase in the Debtors’ 
cost of doing business, including the cost of inventory, distribution, transportation, and employee 
wages.   These inflationary pressures and changing consumer preferences were not only issues that 
the Debtors had to confront.  Specifically, the Debtors compete in a highly competitive retail 
environment with both other brick-and-mortar retailers in malls and shopping districts as well as 
online competitors.  The Debtors’ business has been materially and negatively impacted by the 
ability for online retailers to take advantage of the “de minimis exemption” which exempts goods 
valued under $800 from import duties and tariffs.  Certain non-U.S. online retailers that compete 
with the Debtors, such as Temu and Shein, have taken advantage of this exemption and, therefore, 
have been able to pass significant savings onto consumers.  Consequently, retailers that must pay 
duties and tariffs to purchase product for their stores and warehouses in the United States, such as 
the Company, have been undercut.  Despite wide-spread calls from U.S. companies and industry 
groups for the U.S. government to create a level playing field for U.S. retailers by closing the 
exemption, U.S. laws and policies have not solved the problem.  SPARC (defined below) 
attempted to counteract these operational challenges by partnering with Shein in 2023 and seeking 
relief from the exemption (or a closure of the exemption), but these efforts have not resulted in 
any changes to the exemption nor stemmed the Company’s losses.  The ability for non-U.S. 
retailers to sell their products at drastically lower prices to U.S. consumers has significantly 
impacted the Company’s ability to retain its traditional core customer base. 
9. 
Over the last year, the Debtors’ management team has been focused on 
implementing cost-saving operational measures to improve Company performance and curtail 
Case 25-10469-MFW    Doc 2    Filed 03/16/25    Page 4 of 51

=== page 5 ===
 
5 
32822667.17 
losses, including renegotiating store leases and license fees, yielding over $50 million in savings 
for the Company.  Unfortunately, these strategic initiatives have been insufficient to counteract the 
Company’s declining performance and significant losses. 
10. 
The Debtors and their parent company have, therefore, explored all 
available strategic alternatives, including a sale of the Debtors’ assets or equity, as well as winding 
down the Company’s operations.  To ensure that the Debtors maximize the value of their assets 
for the benefit of all stakeholders, the Debtors implemented governance changes in January 2025 
and formed a new independent board of managers comprised of Mssrs. Paul Aronzon and Scott 
Vogel (together, the “Board”).  After considering their options, the Debtors, at the direction of the 
Board, commenced store closings at a significant number of their stores starting on February 14, 
2025, which process continued for all remaining stores no later February 28, 2025.   
11. 
The Debtors initiated these Chapter 11 Cases to maximize value for this 
orderly and efficient liquidation at each of their brick-and-mortar retail locations in the United 
States (such sales, the “Store Closing Sales”).  At the same time, the Debtors have continued to 
market their business to third parties that may be interested in purchasing all or a subset of the 
Company or its assets on a going concern basis (such marketing and sale process, the “Going 
Concern Sale Process”), a process that the Debtors will continue postpetition.  If there is an 
actionable going concern proposal that warrants stopping ongoing Store closing Sales, the Debtors 
will exercise their business judgment and determine the appropriate course of action. 
12. 
The Debtors also intend to present and prosecute a chapter 11 liquidating 
plan (the “Plan”) at the outset of these Chapter 11 Cases.6  The Plan, which has the support of the 
 
6  
The Debtors and their secured lenders have agreed to certain case milestones in connection with the consensual 
use of cash collateral described below, including with respect to the Plan, which will be filed no later than ten 
days after the Petition Date.  
Case 25-10469-MFW    Doc 2    Filed 03/16/25    Page 5 of 51

=== page 6 ===
 
6 
32822667.17 
Debtors’ secured lenders through a plan support agreement (the “PSA”), provides a framework for 
distributing all available proceeds of the Debtors’ assets in accordance with the priority scheme 
set forth in the Bankruptcy Code, subject to agreements reached with the Debtors’ largest 
stakeholders.  The Debtors’ proposed process will ensure the timely and efficient wind down of 
their estates and bring finality to their Chapter 11 Cases and their stakeholders in the near term.  
To execute on their proposed path forward, the Debtors reached agreement with their secured 
lenders on the consensual use of cash collateral, including with respect to a budget that provides 
for sufficient cash to pay the reasonably anticipated administrative costs of these Chapter 11 Cases.  
13. 
The remainder of this Declaration is divided into six parts.  Part I describes 
the Debtors’ corporate history, business operations, organizational structure, and the 2019 
Bankruptcy.  Part II describes the Company’s prepetition capital and debt structure.  Part III 
describes the circumstances leading to the commencement of these Chapter 11 Cases.  Part IV 
describes the Investigation (as defined below).  Part V describes the proposed terms for 
postpetition consensual use of cash collateral and the contemplated Plan.  And Part VI provides 
evidentiary support for the First Day Pleadings and certain other documents filed with the Court. 
I. 
DESCRIPTION OF THE DEBTORS 
A. 
History of the Debtors’ Business and the 2019 Bankruptcy 
14. 
Forever 21 was founded in 1984 and has since been a leader in the “fast 
fashion” industry.  The Company began as a 900 square foot store in California, but through the 
1980s and 1990s, expanded throughout the United States and, eventually, globally.  At its peak, 
Forever 21 employed 43,000 people, had over $4 billion in annual sales, and operated 
internationally under franchise arrangements entered into with foreign partners. 
15. 
The Debtors have had a fiercely loyal customer base, consisting primarily 
of young people seeking affordable means of self-expression through fashion.  Since its inception, 
Case 25-10469-MFW    Doc 2    Filed 03/16/25    Page 6 of 51

=== page 7 ===
 
7 
32822667.17 
Forever 21 has stocked its stores with vibrant clothing, jewelry, handbags, eyewear, scarves, shoes, 
and thousands of accessories grouped together across a range of styles to fit any occasion, allowing 
young people to express their fashion sense through trendy but affordable clothing and accessories.  
Forever 21 has license or other partnership arrangements with some of the biggest and most 
recognizable brands in retail and has been at the center of pop culture for decades.  
16. 
In 2019, after confronting significant financial distress on the heels of an 
aggressive foreign expansion campaign, the Debtors’ predecessor, Old F21 and certain of its then-
affiliates commenced the 2019 Bankruptcy, in jointly administered cases captioned In re Forever 
21, Inc., et al., Case No. 19-12122 (MFW).  Old F21 used the 2019 Bankruptcy to work 
collaboratively with its major stakeholders, including landlords and trade vendors, to maintain 
Old F21’s business while also reducing its domestic and international footprint and shedding many 
burdensome obligations.  Through the 2019 Bankruptcy, Old F21 implemented a Court-supervised 
marketing and sales process in hope of finding a viable buyer for Old F21’s assets.  
17. 
Old F21 was able to successfully consummate a going-concern sale during 
the 2019 Bankruptcy.  Specifically, a joint venture formed with Old F21’s largest landlords, Simon 
Property Group (together, with any affiliates or subsidiaries, “Simon”) and Brookfield Property 
Partners (together, with any affiliates or subsidiaries, “Brookfield”), on the one hand, and ABG, 
on the other, purchased Old F21’s business pursuant to a Court-approved going-concern sale 
transaction in February 2020 (the “F21 Acquisition”).  One year later, Brookfield sold its interest 
in F21 Opco, LLC to SPARC Group Holdings LLC (“SPARC”).  SPARC’s primary equity 
holders, Simon and ABG, are leaders in their respective fields.  Simon, an S&P 100 company, is 
a real estate investment trust engaged in the ownership of premier shopping, dining, entertainment, 
Case 25-10469-MFW    Doc 2    Filed 03/16/25    Page 7 of 51

=== page 8 ===
 
8 
32822667.17 
and mixed-use destinations.  ABG, in turn, is a brand licensing and development, marketing, and 
entertainment company that owns a portfolio of global media, entertainment, and lifestyle brands.   
18. 
The F21 Acquisition preserved thousands of jobs and vendor and landlord 
relationships, and kept a significant number of stores occupied, all, as it turned out, on the eve of 
the COVID-19 pandemic.  While Old F21’s operational assets now reside with Debtor F21 OpCo, 
LLC (i.e., accounts receivable, inventory, leasehold interests, etc.), Old F21’s intellectual property 
now resides with a subsidiary of ABG, which currently licenses the Forever 21 brand to the 
Debtors for their domestic operations and to third parties that operate under the Forever 21 brand 
internationally.  For the avoidance of doubt, parties doing business under the Forever 21 brand 
internationally are not involved in these Chapter 11 Cases. 
B. 
The Debtors’ Business Operations After the 2019 Bankruptcy 
a. 
The F21 Acquisition 
19. 
The Debtors continued their predecessors’ business in the United States 
following the F21 Acquisition, which, among other things, allowed the Company to take advantage 
of valuable synergies that SPARC had developed in the retail industry.  Specifically, by utilizing 
the vast retail experience possessed by ABG and Simon, SPARC had become, and remains at this 
time, a leader in the operations of fashion and apparel companies through the operation of well-
known and successful brands such as Aéropostale, Brooks Brothers, Eddie Bauer, Nautica, and 
Lucky Brands.  
20. 
The Debtors enjoyed a moderate period of success after the F21 
Acquisition, especially after customers returned to pre-pandemic shopping habits on an 
incremental basis.  Specifically, the Company generated approximately $2 billion in revenue and 
$165 million in EBITDA in fiscal year 2021.  Since fiscal year 2021, however, the Company’s 
Case 25-10469-MFW    Doc 2    Filed 03/16/25    Page 8 of 51

=== page 9 ===
 
9 
32822667.17 
performance has suffered significantly due to inflation, the de minimis exemption, and certain 
other factors. 
21. 
The Debtors have also continued to operate the Forever21.com website, 
selling clothes to customers throughout the U.S.  In 2024, approximately 11% of the Debtors’ 
domestic sales were originated online. 
b. 
Historical Cash Management 
22. 
After the F21 Acquisition, the Debtors participated in a cash pooling system 
that SPARC had developed for the collection of brands it operates.  Centered at SPARC Group 
LLC, the entity housing the Aeropostale brand’s operations (“Aero”), all cash generated by entities 
under the SPARC umbrella, including the Debtors, was swept into an account held by Aero (such 
arrangement, the “Cash Pooling Arrangement”), which Aero then used to pay down the Old 
SPARC ABL Facility (as defined below).  As the Debtors or other SPARC subsidiaries required 
cash to fund their respective operations, Aero would draw on the Old SPARC ABL Facility and 
disburse funds to the applicable SPARC portfolio company (generally on a brand-by-brand basis); 
an intercompany receivable owing from such entity was recorded and, simultaneously, the 
applicable SPARC subsidiary would book an intercompany payable owing to Aero.  This 
arrangement continued after the Old SPARC ABL Facility was replaced with the ABL Facility (as 
defined below) in connection with the SPARC Acquisition (as defined below).  As of the Petition 
Date, the intercompany payable owing from the Debtors to Aero pursuant to the Cash Pooling 
Arrangement is approximately $320 million (the “SPARC Payable”). 
c. 
The Company’s Vendor and Landlord Relationships 
23. 
The Debtors rely on a comprehensive network of primarily foreign vendors 
for manufacturing and production of their merchandise.  The Company has, in the last five years, 
worked with well over 1,000 vendors and suppliers to manufacture and deliver merchandise to 
Case 25-10469-MFW    Doc 2    Filed 03/16/25    Page 9 of 51

=== page 10 ===
 
10 
32822667.17 
customers in the United States and internationally.  Generally, the Company has worked with 
various domestic vendors to design and source merchandise from foreign manufacturers, located 
predominantly in China, Korea, and Hong Kong.   
24. 
After consummation of the F21 Acquisition, the Company operated 
approximately 413 Forever 21 stores in the United States, but did not own any of its own real 
property.  Recognizing the consumer shift away from shopping at brick-and-mortar stores and the 
significant burden of Forever 21’s leasehold expenses, the Company attempted to further shed 
underperforming leases throughout 2024.   
25. 
As of the Petition Date, the Debtors lease retail space from approximately 
78 unique landlords nationwide, with approximately 27% of their operating retail locations leased 
from Simon and 19% from Brookfield.  Of the Debtors’ open stores as of the Petition Date, 
approximately 123 are located in shopping malls, 55 in outlet centers, and the balance in cities and 
suburban shopping areas with strong foot traffic and surrounding retail operations.  Approximately 
75% of the Debtors’ leases determine the Company’s rental obligations based on a calculation of 
such location’s prior month’s revenue, rather than on a flat rate basis.  The percentage rent owed 
to applicable landlords depends on many factors, including but not limited to the productivity of 
the real estate, the supply and demand dynamics for space, geographic location, store square 
footage, and other considerations.  
26. 
The Debtors also lease a corporate headquarters in Los Angeles, California, 
which the Debtors have occupied since June 2022, and lease and operate a 656,000 square foot 
distribution center in Perris, California (the “Distribution Center”), which houses certain valuable 
machinery and equipment, as well as the Debtors’ merchandise and inventory.7    
 
7  
The Debtors utilize a third-party logistics provider, Maersk, to provide labor at the Distribution Center, which is 
leased for approximately $500,000 per month under a lease (the “Distribution Center Lease”) set to expire in 
Case 25-10469-MFW    Doc 2    Filed 03/16/25    Page 10 of 51

=== page 11 ===
 
11 
32822667.17 
27. 
As of the Petition Date, the Debtors are current on their rental obligations 
other than rent which came due and owing to landlords between March 1, 2025, and the Petition 
Date. 
C. 
JC Penney Acquires SPARC 
28. 
On December 19, 2024, JC Penney, an iconic American shopping 
destination offering a broad portfolio of fashion, apparel, home, beauty, and jewelry from national 
and private brands, acquired SPARC, thereby forming a new company known as Catalyst Brands 
(hereinafter, “Catalyst Brands,” and such acquisition, the “SPARC Acquisition”).  In connection 
with the SPARC Acquisition, among other things, all equity interests in SPARC were acquired by 
Copper Retail JV, LLC, the parent company of the JC Penney business.  The SPARC Acquisition 
brought together the operations for six unique brands, and Catalyst Brands launched with 1,800 
store locations and 60,000 employees.   As part of the SPARC Acquisition, the former owner of 
SPARC, SPARC Group Holdings II LLC (equity in which is held by affiliates of Simon, ABG, 
and global e-commerce platform Shein) became a minority owner in Catalyst Brands.  As of the 
SPARC Acquisition, affiliates of Simon, ABG, and Brookfield all hold equity in Catalyst Brands.  
29. 
In connection with the SPARC Acquisition, Catalyst Brands also stated 
publicly that it was exploring strategic options for the Company. 
II. 
CAPITAL STRUCTURE AND PREPETITION DEBT 
30. 
The Debtors’ organizational structure remained the same after the SPARC 
Acquisition.  Debtor F21 OpCo, LLC is the primary operating Debtor; Debtor F21 Puerto Rico, 
LLC operates the Debtors’ five stores in Puerto Rico; and Debtor F21 GiftCo Management, LLC 
is the entity which administers the Debtors’ gift card program, discussed below.  A copy of the 
 
2029.  The Debtors have been actively marketing the Distribution Center Lease given the advantageous location 
and Distribution Center capacity.  
Case 25-10469-MFW    Doc 2    Filed 03/16/25    Page 11 of 51

=== page 12 ===
 
12 
32822667.17 
organizational chart of F21 Opco, LLC and its direct and indirect subsidiaries, which includes the 
three Debtors, is attached hereto as Exhibit A (the “Corporate Organization Chart”).  A copy 
of an organizational chart setting forth the Debtors and their non-Debtor affiliates within the 
broader Catalyst Brands enterprise is attached hereto as Exhibit B. 
A. 
Prepetition Debt Structure 
a. 
Pre-SPARC Acquisition Debt Structure 
31. 
Prior to the SPARC Acquisition, SPARC and certain of its direct and 
indirect subsidiaries, including the Debtors, were party to: (a) that certain Third Amended and 
Restated Credit Agreement, dated as of March 1, 2022 (as amended, restated, amended and 
restated, supplemented, or otherwise modified from time to time, the “Old SPARC ABL Credit 
Agreement”), entered into with PNC Bank National Association, as administrative agent and 
collateral agent, and the lenders party thereto that provided an asset-backed facility (the “Old 
SPARC ABL Facility”); (b) that certain Credit Agreement, dated as of July 10, 2023 (as amended, 
restated, amended and restated, supplemented and otherwise modified from time to time, the “Old 
SPARC LC Term Loan Agreement”), by and among SPARC Group LLC, PNC Bank, National 
Association, as administrative agent, and each lender from time to time party thereto, that provided 
a term loan backed by letter of credit (the “Old SPARC LC Term Loan Facility”); and (c) the 
initial Subordinated Loan Credit Agreement (as defined below) originally entered into in February 
2024 to provide intercompany loans for the benefit of direct and indirect subsidiaries of SPARC.   
32. 
In connection with the SPARC Acquisition, among other things, (a) the Old 
SPARC ABL Facility and Old SPARC LC Term Loan Facility were repaid and refinanced, all 
commitments to the lenders thereunder were terminated, and all related loan documents, 
guarantees, liens, and other obligations thereunder were terminated and released, (b) SPARC and 
certain of its direct and indirect subsidiaries, including the Debtors, became joining loan parties to 
Case 25-10469-MFW    Doc 2    Filed 03/16/25    Page 12 of 51

=== page 13 ===
 
13 
32822667.17 
JC Penney’s existing debt facilities, i.e., the ABL Facility and the Term Loan Facility (as defined 
below), and (c) certain JC Penney entities that are ABL Loan Parties and Term Loan Parties (each 
as defined below) became obligors under the Subordinated Loan Facility. 
b. 
Post-SPARC Acquisition Debt Structure 
33. 
As of the Petition Date, the Debtors are obligors under the ABL Credit 
Agreement, Term Loan Credit Agreement, and Subordinated Loan Credit Agreement (each as 
defined below).  The following table summarizes the Debtors’ outstanding funded-debt obligations 
as of the Petition Date: 
Funded Debt 
Maturity 
Approximate Outstanding Principal 
Amount as of the Petition Date 
ABL Facility 
December 2026 
$1.085 billion 
Term Loan Facility 
December 2026 
$321 million 
Subordinated Loan Facility 
May 2027 
$176 million 
Total Funded Debt 
$1.582 billion  
(1) 
ABL Facility 
34. 
Pursuant to that certain Joinder and Third Amendment to Credit Agreement, 
dated as of December 6, 2024, the Debtors became ABL Loan Parties under that certain Credit 
Agreement, originally dated as of December 7, 2020 (as amended, restated, amended and restated, 
supplemented, waived, or otherwise modified prior to the Petition Date, the “ABL Credit 
Agreement,” and, collectively with the Loan Documents (as defined in the ABL Credit 
Agreement), the “ABL Loan Documents”), by and among (a) Penney Holdings LLC, as lead 
administrative borrower, and certain other Loan Parties (as defined in the ABL Credit Agreement), 
including non-Debtor affiliates (together with Penney Holdings LLC, collectively, the “ABL Loan 
Parties”), (b) Wells Fargo Bank, N.A., in its capacity as administrative agent, and Wells Fargo 
Case 25-10469-MFW    Doc 2    Filed 03/16/25    Page 13 of 51

=== page 14 ===
 
14 
32822667.17 
Bank, N.A. and PNC Bank, N.A., as co-collateral agents (collectively, in such capacities, 
the “ABL Agent”), and (c) the lenders party thereto from time to time (collectively, 
the “ABL Lenders”).  The ABL Loan Documents provide for a revolving facility of up to 
$1.75 billion (the “Revolving Facility”) and a first-in, last out facility of $160 million 
(the “FILO Facility,” and together with the Revolving Facility, the “ABL Facility”), in each case 
subject to certain adjustments to the applicable borrowing base as described in the ABL Credit 
Agreement. 
35. 
The maturity date on the ABL Facility is December 16, 2026.  The 
obligations under the ABL Loan Documents are secured by liens on, and security interests in, 
substantially all assets of the ABL Loan Parties, subject to certain exceptions (the “Prepetition 
Collateral,” and the liens attaching to such ABL Collateral, the “ABL Liens”). 
36. 
As of the Petition Date, approximately $1.085 billion in aggregate principal 
amount is outstanding under the ABL Facility, consisting of approximately $925 million in 
principal amount outstanding under the Revolving Facility and approximately $160 million in 
principal amount outstanding under the FILO Facility.  The ABL Lenders have full recourse rights 
against the Company with respect to these obligations.  
(2) 
Term Loan Facility 
37. 
Pursuant to that certain Joinder and Third Amendment to Credit Agreement, 
dated as of December 6, 2024, the Debtors became Term Loan Parties (as defined below) under 
that certain Credit Agreement, originally dated as of December 7, 2020 (as amended, restated, 
amended and restated, supplemented, waived, or otherwise modified prior to the Petition Date, the 
“Term Loan Credit Agreement,” and, collectively with the Loan Documents (as defined in the 
Term Loan Credit Agreement), the “Term Loan Documents”), by and among (a) Penney 
Holdings LLC, as lead administrative borrower, and the other Loan Parties (as defined in the Term 
Case 25-10469-MFW    Doc 2    Filed 03/16/25    Page 14 of 51

=== page 15 ===
 
15 
32822667.17 
Loan Credit Agreement), including non-Debtor affiliates (together with Penney Holdings LLC, 
collectively, the “Term Loan Parties”), (b) Pathlight Capital LP, in its capacity as administrative 
agent and collateral agent (in such capacity, the “Term Loan Agent”), and (c) the lenders from 
time to time party thereto (collectively, the “Term Loan Lenders”).  The Term Loan Documents 
provide for a first in, last-out term loan credit facility of up to $340 million (the “Term Loan 
Facility”). 
38. 
The maturity date on the Term Loan Facility is December 16, 2026.  
The obligations under the Term Loan Documents are secured by liens on, and security interests in, 
the Prepetition Collateral, among other assets of certain non-Debtors (collectively, the “Term 
Loan Liens”).  The Term Loan Liens on the Prepetition Collateral are subordinate and junior in 
priority to the ABL Liens on the Prepetition Collateral.  
39. 
As of the Petition Date, approximately $321 million in principal amount is 
outstanding under the Term Loan Facility.  The Term Loan Lenders have full recourse rights 
against the Company for these obligations. 
(3) 
Subordinated Loan Facility 
40. 
The Debtors are party to that Amended and Restated Term Loan Credit 
Agreement, dated as of December 19, 2024 (as amended, restated, amended and restated, 
supplemented, waived, or otherwise modified prior to the Petition Date, the “Subordinated Loan 
Credit Agreement,”8 and, collectively with the Loan Documents (as defined in the Subordinated 
Loan Credit Agreement), the “Subordinated Loan Documents”), by and among (a) Penney 
Holdings LLC, as lead administrative borrower, and the other Loan Parties (as defined in the 
 
8  
The Subordinated Loan Credit Agreement amended the underlying Term Loan Credit, Guaranty and Security 
Agreement, dated as of February 23, 2024, which was in effect immediately prior and up to the Restatement Date 
(as defined in the Subordinated Loan Credit Agreement). 
Case 25-10469-MFW    Doc 2    Filed 03/16/25    Page 15 of 51

=== page 16 ===
 
16 
32822667.17 
Subordinated Loan Credit Agreement), including non-Debtor affiliates (together with Penney 
Holdings LLC, collectively, the “Subordinated Loan Parties”), (b) Simon Blackjack 
Consolidated Holdings, LLC, in its capacity as the administrative agent and collateral agent (in 
such capacity, the “Subordinated Loan Agent”), and (c) the lenders from time to time party 
thereto.  The Subordinated Loan Documents provide for a term loan facility of approximately 
$169 million (the “Subordinated Loan Facility”), with payment-in-kind interest accruing 
thereon.  
41. 
The maturity date on the Subordinated Loan Facility is May 26, 2027.  The 
obligations under the Subordinated Loan Documents are secured by liens on, and security interests 
in, the Prepetition Collateral (the “Subordinated Loan Liens”). The Subordinated Loan Liens are 
subordinate and junior in priority to each of the ABL Liens and the Term Loan Liens on the 
Prepetition Collateral. 
42. 
As of the Petition Date, approximately $176 million in principal amount is 
outstanding under the Subordinated Loan Facility.  The Subordinated Loan Parties have full 
recourse rights against the Company for these obligations. 
(4) 
Intercreditor Agreements 
43. 
In connection with the SPARC Acquisition, the Debtors became party to 
that certain Amended and Restated Intercreditor Agreement, dated as of December 16, 2021 (as 
amended, restated, amended and restated, supplemented, waived, or otherwise modified prior to 
the Petition Date, the “ABL-Term Loan Intercreditor Agreement”), by and among (a) the ABL 
Agent, (b) the Term Loan Agent, and (c) the ABL Loan Parties and Term Loan Parties.  Among 
other things, the ABL-Term Loan Intercreditor Agreement sets forth the agreements among the 
ABL Agent and the Term Loan Agent with respect to the priority of liens on, and security interests 
in, the Prepetition Collateral.  
Case 25-10469-MFW    Doc 2    Filed 03/16/25    Page 16 of 51

=== page 17 ===
 
17 
32822667.17 
44. 
In connection with the SPARC Acquisition, the Debtors also became party 
to that certain Intercreditor Agreement, dated as of December 19, 2024 (as amended, restated, 
amended and restated, supplemented, waived, or otherwise modified prior to the Petition Date, 
the “Senior-Subordinated Intercreditor Agreement”), by and among (a) the ABL Agent, 
(b) the Term Loan Agent, (c) the Subordinated Loan Agent, and (d) the ABL Loan Parties, Term 
Loan Parties, and Subordinated Loan Parties from time to time party thereto.  Among other things, 
the Senior-Subordinated Intercreditor Agreement sets forth the agreements among the ABL Agent, 
the Term Loan Agent and the Subordinated Loan Agent with respect to the priority of liens on, 
and security interests in, the Prepetition Collateral. Pursuant to the Senior-Subordinated 
Intercreditor Agreement, the parties thereto agreed, among other things, that the Subordinated 
Loan Liens on the Prepetition Collateral shall be subordinate and junior in all respects to the ABL 
Liens and Term Loan Liens. 
B. 
SPARC Payable 
45. 
As described above, the Debtors also benefited from the Cash Pooling 
Arrangement in the years prior to the SPARC Acquisition.  Because the Debtors faced significant 
financial challenges in recent years, the Debtors believe that they were net beneficiaries under the 
Cash Pooling Arrangement as this system funded losses at the Debtors’ operations.  As noted 
above, as of the Petition Date, approximately $320 million (i.e., the SPARC Payable) is due and 
payable to Aero by the Debtors. 
C. 
Equity Interests 
46. 
Each of F21 Puerto Rico, LLC and F21 Giftco Management, LLC is 100% 
owned by F21 OpCo, LLC.   F21 OpCo, LLC, in turn, is 100% owned by SPARC. 
Case 25-10469-MFW    Doc 2    Filed 03/16/25    Page 17 of 51

=== page 18 ===
 
18 
32822667.17 
III. 
EVENTS IMMEDIATELY PRIOR TO, AND GOALS OF, THE CHAPTER 11 
CASES 
A. 
The Debtors Face New Financial Headwinds 
47. 
The Company initially stabilized its retail and e-commerce operations 
through the 2019 Bankruptcy and successfully implemented certain strategic initiatives thereafter.  
In fact, as the COVID pandemic eased in 2021, the Company generated $165 million in EBITDA 
in fiscal year 2021.  In recent years, however, the Debtors’ business operations have been 
negatively impacted by challenges affecting many peer retailers, including persistent inflation, 
decreased consumer discretionary spending, a stubborn rise in interest rates, contracting margins, 
supply chain interruptions, competition from non-U.S. retailers taking advantage of the de minimis 
exemption, and shifting customer preferences. 
48. 
As a result of these operational obstacles and industry changes, the Debtors’ 
revenue suffered.  The Debtors have lost more than $400 million over the last three fiscal years 
and, in fiscal year 2024 alone, the Debtors lost approximately $150 million.  Current projections 
reflect that the Debtors are anticipated to lose $180 million in EBITDA through 2025. 
49. 
The Company has sought to address its operational issues, and in 2024 it 
closed approximately 34 retail locations, some under the supervision of Hilco Merchant Resources, 
LLC (“Hilco”).9  In addition, Simon, among other cooperating landlords, began offering material 
rent concessions to the Company in April 2024, and ABG similarly extended the Debtors a 50% 
discount on its licensing fees at that time.10  To date, the concessions negotiated with various 
landlords and ABG, collectively, total over $50 million in savings. 
 
9  
The Store Closing Sales described herein, overseen by the Liquidator Joint Venture (as defined herein), 
commenced at each of the Debtors’ remaining locations prior to the Petition Date. 
10  This arrangement does not extend to wholesale or online sales. 
Case 25-10469-MFW    Doc 2    Filed 03/16/25    Page 18 of 51

=== page 19 ===
 
19 
32822667.17 
50. 
The Company also explored other strategic solutions to address its 
performance, including commencing an informal outreach to a handful of potential acquirers 
which, unfortunately, yielded no viable transactions or go-forward business partners.  
Consequently, given historically declining performance and lack of material unencumbered assets, 
the Company began to consider both in- and out-of-Court options.    
B. 
Post-SPARC Acquisition 
51. 
As noted above, as part of the SPARC Acquisition, Catalyst Brands 
announced that it was considering strategic options for the Company.  In connection with those 
efforts, the Debtors retained Young Conaway Stargatt & Taylor, LLP (“Young Conaway”), Paul, 
Weiss, Rifkind, Wharton & Garrison, LLP (“Paul, Weiss”), and BRG in January 2025 to explore 
various restructuring or transactional opportunities.11  In addition, on January 14, 2025, the Debtors 
created the Board, consisting of two individuals experienced in overseeing distressed situations as 
both restructuring professionals and directors—Paul Aronzon and Scott Vogel—to oversee the 
Debtors’ restructuring strategy. 
52. 
The Board has been overseeing the Debtors’ contingency planning.  Among 
other things, the Board has supervised (a) the ongoing evaluation of the marketing and sales 
process, (b) the assessment of strategic alternatives if the marketing process does not yield a viable 
going concern sale, and (c) an investigation (the “Investigation”) of any potential claims and 
causes of action that the Company may have against third parties, including insiders.  The Board 
is fully apprised of the Debtors’ strategy in these Chapter 11 Cases, including with respect to the 
 
11  The Debtors retained Young Conaway as the Company’s primary bankruptcy counsel, and Paul Weiss, which has 
historically advised the Debtors when owned by SPARC and Catalyst Brands, as the Company’s corporate and 
finance counsel.  
Case 25-10469-MFW    Doc 2    Filed 03/16/25    Page 19 of 51

=== page 20 ===
 
20 
32822667.17 
ongoing Store Closing Sales and Going Concern Sale Process, as well as the PSA, the 
contemplated Plan and its material terms.  
53. 
In the months leading up to the Petition Date, the Debtors’ management 
team, with direction from the Board, began more formally marketing their assets and soliciting 
bids for a value maximizing transaction.  On or about January 17, 2025, the Debtors retained SSG 
Capital Advisors, LLC (“SSG”), an experienced investment banking firm specializing in middle 
market situations, to oversee and continue the Going Concern Sale Process that commenced, on 
an informal basis, in Summer 2024.  Since its engagement, SSG has contacted 217 strategic and 
financial buyers, 30 of which have entered into confidentiality agreements with the Debtors and 
engaged in due diligence on the Debtors’ assets.  The Debtors also retained Retail Consulting 
Services, Inc. d/b/a RCS Real Estate Advisors (“RCS”), on or about February 20, 2025, to solicit 
interest in the Debtors’ lease portfolio on a standalone basis.  The Debtors’ senior management 
team and advisors have spent significant time meeting with numerous parties interested in 
acquiring the Debtors’ core assets and exploring going concern scenarios for the Debtors’ business. 
54. 
With respect to the Store Closing Sales, prior to selecting the Liquidator 
Joint Venture (as defined below), the Debtors solicited bids from various third-party consultants, 
and held diligence sessions to determine which consultant possessed the requisite skills, resources, 
and experience to perform the Debtors’ large-scale going out of business sales in a controlled, 
efficient, and value-maximizing manner. The Debtors received and, with the assistance of their 
advisors, carefully considered multiple formal proposals, including that presented by a joint 
venture comprised of Hilco, Gordon Brothers Retail Partners, LLC, and SB360 Capital Partners, 
LLC (collectively, the “Liquidator Joint Venture”).  Notably, all potential bidders contemplated 
running the Store Closing Sales through a chapter 11 process.  To ensure that the Debtors entered 
Case 25-10469-MFW    Doc 2    Filed 03/16/25    Page 20 of 51

=== page 21 ===
 
21 
32822667.17 
into a consulting arrangement on the most favorable terms reasonably available under the 
circumstances, the Debtors spent significant time negotiating the economics of the proposals.  
Following these extensive negotiations, the Debtors determined to move forward with the proposal 
submitted by the Liquidator Joint Venture, which the Debtors, in consultation with their advisors 
and the Board, determined under the circumstances represented the most value-maximizing 
transaction reasonably available and preserved the best opportunity to consummate an alternative, 
going-concern transaction should one become feasible. 
55. 
The Debtors and Liquidator Joint Venture subsequently engaged in arm’s-
length negotiations with respect to the terms of the Liquidator Joint Venture’s retention to conduct 
the Store Closing Sales and, on February 12, 2025, the Debtors and Liquidator Joint Venture 
executed an amendment to the agency agreement previously entered into by and between the 
Company and Hilco (such amendment, the “Agency Agreement Amendment,” and the 
underlying agency agreement, the “Agency Agreement”).  Among other things, the Agency 
Agreement Amendment binds the new participants in the Liquidator Joint Venture to the initial 
Agency Agreement entered into with Hilco and memorializes the terms for the Liquidator Joint 
Venture’s compensation.  Prior to the Petition Date, on or about February 14, 2025, the Company 
commenced Store Closing Sales at approximately 236 of the Debtors’ retail locations, initiating 
an incremental closing process that will allow the Debtors to minimize time in chapter 11 and to 
exit stores quickly.  Subsequently, the Company commenced Store Closing Sales at the Debtors’ 
remaining 118 locations on or about February 27, 2025.  Pursuant to the Agency Agreement 
Amendment and subject to Court approval, the Liquidator Joint Venture will serve as the exclusive 
agent to the Debtors in connection with the Store Closing Sales during these Chapter 11 Cases.  
Case 25-10469-MFW    Doc 2    Filed 03/16/25    Page 21 of 51

=== page 22 ===
 
22 
32822667.17 
56. 
The Agency Agreement Amendment provides that the Debtors and 
Liquidator Joint Venture expect to complete all Store Closing Sales before May 1, 2025, with 
many Store Closing Sales ending before April 1, 2025.  While the Store Closing Sales are 
conducted, the Going Concern Sale Process will continue to run its course as the Debtors and their 
advisors work towards achieving a value maximizing, go-forward transaction.  To facilitate this 
process, the Debtors will file a motion seeking approval of bid procedures and various related 
deadlines in the near term. 
IV. 
THE INVESTIGATION 
57. 
As discussed above, the independent Board began assessing and 
investigating any potential claims or causes of action that the Debtors may have against third 
parties, including insiders.  Accordingly, while the Debtors pursued the strategic alternatives 
discussed herein in the months prior to the Petition Date, the Board also undertook the 
Investigation.  
58. 
As part of that process, the Board interviewed Young Conaway in January 
2025 to determine its experience and approach in conducting investigations in similar situations, 
both in and out of court, and to confirm Young Conaway’s capacity and available resources to 
conduct the Investigation.  After interviewing Young Conaway, it is my understanding that the 
Board conferred and determined that, because of Young Conaway’s experience in such matters 
and its ability to commit a dedicated team to complete the Investigation in an efficient and thorough 
manner, it would be in the best interests of the Company to retain Young Conaway to assist and 
advise the Board in connection with the Investigation.  The Board retained Young Conaway as its 
counsel, for purposes of the Investigation, on January 21, 2025, and immediately began the 
Investigation thereafter.   
   
Case 25-10469-MFW    Doc 2    Filed 03/16/25    Page 22 of 51

=== page 23 ===
 
23 
32822667.17 
V. 
CONSENSUAL USE OF CASH COLLATERAL AND PLAN OF LIQUIDATION 
59. 
In January and February 2025, the Debtors approached the ABL Agent and 
the Term Loan Agent to discuss the Company’s financial situation and related determination to 
wind down the Debtors’ operations while also pursuing going concern alternatives.  To assist with 
this process, BRG worked with the Debtors, the ABL Agent, and the Term Loan Agent to prepare 
a budget and cash flow forecast to support the execution of a chapter 11 proceeding to implement 
the Going Concern Sale Process, the Store Closing Sales, or both in parallel.  As part of those 
discussions, the Company also proposed the material terms for an agreement that would allow the 
Debtors to use cash collateral on a consensual basis during the pendency of these proceedings, as 
well as a liquidating plan that would streamline these Chapter 11 Cases and provide finality for all 
interested parties.  As a result of those discussions, the Debtors and all ABL Lenders and Term 
Loan Lenders entered into the PSA, dated March 16, 2025. 
60. 
The PSA, among other things, memorializes the material terms of the Plan 
and concessions obtained by the Debtors from their secured creditors for the benefit of unsecured 
creditors.  At a high level, the Debtors have negotiated a distribution—which could be as much as 
6% of distributable proceeds—to general unsecured creditors which would otherwise be 
significantly out of the money given forecasted recoveries for the Debtors’ assets and the lack of 
any material unencumbered assets.  In connection with the PSA, the Debtors and the ABL Agent 
also reached an agreement which will enable the Debtors to use cash collateral on a consensual 
basis during the duration of these Chapter 11 Cases and use the cash proceeds from the Store 
Closing Sales and any successful Going Concern Sale to fund the administrative claims incurred.  
The Cash Collateral Order (as defined below) is accompanied by a budget (the “Budget”), which 
I believe positions the Debtors to prosecute these Chapter 11 Cases, including with respect to the 
Plan, and implement a responsible and orderly wind-down upon confirmation and consummation 
Case 25-10469-MFW    Doc 2    Filed 03/16/25    Page 23 of 51

=== page 24 ===
 
24 
32822667.17 
thereof.  For the reasons described below, I believe that the Budget accounts for payment or 
satisfaction of all reasonably anticipated administrative expense and priority claims associated 
with these Chapter 11 Cases, including claims arising under section 503(b)(9) of the Bankruptcy 
Code, and, therefore, will leave the estates with sufficient cash to confirm the Plan and go effective 
shortly thereafter. 
61. 
Finally, the PSA and proposed cash collateral order memorialize the 
agreement reached between the Debtors and their secured lenders with respect to certain case 
milestones, which are summarized below: 
Deadline to file Plan & Disclosure Statement 
March 26, 2025  
Deadline to Obtain Final Cash  
Collateral Order & Store Closing Order 
 
April 20, 2025 
Deadline to Obtain Entry  
of Solicitation Procedures Order 
 
May 5, 2025 
Deadline to Obtain Entry  
of Confirmation Order 
 
June 14, 2025 
Deadline for Plan to go Effective 
June 19, 2025 
 
VI. 
THE FIRST DAY PLEADINGS 
62. 
In connection with the commencement of these Chapter 11 Cases, the 
Debtors have filed First Day Pleadings seeking to, among other things: 
a. satisfy certain wage and tax obligations; 
b. ensure the continuation of the Debtors’ cash management system and insurance 
programs without interruption; 
c. obtain authority to use cash collateral on a consensual basis; 
d. provide adequate assurance of payment to the Debtors’ utility providers; 
e. continue certain customer programs for a limited period of time; 
Case 25-10469-MFW    Doc 2    Filed 03/16/25    Page 24 of 51

=== page 25 ===
 
25 
32822667.17 
f. obtain authority to satisfy certain prepetition claims held by certain of the 
Debtors’ shippers, warehousemen and potential lienholders; and 
g. implement certain store closing sale procedures which will govern the Store 
Closing Sales at the Debtors’ remaining retail locations.  
63. 
I am familiar with each First Day Pleading and, absent the relief requested 
therein, I believe that the Debtors would suffer immediate and irreparable harm that would 
jeopardize their ability to maintain their business operations in a value-maximizing manner during 
the pendency of these proceedings.  Specifically, absent the relief requested, I believe that the 
Debtors’ ability to maximize value through the Store Closing Sales would be impaired and the 
Going Concern Sale Process would be similarly compromised.  I further believe that the relief 
sought in the First Day Pleadings is critical to the Debtors’ efforts to both transition into chapter 
11 efficiently and minimize disruptions to their business operations while the wind down is 
accomplished and the marketing and sale process runs its course.  Finally, I believe that the First 
Day Pleadings reflect the thorough and targeted analyses of the Debtors’ management team and 
professional advisors, and capture relief that is narrowly constructed and, indeed, critical to the 
success of these Chapter 11 Cases. 
64. 
As a result of my first-hand knowledge, and through my review of various 
materials and information and discussions with members of the Debtors’ management team and 
the Debtors’ outside advisors, I have formed opinions as to (a) the necessity of obtaining the relief 
sought by the Debtors in the First Day Pleadings, (b) the need for the Debtors to operate effectively 
while working to maximize the value of their assets for the benefit of all stakeholders, and (c) the 
immediate and irreparable harm to which the Debtors will be exposed upon the commencement of 
these Chapter 11 Cases unless the limited relief requested in the First Day Pleadings is granted 
without delay. 
Case 25-10469-MFW    Doc 2    Filed 03/16/25    Page 25 of 51

=== page 26 ===
 
26 
32822667.17 
65. 
As described more fully below, the relief requested in the First Day 
Pleadings was carefully tailored by the Debtors, in consultation with their advisors, to ensure that 
(a) the Debtors’ immediate operational needs are met so that the Debtors can maximize value 
through the wind down and Going Concern Sale Process, as applicable; and (b) the Debtors do not 
suffer immediate and irreparable harm at the outset of these Chapter 11 Cases that would 
undermine their ability to achieve the best recovery, under the circumstances, for interested parties.  
I, or my colleagues at my instruction, participated in the analysis that informed each First Day 
Pleading, and assisted in developing the relief requested therein and reviewed the pleadings related 
thereto.  At all times, the Debtors’ management team and professionals remained cognizant of the 
limitations imposed on a debtor in possession and, given those limitations, the Debtors narrowed 
the relief requested at the outset of these Chapter 11 Cases to those matters that require urgent 
relief to sustain the Debtors’ immediate operations and preserve value during the pendency of 
these Chapter 11 Cases.  It is my opinion that the Debtors would suffer immediate and irreparable 
harm if the relief requested in the First Day Pleadings is not granted on the terms proposed. 
a. 
Debtors’ Motion for Entry of an Order Authorizing the Joint Administration of 
Related Chapter 11 Cases (the “Joint Administration Motion”) 
66. 
The Debtors request entry of an order approving the joint administration of 
these Chapter 11 Cases for procedural purposes only.  I believe that it would be far more practical 
and expedient for the administration of these Chapter 11 Cases if the Court were to authorize their 
joint administration, which will reduce costs and facilitate the administrative process by avoiding 
the need for duplicative notices, applications, and orders.  It is my understanding that no prejudice 
will befall any party by the joint administration of the Debtors’ cases, as the relief sought therein 
is solely procedural, and not intended to affect substantive rights.  Given the foregoing, the Debtors 
respectfully request that the relief sought in the Joint Administration Motion be approved. 
Case 25-10469-MFW    Doc 2    Filed 03/16/25    Page 26 of 51

=== page 27 ===
 
27 
32822667.17 
b. 
Debtors’ Application for Entry of an Order Authorizing the Debtors to Employ and 
Retain Kurtzman Carson Consultants, LLC dba Verita Global as Claims and 
Noticing Agent Effective as of the Petition Date (the “Claims Agent 
Retention Application”) 
67. 
The Debtors request entry of an order, pursuant to 28 U.S.C. § 156(c), Rule 
2002(f) of the Federal Rules of Bankruptcy Procedure, and Rule 2002-1(f) of the Local Rules of 
the United States Bankruptcy Court for the District of Delaware (the “Local Rules”), authorizing 
the retention and appointment of Kurtzman Carson Consultants, LLC, dba Verita Global 
(“Verita”) as claims and noticing agent in these Chapter 11 Cases.  I believe that the relief 
requested in the Claims Agent Retention Application will ease the administrative burden on the 
Clerk of the Court in connection with these Chapter 11 Cases.  In addition, I have been advised by 
the Debtors’ proposed counsel that Verita’s retention is required by the Local Rules given the 
Debtors’ anticipated number of creditors.  In light of the foregoing and Verita’s competitive rates, 
the Debtors respectfully request that the application to retain Verita as claims and noticing agent 
be approved. 
c. 
Debtors’ Motion for Entry of an Order (I) Authorizing Debtors to Redact Certain 
Personally Identifiable Information from the Creditor Matrix and Other 
Documents; and (II) Granting Related Relief (the “Creditor Matrix Motion”) 
68. 
The Debtors seek entry of an order authorizing the Debtors to redact certain 
personally identifiable information of the Debtors’ customers and current and former employees, 
including their respective home and email addresses, included in the Debtors’ creditor matrix, the 
Debtors’ schedules of assets and liabilities and statements of financial affairs, and other documents 
filed in these Chapter 11 Cases. 
69. 
The Debtors submit that the employees and customers, who have no other 
connection to these Chapter 11 Cases and who may not currently work for the Debtors or realize 
their personally identifiable information is maintained by the Debtors, should not be required to 
Case 25-10469-MFW    Doc 2    Filed 03/16/25    Page 27 of 51

=== page 28 ===
 
28 
32822667.17 
monitor the docket in these Chapter 11 Cases to protect themselves from the threat of identity theft 
or harm.  Given the circumstances, I believe that shielding these individual creditors from 
publication of their home and email addresses is necessary and appropriate to safeguard their 
privacy and security.  Accordingly, the Debtors respectfully request that the relief requested in the 
Credit Matrix Motion be approved. 
d. 
Debtors’ Motion for Entry of Interim and Final Orders (I) Authorizing the Debtors 
to Pay and Honor Certain (A) Prepetition Wages, Benefits, and Other 
Compensation Obligations; (B) Prepetition Employee Business Expenses; 
(C) Bonus Program Obligations; and (D) Workers’ Compensation Obligations; 
(II) Authorizing Banks to Honor and Process Checks and Transfers Related to Such 
Obligations; and (III) Granting Related Relief (the “Wages Motion”)  
70. 
Pursuant to the Wages Motion, the Debtors request entry of interim and 
final orders (i) authorizing, but not directing, the Debtors, on the terms set forth in the proposed 
orders and in accordance with their stated policies and in their discretion, to, among other things 
and subject to the statutory cap on priority claims, (a) pay prepetition employee wages, salaries 
and other accrued compensation, (b) pay accrued prepetition obligations to independent 
contractors and supplemental workers employed by the Debtors, (c) honor any prepetition 
obligations in respect of, and continue in the ordinary course of business until further notice (but 
not assume), certain of the Debtors’ employee benefits programs, plans, and policies, 
(d)  reimburse employees for prepetition expenses that employees incurred on behalf of the 
Debtors in the ordinary course of business, (e)  pay all related prepetition payroll taxes and other 
deductions, (f) honor the Debtors’ workers’ compensation policies, (g) continue and 
fully-implement a store closing bonus program (the “Store Level Retention Program”) for 
non-insiders who remain with the Company through the Store Closing Sales, and (h) to the extent 
that any of the foregoing programs are administered, insured, or paid through a third-party 
administrator or provider, pay certain prepetition claims of such administrator and provider in the 
Case 25-10469-MFW    Doc 2    Filed 03/16/25    Page 28 of 51

=== page 29 ===
 
29 
32822667.17 
ordinary course of business to ensure the uninterrupted delivery of payments or other benefits to 
the Employees, and (ii) authorizing the Banks to honor and process check and electronic transfer 
requests related to the foregoing. 
71. 
As of the Petition Date, the Debtors employ approximately 1,750 full-time 
employees, 7,190 part-time employees, and approximately 320 seasonal employees (collectively, 
the “Employees”).  The Debtors also employ between five and ten independent contractors and/or 
supplemental workers (collectively, the “Supplemental Workforce”) whose services are often 
procured indirectly through certain staffing agencies.  Although the Debtors have paid their wage, 
salary, and other obligations in accordance with their ordinary compensation schedule prior to the 
Petition Date, as of the date hereof, certain prepetition obligations for Employees and the 
Supplemental Workforce may nevertheless be due and owing. 
72. 
With respect to the Store Level Retention Program, the Debtors offered 
retention bonuses, based on a range of considerations, to approximately 1,360 store-level 
employees prior to the Petition Date who serve in managerial roles at the Debtors’ stores.  This 
program was instituted to ensure that the Debtors have a sufficient manager and supervisor-level 
workforce at the Debtors’ retail locations to allow the Store Closing Sales to reach their optimal 
results.  Indeed, the participants in the Store Level Retention Program, each of whom serves as a 
store manager, store supervisor or assistant store manager, respectively, have the necessary skill 
and familiarity with the Debtors’ inventory and sale processes to support the Liquidator Joint 
Venture during the Store Closing Sales, and form a critical component of the Debtors’ wind down 
strategy.  I have reviewed the list of Store Level Retention Program participants and discussed the 
participants with the Debtors’ other senior management members.  Having reviewed the subject 
employees’ titles and gained a clear understanding of their respective responsibilities and roles 
Case 25-10469-MFW    Doc 2    Filed 03/16/25    Page 29 of 51

=== page 30 ===
 
30 
32822667.17 
within the Debtors’ operational framework, I believe that there are no “insiders”, as such term is 
defined in the Bankruptcy Code, participating in the Store Level Retention Program.  Moreover, 
based on my substantial experience with, among other things, liquidating retailers, I believe that 
the Store Level Retention Program will have material benefits for the Store Closing Sales and the 
costs associated with such program will be greatly outweighed by the benefits realized by the 
estates arising therefrom.  To date, the participants in the Store Level Retention Program have 
already helped drive revenue at applicable closing stores prior to the Petition Date, and their 
continued dedication and commitment will ensure that the Store Closing Sales are a success. 
73. 
With respect to the broader relief sought in the Wages Motion, many of the 
Debtors’ Employees rely on their compensation, benefits, and reimbursement of expenses to 
satisfy their daily living expenses.  Consequently, these Employees will be exposed to significant 
financial hardship if the Debtors are not permitted to honor obligations for unpaid compensation, 
benefits, and reimbursable expenses.  Moreover, if the Debtors are unable to satisfy such 
obligations, Employee morale and loyalty will be jeopardized at a time when Employee support is 
critical to the Debtors’ ability to maximize value through the Store Closing Sales and, indeed, 
preserve and maintain going concern value while the Going Concern Sale Process runs its course. 
74. 
I believe that the relief requested in the Wages Motion is in the best interests 
of the Debtors’ estates, their creditors, and all other parties in interest, and will enable the Debtors 
to continue to operate their business in chapter 11 without disruption to maximize the value of 
their assets.  Accordingly, the Debtors respectfully request that the relief set forth in the Wages 
Motion be approved. 
 
 
Case 25-10469-MFW    Doc 2    Filed 03/16/25    Page 30 of 51

=== page 31 ===
 
31 
32822667.17 
e. 
Debtors’ Motion for Entry of Interim and Final Orders (I)(A) Prohibiting Utility 
Companies from Discontinuing, Altering, or Refusing Service, (B) Deeming Utility 
Companies to Have Adequate Assurance of Future Payment, and (C) Establishing 
Procedures for Resolving Requests for Additional Assurance, and (II) Granting 
Related Relief (the “Utility Motion”) 
75. 
Pursuant to the Utility Motion, and to ensure continued provision of utility 
services (the “Utility Services”) to the Debtors’ corporate headquarters, distribution center and 
retail locations, the Debtors seek entry of interim and final orders (i) prohibiting the Debtors’ utility 
service providers (collectively, the “Utility Service Providers”) from altering, refusing, or 
discontinuing utility service on account of unpaid prepetition invoices, (ii) deeming the Utility 
Service Providers to be adequately assured of future payment, and (iii) establishing procedures for 
determining additional adequate assurance of future payment and authorizing the Debtors to 
provide adequate assurance of future payment to the Utility Service Providers.  The Debtors 
propose establishing a segregated account into which the Debtors will deposit a sum equal to 
approximately 50% of the Debtors’ estimated aggregate monthly utility expenses and, additionally, 
have proposed standard procedures to address any request made by the Utility Service Providers 
for additional adequate assurance. 
76. 
Any disruption of the Debtors’ Utility Services would cause irreparable 
harm to the Debtors’ business operations, their estates, and their ability to prosecute these Chapter 
11 Cases in a manner that will maximize value for all interested parties. 
77. 
For the foregoing reasons, the Debtors submit, and I believe, that the relief 
requested in the Utility Motion is in the best interest of the Debtors, their estates, and their 
creditors, and should therefore be approved. 
 
 
Case 25-10469-MFW    Doc 2    Filed 03/16/25    Page 31 of 51

=== page 32 ===
 
32 
32822667.17 
f. 
Debtors’ Motion for Entry of Interim and Final Orders (I)(A) Authorizing Payment 
of Certain Prepetition Taxes and Fees and (B) Authorizing Financial Institutions 
to Honor All Related Checks and Electronic Payment Requests and (II) Granting 
Related Relief (the “Taxes Motion”) 
78. 
By the Taxes Motion, the Debtors request entry of interim and final orders 
(i) authorizing, but not directing, the Debtors, in their discretion, to remit certain taxes including 
sales, use, franchise, commercial activity, business and occupation, and various other taxes, fees, 
charges, and assessments (collectively, the “Taxes and Fees”) that the Debtors incurred 
prepetition that are or will become due and payable to various federal, state, and local taxing 
authorities and other governmental authorities (each, an “Authority,” and collectively, 
the “Authorities”), including in connection with the sale of their merchandise at applicable store 
locations, or through shipments of apparel purchased through the Debtors’ website to customers, 
and (ii) authorizing the Banks to honor and process check and electronic transfer requests related 
to the foregoing. 
79. 
The Taxes and Fees are paid periodically to the respective Authorities, 
depending on the given Tax or Fee and the relevant Authority to which it is paid.   Additionally, 
due to the large number of stores that the Debtors operate, the Debtors employ Vertex, Inc (the 
“Tax Servicer”) to assist with remitting Taxes to the Authorities.  The Debtors pay the Tax 
Servicer monthly fees of approximately $56,000 for its services. 
80. 
As of the Petition Date, the Debtors estimate that they owe approximately 
$250,000 in unremitted Taxes and Fees, $50,000 of which will come due within 30 days of the 
Petition Date.12  Except with respect to certain potential trust fund tax liabilities that are subject to 
 
12  Prepetition, the Debtors issued funds to the Tax Servicer in the amount of approximately $6 million to cover 
prepetition estimated sale taxes that had accrued on account of actual and projected prepetition sales, plus 
additional funds to cover estimated postpetition sales tax for March 2025.  The Debtors have instructed the Tax 
Servicer to remit the funds to the applicable Authority when the sales taxes come due.  To the extent that the 
prepayment is insufficient to cover all sales taxes, the Taxes Motion contemplates a modest cushion to true up 
prepetition sales tax that comes due.  To the extent that the prepayment exceeds actual sale taxes owing, the Tax 
Case 25-10469-MFW    Doc 2    Filed 03/16/25    Page 32 of 51

=== page 33 ===
 
33 
32822667.17 
ongoing audit, as disclosed in the Taxes Motion, the unremitted Taxes are comprised entirely of 
current tax obligations, and are not in respect of “catch-up” payments. 
81. 
Any regulatory dispute or delinquency that impacts the Debtors’ ability to 
conduct business in a particular jurisdiction could have a wide-ranging and adverse effect on the 
Debtors’ ability to maximize value though these proceedings.  Moreover, some Authorities may 
initiate an audit of the Debtors if the Taxes and Fees are not paid on time.  Such audits will 
unnecessarily divert the Debtors’ attention away from these Chapter 11 Cases and result in 
unnecessary expenses.  Moreover, if the Debtors do not pay such amounts in a timely manner, the 
Authorities may attempt to suspend the Debtors’ operations, file liens, seek to lift the automatic 
stay, seek payment from the Debtors’ directors and officers, or pursue other remedies that will 
materially and immediately harm the estates. 
82. 
I believe that the Debtors’ failure to pay the Taxes and Fees could have a 
material adverse impact on the Debtors’ ability to maximize the value of their assets for the benefit 
of all stakeholders.  Additionally, any attempt to collect the Taxes and Fees from the Debtors’ 
directors and officers has the potential to divert the attention of those individuals away from the 
Debtors’ efforts to maximize the value through these proceedings. 
83. 
Accordingly, for the reasons set forth herein and in the Taxes Motion, the 
Debtors respectfully request that the Taxes Motion be approved. 
 
 
 
Servicer will hold the funds on account for the Debtors and will apply such exceeds funds to future sales tax 
payments. 
Case 25-10469-MFW    Doc 2    Filed 03/16/25    Page 33 of 51

=== page 34 ===
 
34 
32822667.17 
g. 
Debtors’ Motion for Entry of Interim and Final Orders (I) Authorizing 
Maintenance, Administration, and Continuation of Debtors’ Customer Programs 
and (II) Granting Related Relief (the “Customer Programs Motion”) 
84. 
In the ordinary course of business, the Debtors have historically provided 
customers with certain customer-related programs (the “Customer Programs”) that engender 
goodwill, maintain loyalty, and increase the Debtors’ sales opportunities.   
85. 
Given the current strategy, and as set forth in the Customer Programs 
Motion, the Debtors seek authority to honor their gift card obligations through and including April 
15, 2025 (the “Gift Card Termination Date”), which is thirty days after the Petition Date.  No 
later than March 3, 2025, the Debtors stopped selling gift cards at their store point-of-sales and on 
their ecommerce website.  No later than the Petition Date, the Debtors posted conspicuous signage 
at their stores advising customers that gift cards would be honored through the Gift Card 
Termination Date, and a banner was placed on the Debtors’ website advising online customers in 
the same manner.  
86. 
Beyond their gift card program, which is discussed in further detail in the 
Store Closing Motion (as defined below) and is subject to the relief sought therein, the Debtors 
seek limited relief with respect to their Customer Programs to (i) retain their reputation for 
reliability while the Store Closing Sales are implemented, (ii) meet competitive market pressures, 
(iii) maintain positive customer relationships, notwithstanding the ongoing liquidation, and 
(iv) ensure customer satisfaction, preserving brand value during the Chapter 11 Cases and thereby 
enhancing the Debtors ability to maximize value in the event the Going Concern Sale Process 
manifests a buyer for substantially all, or a subset, of the Debtors’ assets.   
87. 
Accordingly, for the reasons set forth herein and in the Customer Programs 
Motion, I believe that the narrow relief requested in the Customer Programs Motion is necessary 
Case 25-10469-MFW    Doc 2    Filed 03/16/25    Page 34 of 51

=== page 35 ===
 
35 
32822667.17 
to avoid immediate and irreparable harm to the Debtors, for the Debtors to operate their business 
without interruption, and to preserve value for the Debtors’ estates.   
h. 
Debtors’ Motion for Entry of Interim and Final Orders (I) Authorizing Payment of 
Claims for Goods Ordered Prepetition and Delivered Postpetition, (II) Authorizing 
Payment of Certain Prepetition Shipping, Warehouse, Delivery and Customs 
Charges, and (III) Granting Related Relief (the “Shippers Motion”) 
88. 
Pursuant to the Shippers Motion, the Debtors request entry of interim and 
final orders authorizing, but not directing, the Debtors to pay, in the ordinary course of business, 
claims held by certain of the debtors’ shippers, freight forwarders and warehousemen (collectively, 
the “Transporters”) in possession of the Debtors’ inventory as of the Petition Date.  To ensure 
the steady movement of merchandise, the Debtors rely on a network of shippers and freight 
forwarders that process, ship and replenish the Debtors’ inventory.  If the Debtors fail to pay any 
of the foregoing entities for charges incurred in connection with the transportation of the Debtors’ 
merchandise, various statutes, tariffs, and agreements permit the shipper, freight forwarders, and 
warehousemen to assert possessory liens against the merchandise in their possession.  
89. 
As of the Petition Date, the Debtors estimate that approximately $2,000,000 
is owed on account of claims, all of which will come due on or before 30 days from the date hereof 
for shipping, freight forwarding, and customs duties (the “Transporter Claims”).  Payment of the 
foregoing Transporter Claims will avoid disruption in the Debtors’ business, prevent the possibility 
of possessory liens being asserted against the Debtors’ merchandise, and enable the Debtors to 
realize maximum value for the benefit of their stakeholders.  I further believe that authority to 
satisfy the Transporter Claims will avoid the immediate and irreparable harm that would be thrust 
upon the estates if such claims were not paid because it will ensure that the Transporters will 
continue to provide vital services during this critical juncture of the Debtors’ chapter 11 efforts. 
Case 25-10469-MFW    Doc 2    Filed 03/16/25    Page 35 of 51

=== page 36 ===
 
36 
32822667.17 
90. 
Because payment of the prepetition Transporter Claims is imperative to the 
Debtors’ ability to maximize the value of their estates for the benefit of their creditors, the Debtors 
respectfully request that the relief requested in the Shippers Motion be approved. 
i. 
Debtors’ Motion for Entry of Interim and Final Orders (I) Authorizing the Debtors 
to Continue (A) to Maintain Prepetition Insurance Policies, (B) to Maintain 
Prepetition Surety Bonds, and (C) to Use the Services of the Broker; and 
(II) Granting Related Relief (the “Insurance Motion”) 
91. 
By the Insurance Motion, the Debtors request entry of interim and final 
orders (i) authorizing, but not directing, the Debtors, in the ordinary course of business, as needed, 
to (a) continue to maintain and administer their prepetition insurance policies and revise, extend, 
renew, supplement, or change such policies (including by obtaining “tail” coverage) (collectively, 
the “Insurance Program”) summarized in the Insurance Motion, (b) maintain, extend, renew, 
supplement, and/or modify their prepetition surety bonds, and (c) continue to use the services of 
the Broker (defined below); and (ii) granting related relief. 
92. 
In the ordinary course of business, the Debtors maintain a number of 
insurance policies for, among other things, (a) general liability, (b) umbrella, (c) automobile, 
(d) property/all risk, (e) directors & officers liability, employment practices liability, fiduciary 
liability, commercial crime, and kidnap and ransom, (f) excess liability, (g) adwrap, (h) cyber, and 
(i) international, travel, and ocean cargo, among others.  The Debtors employ Marsh USA LLC 
(the “Broker”) to assist them with the procurement and negotiation of their Insurance Program.  
In exchange for their services, the Debtors (through SPARC) pay the Broker certain fees (the 
“Broker Fees”) on a commission basis.    
93. 
I believe that maintaining the Debtors’ insurance coverage under the 
Insurance Program is a crucial ordinary-course-of-business transaction, and necessary to preserve 
value during these Chapter 11 Cases.  Furthermore, it is my understanding that, under the chapter 
Case 25-10469-MFW    Doc 2    Filed 03/16/25    Page 36 of 51

=== page 37 ===
 
37 
32822667.17 
11 operating guidelines issued by the United States Trustee for Region 3 pursuant to 28 U.S.C. 
§ 586, the Debtors are obligated to maintain certain insurance coverage during these Chapter 11 
Cases, and such coverage is provided by certain of the policies included in the Insurance Program. 
94. 
Accordingly, for the reasons set forth herein and in the Insurance Motion, 
the Debtors respectfully request that the relief requested in the Insurance Motion be approved. 
j. 
Debtors’ Motion for Entry of Interim and Final Orders (I) Authorizing Continued 
Use of Cash Management System; (II) Authorizing Use of Prepetition Bank 
Accounts and Certain Payment Methods; (III) Authorizing Continued Performance 
of Intercompany Transactions in the Ordinary Course of Business; and 
(IV) Granting Related Relief (the “Cash Management Motion”) 
95. 
In the ordinary course of their business, the Debtors maintain a complex 
cash management system (the “Cash Management System”) that includes all activities necessary 
and pertinent to collecting and disbursing the Debtors’ cash assets.  The Cash Management System 
allows the Debtors to efficiently identify the Debtors’ cash requirements and transfer cash as 
needed to respond to these requirements.  The Cash Management System is important to the 
Debtors’ business operations, and, ultimately, to maximizing the value of the Debtors’ estates.  
96. 
The Cash Management System currently consists of 103 bank accounts 
(collectively, the “Bank Accounts”). The Bank Accounts are maintained at PNC Bank, N.A. 
(“PNC”), Bank of America, N.A. (“BofA”), Banco Popular de Puerto Rico (“Banco Popular” or 
“BP”), and JPMorgan Chase Bank, N.A. (collectively with PNC, BofA, and Banco Popular, the 
“Banks”).  All Bank Accounts are owned by Debtor F21 OpCo, LLC, except with respect to the 
Bank Accounts at Banco Popular, which are owned by Debtor F21 Puerto Rico, LLC.  In the 
ordinary course of business, the Debtors use their Cash Management System to collect, transfer, 
and distribute funds and facilitate cash monitoring, forecasting, and reporting.  The Bank Accounts 
are described in greater detail in the Cash Management Motion.  
Case 25-10469-MFW    Doc 2    Filed 03/16/25    Page 37 of 51

=== page 38 ===
 
38 
32822667.17 
97. 
Additionally, in the ordinary course of business, the Debtors have, 
historically, engaged in routine business transactions with other Debtors and certain non-Debtor 
affiliates (the “Intercompany Transactions”). These Intercompany Transactions result in 
intercompany receivables and payables (the “Intercompany Claims”).  Accordingly, at any given 
time there may be Intercompany Claims owing by one Debtor to another Debtor or between a 
Debtor and one or more of its non-Debtor affiliates.  
98. 
As described in detail above, after the F21 Acquisition, the Debtors began 
participating in a cash pooling system that SPARC had developed for its collection of brands.  
Given this construct, the Debtors seek authority to continue engaging in Intercompany 
Transactions in the ordinary course of business during these Chapter 11 Cases, including with their 
non-Debtor affiliates on a limited basis.  The Debtors benefit from numerous services that they 
share with their non-Debtor affiliates under the SPARC umbrella (the “Shared Services”).  For 
example, the Debtors receive from their non-Debtor affiliates (i) funding for the Debtors’ payroll 
obligations; (ii) coverage through the non-Debtor affiliates’ insurance program; and (ii) various 
corporate personnel to support the Debtors’ operations.  The Debtors seek authority to pay their 
non-Debtor affiliates only for actual and necessary benefits that such non-Debtor affiliates provide 
to the Debtors during these Chapter 11 Cases (i.e. on an administrative claim basis).  Absent the 
ability to pay the non-Debtor affiliates for the Debtors’ share of the Shared Services, the non-
Debtor affiliates may discontinue providing Shared Services that benefit the Debtors and, as a 
result, the Debtors’ payroll and insurance obligations may not be met (among other things), and 
they would be left without significant personnel necessary to ease the Debtors’ transition into 
chapter 11. 
Case 25-10469-MFW    Doc 2    Filed 03/16/25    Page 38 of 51

=== page 39 ===
 
39 
32822667.17 
99. 
Accordingly, by the Cash Management Motion, the Debtors seek authority, 
but not direction, to continue the Intercompany Transactions, and request, pursuant to sections 
503(b)(1) and 364(b) of the Bankruptcy Code, that postpetition Intercompany Claims resulting 
from ordinary course Intercompany Transactions be accorded administrative priority.  However, 
for the avoidance of doubt, the Debtors do not seek authority to make payments on account any 
portion of the SPARC Payable that was incurred prepetition and will only make payments on 
Intercompany Claims that arise during these Chapter 11 Cases. 
k. 
Debtors’ Motion for Entry of Interim and Final Orders (I) Authorizing the Debtors 
to Use Cash Collateral; (II) Granting Adequate Protection; (III) Modifying the 
Automatic Stay; (IV) Scheduling a Final Hearing; and (V) Granting Related Relief 
(the “Cash Collateral Motion”) 
100. 
The Debtors require cash to fund their business throughout these Chapter 
11 Cases and to pursue the Store Closing Sales and the Going Concern Sale Process.  The Debtors 
have determined that access to Cash Collateral will be sufficient to continue operating their 
remaining business during these Chapter 11 Cases while pursuing a value-maximizing and orderly 
liquidation process for the benefit of all stakeholders.  Without prompt access to Cash Collateral, 
the Debtors would be unable to (a) pay employee wages, insurance, and other critical obligations 
or (b) fund the administration of these Chapter 11 Cases, which would cause immediate and 
irreparable harm to the value of the Debtors’ estates to the detriment of all stakeholders.   
101. 
At this time, the Debtors seek authority to use Cash Collateral on an interim 
basis pending entry of the Final Order (such interim period, the “Interim Period”).  Following 
extensive arm’s length and good faith negotiations between the Debtors and the Prepetition 
Secured Parties, the Prepetition Secured Parties have consented to the Debtors’ use of Cash 
Collateral to fund operations and the costs of administering their estates during the Interim Period 
in accordance with the Approved Budget (as defined herein), subject to the Permitted Variances 
Case 25-10469-MFW    Doc 2    Filed 03/16/25    Page 39 of 51

=== page 40 ===
 
40 
32822667.17 
(as defined in the Cash Collateral Motion), on the terms set forth in the Proposed Orders.  By the 
Cash Collateral Motion, the Debtors also seek authority to continue the consensual use of Cash 
Collateral on a final basis. 
102. 
The Debtors, in consultation with BRG, prepared a 13-week cash flow (as 
may be updated from time to time in accordance with the terms of the Interim Order, the 
“Approved Budget”) reflecting anticipated cash receipts, operating disbursements, and non-
operating expenditures, among other things.  The Debtors believe that the Approved Budget 
establishes that the Debtors should have adequate liquidity to prosecute these Chapter 11 Cases in 
the manner contemplated.  The Approved Budget contains line items for cash flows anticipated to 
be received and disbursed during the time-period for which the Approved Budget has been 
prepared.  The Debtors believe that the Approved Budget includes all reasonable, necessary, and 
foreseeable expenses to be incurred in the first thirteen weeks of these Chapter 11 Cases. 
103. 
The Debtors have an immediate postpetition need to use Cash Collateral. 
The Debtors cannot maintain the value of their estates during the pendency of these Chapter 11 
Cases or pursue the Store Closing Sales or the Going Concern Sale Process without access to Cash 
Collateral.  The Debtors believe that substantially all of their available cash constitutes the 
Prepetition Secured Parties’ Cash Collateral.  The Debtors will, therefore, be unable to proceed 
with the Store Closing Sales or the Going Concern Sale Process, or otherwise fund these Chapter 
11 Cases without immediate access to Cash Collateral, and will suffer immediate and irreparable 
harm to the detriment of all creditors and other parties in interest in the event that the relief 
requested in the Cash Collateral Motion is not granted.  Accordingly, for the reasons set forth 
herein and in the Cash Collateral Motion, the Debtors respectfully request that the Cash Collateral 
Motion be approved. 
Case 25-10469-MFW    Doc 2    Filed 03/16/25    Page 40 of 51

=== page 41 ===
 
41 
32822667.17 
l. 
Debtors’ Motion for Entry of Interim Order Authorizing the Conduct of the Store 
Closing Sales, with Such Sales to be Free and Clear of All Liens, Claims, and 
Encumbrances, and Final Order Authorizing (I) the Debtors to Assume the Agency 
Agreement, (II) The Conduct of the Store Closing Sales, with Such Sales to be Free 
and Clear of All Liens, Claims, and Encumbrances, and (III) Granting Related 
Relief (the “Store Closing Motion”)  
104. 
As of the Petition Date, the Debtors operated 354 stores across the United 
States and Puerto Rico.  As described herein, prior to the Petition Date, the Debtors solicited 
interest in their business on a going concern basis while, simultaneously and in furtherance thereof, 
completing a comprehensive review of their retail stores’ performance in an effort to analyze, 
among other things, the profitability and viability of each store location and to determine whether 
the Debtors’ leasehold interests hold any material value. 
105. 
As a culmination of these efforts, the Debtors, with the assistance of their 
advisors, developed a store closing strategy (the “Store Closing Process”) to be implemented 
during the pendency of these Chapter 11 Cases.  The Store Closing Process commenced prior to 
the Petition Date, on approximately February 14, 2025, when the Debtors initiated wave 1 
(the “Wave 1 Sales”) of the Store Closing Sales at approximately 236 retail locations.13  The 
Wave 1 Sales are occurring at the Debtors’ poorest performing stores and, I believe, upon 
discussions with the Debtors’ management team, SSG, and the Debtors’ legal advisors, that it is 
unlikely that any third party would be interested in acquiring these locations as part of a going 
concern transaction.  Consequently, I believe that it was prudent and appropriate to commence the 
Wave 1 Sales one month prior to the Petition Date.  It is currently contemplated that Wave 1 Sales 
will conclude on or about the week ending March 30, 2025, allowing the Debtors to vacate the 
majority of the subject properties prior to April 2025, thereby avoiding the incurrence of significant 
 
13  The Debtors concluded liquidations at approximately 35 locations prior to the Petition Date, separate and apart 
from the Store Closing Process described herein. 
Case 25-10469-MFW    Doc 2    Filed 03/16/25    Page 41 of 51

=== page 42 ===
 
42 
32822667.17 
rental obligations.  Wave 2 of the Store Closing Sales (the “Wave 2 Sales”) began at the Debtors’ 
remaining locations on or about February 27, 2025, and it is anticipated that the Wave 2 Sales will 
conclude prior to May 1, 2025.   
106. 
As briefly described above, the Debtors negotiated with, and entertained 
bids from, three reputable and experienced liquidators before engaging the Liquidator Joint 
Venture and commencing the Store Closing Sales in earnest.  The Debtors selected the Liquidator 
Joint Venture because of its collective expertise in conducting store closing sales, including the 
orderly liquidation of merchandise and inventory similar to that sold by the Debtors, as well as 
certain furniture, fixtures, equipment, and other assets that need to be monetized.  The Debtors 
negotiated the terms and conditions of the Agency Agreement and the Agency Agreement 
Amendment in good faith and at arms’ length. 
107. 
The Debtors devoted significant time and effort preparing for the Store 
Closing Sales.  These preparations included, among other things, the following: 
• Stopping the delivery of ordinary replenishments to the subject stores in 
February 2025, thereby limiting the Debtors’ exposure with respect to 
claims which could otherwise potentially qualify for administrative expense 
priority under section 503(b)(9) of the Bankruptcy Code; 
 
• Ordering customized specialty banners and signs announcing the Store 
Closing Sales at applicable locations;  
 
• Informing and engaging with their employees at the closing stores about the 
Store Closing Process and related timing;  
 
• Posting price markdowns throughout the closing stores and marking 
inventory therein to reflect the price markdowns consistent with applicable 
liquidation strategy; and 
 
• Designing and implementing the Store Level Retention Program, described 
above. 
 
Case 25-10469-MFW    Doc 2    Filed 03/16/25    Page 42 of 51

=== page 43 ===
 
43 
32822667.17 
108. 
Overall, I believe that the Debtors and their advisors invested a substantial 
amount of time and money in preparation for implementing the Store Closing Sales in an efficient, 
orderly, and value-maximizing manner. 
109. 
The Debtors, in conjunction with BRG, determined that entering into the 
Agency Agreement Amendment and conducting the Store Closing Sales through the Wave 1 Sales 
and Wave 2 Sales, respectively, would provide the greatest return to the Debtors’ estates for the 
subject assets.  I believe that the terms set forth in the Agency Agreement Amendment, and the 
Agency Agreement, are the best alternative for conducting the Store Closing Sales, and I believe 
that the Store Closing Sales, themselves, represent the best opportunity to maximize value through 
these Chapter 11 Cases.  The terms of the Agency Agreement Amendment are the result of arms’ 
length bargaining and subject to competitive bidding among interested parties, and I believe them 
to be the best terms available to the Debtors.  Moreover, I understand that the Liquidator Joint 
Venture is already familiar with the Debtors’ business, given that it began preparations for, and 
commenced, both the Wave 1 Sales and Wave 2 Sales prior to the Petition Date.  In this context, I 
believe that there would be significant harm to all stakeholders if the Agency Agreement 
Amendment is not assumed.  The costs that would arise from any delay of the ongoing closing 
sales, the time and effort required to conduct a further process to find a new agent, and the 
disruption of the to the Debtors’ store closing strategy would lead, in my view, to a material loss 
of value and increased administrative expense. 
110. 
The Debtors, in consultation with BRG, have determined that the Store 
Closing Process represents the best alternative to maximize recoveries to the Debtors’ estates.  I 
believe that interrupting and, by consequence delaying, the closing sales would diminish the 
recoveries on the Debtors’ remaining inventory for several important reasons.  First, I understand 
Case 25-10469-MFW    Doc 2    Filed 03/16/25    Page 43 of 51

=== page 44 ===
 
44 
32822667.17 
that many of Debtors’ retail locations fail to generate positive cash flow and therefore are a 
significant drain on liquidity.  As such, I believe that the Debtors will realize an immediate benefit 
in terms of financial liquidity by monetizing remaining merchandise and related assets and, shortly 
thereafter, terminating operations and surrendering possession of applicable premises to subject 
landlords.  Indeed, the approved Budget relies, in part, on cash proceeds to be generated by the 
Store Closing Sales.  Second, I understand that allowing the liquidations to continue on the timeline 
proposed will allow the Debtors to vacate applicable stores more quickly and, consequently, avoid 
the accrual of unnecessary administrative expenses. 
111. 
I believe that the decision to continue and, ultimately, conclude the Store 
Closing Process prior to May 1, 2025, was made on an informed basis, with input from the Board 
and the Debtors’ advisors.  I believe, in consultation with SSG, that the Store Closing Process will 
not materially harm the Going Concern Sale Process which, remains ongoing as of the date hereof.  
Indeed, I believe that by continuing the Store Closing Process, which was initiated prepetition, the 
Debtors are striking the appropriate balance with respect to efficiently liquidating their assets, 
while also continuing to solicit and field interest in any and all potential go-forward possibilities 
to maximize estate value.  As noted above, the Debtors do not own any valuable intellectual 
property, which has, in my view, inhibited interest in maintaining the Debtors as a going concern, 
thereby limiting the prospects for any sizable (and viable) transaction that would be more valuable 
to the Debtors’ estates than proceeds yielded from the Store Closing Process.  
m. 
Debtors’ First (1st) Omnibus Motion For Entry of an Order Authorizing 
(I) Rejection of (A) Certain Unexpired Leases of Nonresidential Real Property 
(B) Certain Executory Contracts, and (C) Abandonment of Any Remaining 
Personal Property Located at the Leased Premises, Effective as of the Petition 
Date, and (II) Granting Related Relief (the “Rejection Motion”) 
112. 
In connection with closing approximately seventeen (17) retail locations 
(such stores, the “Closed Stores”) prior to the Petition Date, each of which was liquidated separate 
Case 25-10469-MFW    Doc 2    Filed 03/16/25    Page 44 of 51

=== page 45 ===
 
45 
32822667.17 
and apart from the Store Closing Process described herein, the Debtors delivered surrender letters 
(collectively, the “Surrender Letters”), together with keys and other pertinent information, to 
each landlord counterparty to the subject premises (collectively, the “Landlords”).  The Surrender 
Letters notified the Landlords that the Debtors were unequivocally surrendering possession of the 
subject premises and abandoning any Debtor-owned personal property as of such time.  
Contemporaneously herewith, the Debtors will be filing the Rejection Motion to reject such leases 
(such leases, the “Rejected Leases”) to ensure that the relief requested therein will be effective as 
of the Petition Date but will schedule a hearing on such motion for a later date.  The Debtors 
believe that each Rejected Lease expired by its respective terms or has otherwise been properly 
terminated.  However, the Debtors determined to file the Rejection Motion, out of an abundance 
of caution, to ensure that impacted landlords and any other affected third party are on notice of the 
Debtors’ intent to unequivocally surrender any interest in the subject leasehold interests, to the 
extent any such interest has been arguably maintained.  
113. 
Given that the Debtors and their advisors determined that the Closed Stores 
hold no material value beyond the liquidation value of inventory already sold therein, and that 
surrendering the Closed Stores as of the Petition Date would eliminate any potential administrative 
claim exposure that would otherwise arise, I believe that it was a prudent exercise of the Debtors’ 
business judgement to issue the Surrender Letters and unequivocally surrender possession of the 
subject premises, including the Debtors’ leasehold interests associated therewith.   
114. 
Additionally, the Debtors have identified certain contracts (the “Rejected 
Contracts”) as contracts the Company no longer needs, as such contracts are no longer relevant 
to the Debtors’ operations and business affairs, will not been assumed and assigned as part of any 
sale process, and are not otherwise beneficial to their estates.  Accordingly, the Debtors have 
Case 25-10469-MFW    Doc 2    Filed 03/16/25    Page 45 of 51

=== page 46 ===
 
46 
32822667.17 
determined that rejecting the Rejected Contracts, effective as of the Petition Date, is an appropriate 
exercise of their business judgment and in the best interest of their estates to avoid potentially 
incurring further costs and expenses that would only undermine the Debtors’ efforts to minimize 
costs and maximize value of the estates for the benefit of all creditors. 
115. 
Accordingly, for the reasons set forth herein and in the Rejection Motion, 
the Debtors respectfully request that the relief requested in the Rejection Motion be approved. 
 
[Remainder of Page Intentionally Left Blank] 
 
 
Case 25-10469-MFW    Doc 2    Filed 03/16/25    Page 46 of 51

=== page 47 ===
 
47 
32822667.17 
CONCLUSION 
116. 
In sum, I am familiar with the substance contained in each First Day 
Pleading, and I believe that the relief sought in each First Day Pleading (a) is necessary to enable 
the Debtors to operate in chapter 11 with minimal disruption or loss of productivity or value, 
(b) constitutes a critical element in the Debtors achieving a successful and prompt resolution in 
these matters, and (c) best serves the Debtors’ estates and their stakeholders’ interests.  I have 
reviewed each First Day Pleading, and the facts and descriptions of the relief set forth therein are 
true and correct to the best of my information and belief and are incorporated herein in their 
entirety by reference.  If asked to testify as to the facts supporting each First Day Pleading, I would 
testify as to such facts.  In conclusion, for the reasons stated herein and in each First Day Pleading, 
I respectfully request that each First Day Pleading be granted in its entirety, together with such 
other and further relief as the Court deems just and proper. 
 
Executed: March 16, 2025 
/s/ Stephen Coulombe 
Stephen Coulombe 
Co-Chief Restructuring Officer 
 
 
Case 25-10469-MFW    Doc 2    Filed 03/16/25    Page 47 of 51

=== page 48 ===
 
 
32822667.17 
Exhibit A 
 
Case 25-10469-MFW    Doc 2    Filed 03/16/25    Page 48 of 51

=== page 49 ===
F21 Guam, LLC
(Delaware)
F21 Puerto 
Rico, LLC
(Delaware)
F21 GiftCo
Management, LLC
(Tennessee)
F21 Turkey
Holdings, LLC
(Delaware)
F21 China
Holdings, LLC
(Delaware)
F21 Korean
Holdings, LLC
(Delaware)
Forever 21 Trading
(Shanghai) 
Company, Ltd.
(China)
F21 Korea, LLC
(South Korea)
F21 OpCo, LLC
(Delaware)
Corporate Organization Chart
Catalyst / 
SPARC 
Entities
LEGEND
Debtor Entities
Case 25-10469-MFW    Doc 2    Filed 03/16/25    Page 49 of 51

=== page 50 ===
 
 
32822667.17 
Exhibit B 
Case 25-10469-MFW    Doc 2    Filed 03/16/25    Page 50 of 51

=== page 51 ===
Copper Retail
JV LLC
Copper 
Intermediate LLC
Copper Retail 
Holdings LLC
Penney 
Intermediate 
Holdings LLC
SPARC Group 
Holdings LLC
Penney Borrower 
LLC
Subsidiaries
SPARC Group BB 
Holdings LLC
(Brooks Brothers)
SPARC EB Holdings 
LLC
(Eddie Bauer)
SPARC Group LLC
(Aero)
F21 OpCo, 
LLC
F21 Guam, LLC
F21 Puerto Rico,
LLC
F21 GiftCo
Management, LLC
F21 Turkey
Holdings, LLC
F21 China
Holdings, LLC
F21 Korea
Holdings, LLC
Forever 21 Trading
(Shanghai) 
Company, Ltd.
F21 Korea,
LLC
Penney Holdings 
LLC
SPARC Organization Chart
LEGEND
Debtor Entities
Case 25-10469-MFW    Doc 2    Filed 03/16/25    Page 51 of 51

