=== page 1 ===
Case 25-11120-JKS    Doc 604    Filed 09/09/25    Page 1 of 19

IN THE UNITED STATES BANKRUPTCY COURT

FOR THE DISTRICT OF DELAWARE

) 
 
In re: 
) 
Chapter 11 
 
) 
 
AT HOME GROUP INC., et al.,1 
) 
Case No. 25-11120 (JKS) 
 
) 
 
 
 
 
Debtors. 
) 
(Jointly Administered) 
 
) 
Re:  Docket No. 348 
 
NOTICE OFADDITIONAL ENGAGEMENT  
LETTER RELATED TO THE RETENTION AND EMPLOYMENT 
OF ERNST & YOUNG LLP AS TAX ADVISORY SERVICES PROVIDER

PLEASE TAKE NOTICE that, on June 23, 2025, the Debtors filed the Application of the

Debtors for Entry of an Order (I) Authorizing the Retention and Employment of

Ernst & Young LLP as Tax Advisory Services Provider Effective as of the Petition Date and

(II) Granting Related Relief [Docket No. 169] (the “Application”).

PLEASE TAKE FURTHER NOTICE that, on July 18, 2025, the Court entered the

Order (I) Authorizing the Retention and Employment of Ernst & Young LLP as Tax Advisory

Services Provider Effective as of the Petition Date and (II) Granting Related Relief

1 
The Debtors in these chapter 11 cases, along with the last four digits of their federal tax identification numbers, 
to the extent applicable, are:  At Home Group Inc. (9563); Ambience Parent, Inc. (6231); Ambience Intermediate, 
Inc. (0692); At Home Holding II Inc. (9755); At Home Holding III Inc. (9930); At Home Companies LLC (6921); 
At Home Stores LLC (4961); At Home RMS Inc. (5235); At Home Gift Card LLC (0357); At Home Procurement 
Inc. (1777); At Home Properties LLC (2759); At Home Assembly Park Drive Condominium Association (N/A); 
1600 East Plano Parkway, LLC (4757); 1944 South Greenfield Road LLC (4377); 2301 Earl Rudder Frwy S LLC 
(N/A); 3551 S 27th Street LLC (9350); 300 Tanger Outlet Blvd LLC (N/A); 3002 Firewheel Parkway LLC 
(2759); 2016 Grand Cypress Dr LLC (N/A); 8651 Airport Freeway LLC (0523); Transverse II Development LLC 
(8595); Rhombus Dev, LLC (4783); 1000 Turtle Creek Drive LLC (9177); 19000 Limestone Commercial Dr, 
LLC (3711); 4801 183A Toll Road, LLC (3909); 7050 Watts Rd LLC (N/A); 4700 Green Road LLC (9049); 361 
Newnan Crossing Bypass LLC (N/A); 4304 West Loop 289 LLC (4302); 10460 SW Fellowship Way LLC (N/A); 
1720 N Hardin Blvd LLC (N/A); Compass Creek Parkway LLC (N/A); 10800 Assembly Park Dr LLC (6145); 
Nodal Acquisitions, LLC (N/A); 15255 N Northsight Blvd LLC (N/A); 3015 W 86th St LLC (N/A); 9570 Fields 
Ertel Road LLC (N/A); 1376 E. 70th Street LLC (9942); 11501 Bluegrass Parkway LLC (3626); 12990 West 
Center Road LLC (9396); 334 Chicago Drive, LLC (2864); and 4200 Ambassador Caffery Pkwy LLC (5119).  
The location of the Debtors’ service address for purposes of these chapter 11 cases is:  9000 Cypress Waters Blvd, 
Coppell, Texas 75019.

=== page 2 ===
Case 25-11120-JKS    Doc 604    Filed 09/09/25    Page 2 of 19

[Docket No. 348] (the “Order”), 2 pursuant to which the Court authorized the Debtors to retain and

employ Ernst & Young LLP (“EY LLP”) as the Debtors’ tax advisory services provider on the

terms set forth in the Application and the Order.

PLEASE TAKE FURTHER NOTICE that EY LLP and the Debtors desire to enter into

an additional engagement letter, dated as of September 8, 2025 (the “Additional Engagement

Letter”), attached hereto as Exhibit A, for the engagement of EY LLP to audit and report on the

consolidated financial statements of At Home Group Inc.

PLEASE TAKE FURTHER NOTICE that fees will be paid by the Debtors for the

services, as set forth in the Additional Engagement Letter and in accordance with the procedures

set forth in the Application and Order.

PLEASE TAKE FURTHER NOTICE that, pursuant to paragraph 9 of the Order, the

Debtors must file the Additional Engagement Letter with the Court, serve the Additional

Engagement Letter upon the U.S. Trustee and the Committee, and the U.S. Trustee and Committee

may object to the proposed Additional Engagement Letter and file an objection with the Court

within 14 days of service of this notice.  To the extent the U.S. Trustee or the Committee file an

objection, the Debtors will promptly request that the Court set a hearing on the matter.

PLEASE TAKE FURTHER NOTICE that, pursuant to paragraph 9 of the Order, absent

an objection within 14 days of the filing and service of the Additional Engagement Letter, such

Additional Engagement Letter and the expansion of EY LLP’s scope of services thereunder shall

be deemed approved pursuant to the Order (without any further order being required to be entered

by the Court).

2  
Capitalized terms used but not otherwise defined herein have the meanings ascribed to them in the Application 
or Order, as applicable.

2

=== page 3 ===
Case 25-11120-JKS    Doc 604    Filed 09/09/25    Page 3 of 19

Dated:  September 9, 2025 
Wilmington, Delaware

/s/ Timothy R. Powell
YOUNG CONAWAY STARGATT & TAYLOR, LLP 
KIRKLAND & ELLIS LLP 
Robert S. Brady (DE Bar No. 2847) 
KIRKLAND & ELLIS INTERNATIONAL LLP 
Joseph M. Mulvihill (DE Bar No. 6061) 
Nicole L. Greenblatt, P.C. (admitted pro hac vice) 
Timothy R. Powell (DE Bar No. 6894) 
Matthew C. Fagen, P.C. (admitted pro hac vice) 
Rodney Square 
Elizabeth H. Jones (admitted pro hac vice) 
1000 North King Street 
601 Lexington Avenue 
Wilmington, Delaware 19801 
New York, New York 10022 
Telephone:  
(302) 571-6600 
Telephone: 
(212) 446-4800 
Facsimile: 
(302) 571-1253
Facsimile: 
(212) 446-4900
Email: 
rbrady@ycst.com 
Email: 
nicole.greenblatt@kirkland.com 
jmulvihill@ycst.com 
matthew.fagen@kirkland.com 
tpowell@ycst.com  
elizabeth.jones@kirkland.com

Co-Counsel for the Debtors and Debtors in Possession 
Co-Counsel for the Debtors and Debtors in Possession

=== page 4 ===
Case 25-11120-JKS    Doc 604    Filed 09/09/25    Page 4 of 19

Exhibit A

Additional Engagement Letter

=== page 5 ===
Case 25-11120-JKS    Doc 604    Filed 09/09/25    Page 5 of 19

Tel: +1 214 969 8000 
Fax: +1 214 969 8587 
ey.com

Ernst & Young LLP 
One Victory Park 
Suite 2000 
2323 Victory Avenue 
Dallas, TX 75219

September 8, 2025

At Home Group Inc.  
 
Attn: Jeremy Aguilar 
9000 Cypress Waters Blvd. 
Coppell, TX 75019

Ladies and Gentlemen:

1. 
This agreement (together with all attachments hereto, the “Agreement”) confirms the 
engagement of Ernst & Young LLP (“we” or “EY”) to audit and report on the consolidated 
financial statements of At Home Group Inc. (the “Company”) for the year ended January 31, 
2026, and the related notes subsequent to Company filing a petition under Chapter 11 (“Chapter 
11”) of the United States Bankruptcy Code  (“Bankruptcy Code”) on or about June 16, 2025 with 
the United States Bankruptcy Court for the District of Delaware (“Bankruptcy Court”). All of the 
services described in this Agreement are referred to collectively as either the “Audit Services” or 
the “audit.” Our performance of Audit Services is contingent upon the Bankruptcy Court’s 
approval of our retention in accordance with the terms and conditions that are set forth in this 
Agreement.  This Agreement shall be effective as of June 16, 2025.

Audit responsibilities and limitations

2. 
We will conduct the audit in accordance with auditing standards generally accepted in the United 
States of America (“GAAS”), as established by the American Institute of Certified Public 
Accountants (“AICPA”). We are required to be independent of the Company and to meet our 
other ethical responsibilities in accordance with the relevant ethical requirements relating to our 
audit. Should conditions not now anticipated preclude us from completing the audit and issuing 
an auditor’s report, we will advise you, the Audit Committee, and Bankruptcy Court promptly 
and take such action as we deem appropriate.

3. 
The objective of the audit is to obtain reasonable assurance about whether the consolidated 
financial statements as a whole are free from material misstatement, whether due to fraud or 
error, and to issue an auditor’s report that includes our opinion on whether the consolidated 
financial statements are presented fairly, in all material respects, in accordance with accounting 
principles generally accepted in the United States of America. Reasonable assurance is a high 
level of assurance but is not absolute assurance and therefore is not a guarantee that an audit 
conducted in accordance with GAAS will always detect a material misstatement when it exists. 
The risk of not detecting a material misstatement resulting from fraud is higher than for one 
resulting from error, as fraud may involve collusion, forgery, intentional omissions, 
misrepresentations, or the override of internal control. Misstatements are considered material if 
there is a substantial likelihood that, individually or in the aggregate, they would influence the 
judgment made by a reasonable user based on the financial statements. As part of an audit in

At Home Group Inc. 
Page 1 of 15

=== page 6 ===
Case 25-11120-JKS    Doc 604    Filed 09/09/25    Page 6 of 19

accordance with GAAS, we exercise professional judgment and maintain professional skepticism 
throughout the audit. We also identify and assess the risks of material misstatement of the 
financial statements, whether due to fraud or error, design and perform audit procedures 
responsive to those risks, and obtain audit evidence that is sufficient and appropriate to provide a 
basis for our opinion. Such procedures include examining, on a test basis, evidence regarding the 
amounts and disclosures in the financial statements. There are inherent limitations in the audit 
process, including, for example, the use of judgment and selective testing of data and the 
possibility that collusion or forgery may preclude the detection of material error, fraud or non-
compliance with laws and regulations. Accordingly, because of the inherent limitations of an 
audit, together with the inherent limitations of internal control, an unavoidable risk exists that 
some material misstatements may not be detected, even though the audit is properly planned and 
performed in accordance with GAAS. Also, an audit is not designed to detect error or fraud that 
is immaterial to the consolidated financial statements.

4. 
As part of the audit, we will also:

• Obtain an understanding of internal control relevant to the audit in order to design audit 
procedures that are appropriate in the circumstances, but not for the purpose of expressing an 
opinion on the effectiveness of the Company’s internal control. Accordingly, no such opinion 
will be expressed. 
• Evaluate the appropriateness of accounting policies used and the reasonableness of significant 
accounting estimates made by management, as well as evaluate the overall presentation of the 
consolidated financial statements, including the related disclosures, and whether the 
consolidated financial statements represent the underlying transactions and events in a manner 
that achieves fair presentation. 
• Conclude, based on the audit evidence obtained, whether there are conditions or events, 
considered in the aggregate, that raise substantial doubt about the Company’s ability to 
continue as a going concern for a reasonable period of time. 
 
5. 
In accordance with GAAS, we will communicate certain matters related to the conduct and 
results of the audit to the Audit Committee. Such matters include:

• Our responsibility under GAAS for forming and expressing an opinion on the consolidated 
financial statements that have been prepared by management with the oversight by the Audit 
Committee and that such an audit does not relieve management and the Audit Committee of 
their responsibilities. 
• An overview of the planned scope and timing of the audit, including the significant risks that 
we have identified. 
• Significant findings from the audit, which include: (1) our views about the significant 
qualitative aspects of the Company’s accounting practices, including accounting policies, 
accounting estimates, and financial statement disclosures; (2) significant unusual transactions,

At Home Group Inc. 
Page 2 of 15

=== page 7 ===
Case 25-11120-JKS    Doc 604    Filed 09/09/25    Page 7 of 19

if any; (3) significant difficulties, if any, encountered during the audit; (4) significant 
corrected and uncorrected misstatements, other than those we believe are trivial; (5) 
disagreements with management, if any, whether or not satisfactorily resolved; (6) significant 
matters subject to management’s consultations with other accountants, if any, and (7) other 
matters, if any, arising during the audit that are, in our professional judgment, significant and 
relevant to the Audit Committee regarding the oversight of the financial reporting process, 
including significant matters in connection with the Company’s related parties. 
• Circumstances that affect the form and content of our auditor’s report.

Changes to the scope of the Audit Services may occur as a result of the issuance of new 
standards and interpretations or inspection findings. We will communicate any significant 
changes in the scope of the Audit Services and related procedures to management and the Audit 
Committee on a timely basis.

6. 
If we determine that there is evidence that fraud or possible non-compliance with laws and 
regulations may have occurred, we will bring such matters to the attention of the appropriate 
level of management. If we become aware of fraud involving senior management or fraud 
(whether committed by senior management or other employees) that causes a material 
misstatement of the consolidated financial statements, we will report this matter directly to the 
Audit Committee. We will determine that the Audit Committee and appropriate members of 
management are adequately informed of instances of non-compliance with laws and regulations 
that come to our attention unless they are clearly inconsequential.

7. 
We will communicate in writing to management and the Audit Committee all significant 
deficiencies and material weaknesses identified during the audit, including those that were 
remediated during the audit. We also will communicate any significant deficiencies and material 
weaknesses communicated to management and the Audit Committee in previous audits that have 
not yet been remediated.

8. 
We also may communicate other opportunities we observe for economies in or improved controls 
over the Company’s operations.

Circumstances that affect the form and content of our auditor’s report

9. 
The final form and content of our auditor’s report will reflect the results of our final audit 
findings and conclusions. We will communicate to management and the Audit Committee all 
circumstances affecting the final form and content of our auditor’s report.

Management’s responsibilities and representations

10. The consolidated financial statements (including related disclosures) are the responsibility of 
management. Management also is responsible for the design, implementation, and maintenance

At Home Group Inc. 
Page 3 of 15

=== page 8 ===
Case 25-11120-JKS    Doc 604    Filed 09/09/25    Page 8 of 19

of internal control relevant to the preparation and fair presentation of financial statements that are 
free of material misstatement, whether due to error or fraud, for properly recording transactions 
in the accounting records, for safeguarding assets, and for the preparation and fair presentation of 
the consolidated financial statements, in accordance with accounting principles generally 
accepted in the United States of America. In preparing the financial statements, management is 
required to evaluate whether there are conditions or events, considered in the aggregate, that raise 
substantial doubt about the Company’s ability to continue as a going concern for one year after 
the date that the financial statements are available to be issued, and to provide appropriate 
financial statement disclosure, when applicable, related to going concern and using the going 
concern basis of accounting unless management is required to prepare the financial statements in 
accordance with the liquidation basis of accounting. Management also is responsible for the 
identification of, and for the Company’s compliance with, laws and regulations applicable to its 
activities.

11. Management is responsible for adjusting the consolidated financial statements to correct material 
misstatements. Management also will affirm to us in its letter of representations certain 
representations made to us during the performance of the Audit Services, including that the 
effects of any uncorrected misstatements aggregated by us during the current audit and pertaining 
to the latest period presented are immaterial, both individually and in the aggregate, to the 
consolidated financial statements as a whole.

12. Management is responsible for communicating to us on a timely basis all instances of alleged, 
identified or suspected non-compliance with laws and regulations that could have an effect on the 
financial statements or the effects of which should be considered by management when preparing 
the financial statements, and all instances of alleged, identified or suspected financial 
improprieties, of which management or the Audit Committee is aware (regardless of the source 
or form in which they may have been discovered or communicated to them and including, 
without limitation, instances identified by “whistle-blowers”) and providing us full access to 
information, any internal investigations, and any intended public or regulatory communications 
related to them. Such instances include, without limitation, manipulation of financial results by 
management or employees, misappropriation of assets by management or employees, intentional 
circumvention of internal controls, inappropriate influence on related party transactions by 
related parties, intentionally misleading EY, or other alleged, identified or suspected illegal acts 
or fraud that could result in a misstatement of the financial statements or otherwise affect the 
financial reporting of the Company. If the Company limits the information otherwise available to 
us under this paragraph (based on the Company’s claims of attorney/client privilege, work 
product doctrine or otherwise), the Company will immediately inform us of the fact that certain 
information is being withheld from us. Any such withholding of information could be considered 
a restriction on the scope of the audit and may prevent us from opining on the Company’s 
financial statements; alter the form of report we may issue on such financial statements; or

At Home Group Inc. 
Page 4 of 15

=== page 9 ===
Case 25-11120-JKS    Doc 604    Filed 09/09/25    Page 9 of 19

otherwise affect our ability to continue as the Company’s independent auditors. We will disclose 
any such withholding of information to the Audit Committee.

13. Management is responsible for communicating to us on a timely basis, to the extent that 
management is aware, of (1) unauthorized access to information technology systems that either 
occurred or is reasonably likely to have occurred up to the date of our auditor’s report based on 
the Company’s investigation, including of reports submitted by third parties (including 
regulatory agencies, law enforcement agencies and security consultants), to the extent that such 
unauthorized access to information technology systems is reasonably likely to have a material 
effect on the financial statements, including related disclosures, in each case or in the aggregate, 
and (2) ransomware attacks when the Company paid or is contemplating paying the ransom, 
regardless of the amount of ransom.

14. Management is responsible for providing us access to: all information of which management is 
aware that is relevant to the Audit Services, (including information obtained from outside of the 
general and subsidiary ledgers) such as records, documentation and other matters to complete the 
Audit Services on a timely basis (it being understood that such access must be granted without 
the use of technological restrictions on access in order to enable us to comply with our 
professional obligations involving documentation of our procedures); additional information that 
we may request from management for purposes of the audit; and unrestricted access to persons 
within the Company from whom we determine it necessary to obtain audit evidence. This 
responsibility includes identifying the use of new technologies or techniques in preparing such 
information (e.g., the use of generative artificial intelligence), and additional details we may 
require regarding the use of any such technologies and techniques in order to perform our audit 
procedures. Management’s failure to comply with this paragraph may cause us to delay our 
report, modify our procedures, or even terminate the Audit Services.

15. As required by GAAS, we will make specific inquiries of management about the representations 
contained in the consolidated financial statements. GAAS also require that, at the conclusion of 
the applicable Audit Services, we obtain a letter of representations from certain members of 
management about these matters and to represent that management has fulfilled its 
responsibilities as set forth in this Agreement, including that all material transactions have been 
recorded in the accounting records and are reflected in the financial statements. The responses to 
those inquiries, the written representations, and the results of our procedures comprise evidence 
on which we will rely in completing the applicable Audit Services.

16.  Management shall promptly assist EY in identifying the Company’s affiliates, as defined in the 
AICPA Code of Professional Conduct, officers and directors.

17. Management shall make appropriate inquiries to determine whether the Company has a business 
relationship with EY or any other member firm of the global Ernst & Young organization (any of

At Home Group Inc. 
Page 5 of 15

=== page 10 ===
Case 25-11120-JKS    Doc 604    Filed 09/09/25    Page 10 of 19

which, an “EY Firm”) other than one pursuant to which an EY Firm performs professional 
services.

18. Management shall discuss any independence matters with EY that, in management’s judgment, 
could bear upon EY’s independence.

19. The Company shall be responsible for its personnel’s compliance with the Company’s 
obligations under this Agreement.

Fees and billings

20. We estimate that our fees for the Fiscal 2026 Audit Services will be $711,280 plus expenses. 
However, our actual fees may exceed this amount based on changes to the business (e.g., nature 
of the business or change in business entities) or additional unplanned effort. If we anticipate our 
actual fees exceeding this estimate, we will notify the Company for approval before proceeding 
forward with any additional audit work and related fees. Our fees are exclusive of taxes or 
similar charges, as well as customs, duties or tariffs imposed in respect of the Audit Services, all 
of which the Company shall pay (other than taxes imposed on our income generally). We may 
submit additional invoices resulting from changes in the business or additional unplanned effort 
as set forth in this paragraph in accordance with the following hourly rates, by level of 
professional.

Level 
Rate per hour

National Partner 
$1,500

Engagement Partner 
$1,110

Managing Director 
$930

Senior Manager 
$655

Manager 
$440

Senior 
$290

Staff 
$190

At Home Group Inc. 
Page 6 of 15

=== page 11 ===
Case 25-11120-JKS    Doc 604    Filed 09/09/25    Page 11 of 19

21. In addition, the Company shall reimburse us for direct expenses incurred in connection with the 
performance of the Audit Services. Direct expenses include reasonable and customary out-of-
pocket expenses such as travel, meals, accommodations and other expenses specifically related to 
this engagement. EY may receive rebates in connection with certain purchases, which are used to 
reduce charges that EY would otherwise pass on to its clients.

22.  We will submit an itemized and detailed billing statement, and we will request payment of our 
fees and expenses, in accordance with the Bankruptcy Code, the Federal Rules of Bankruptcy 
Procedure (the “Bankruptcy Rules”), the Local Rules for the United States Bankruptcy Court for 
the District of Delaware (“Local Rules”) and any relevant administrative orders.  We will submit 
our invoices as the work progresses and payment of them will be made upon receipt, or as 
quickly as the Bankruptcy Code, the Bankruptcy Rules, Local Rules and any relevant 
administrative orders allow. We acknowledge that payment of our fees and expenses hereunder is 
subject to (i) the jurisdiction and approval of the Bankruptcy Court under Sections 330 and 331 
of the Bankruptcy Code, any order of the Bankruptcy Court approving the retention of us and the 
U.S. Trustee Guidelines, (ii) any applicable fee and expense guidelines and/or orders and (iii) any 
requirements governing interim and final fee applications.

23. Our estimated pricing and schedule of performance are based upon, among other things, our 
preliminary review of the Company’s records and the representations Company personnel have 
made to us and are dependent upon the Company’s personnel providing a reasonable level of 
assistance. Should our assumptions with respect to these matters be incorrect or should the 
condition of records, degree of cooperation, or other matters beyond our reasonable control 
require additional commitments by us beyond those upon which our estimates are based, we may 
adjust our fees, subject to Bankruptcy Court approval, and planned completion dates. Fees for 
any special audit-related projects, such as fresh start accounting, proposed business combinations 
or research and/or consultation on special business or financial issues, will be billed separately 
from the fees referred to above and will be the subject of other written agreements which shall be 
subject to Bankruptcy Court approval.

Other matters

24. From time to time, and depending on the circumstances, subject to Bankruptcy Court approval, 
(1) we may subcontract portions of the Audit Services to other EY Firms (listed at www.ey.com), 
who may deal with the Company or its affiliates directly, although EY alone will remain 
responsible to you for the Audit Services, and (2) personnel (including non-certified public 
accountants) from an affiliate of EY or another EY Firm or any of their respective affiliates, or 
from independent third-party service providers (including independent contractors), may 
participate in providing the Audit Services. Unless prohibited by applicable law, we may provide 
Company information to other EY Firms and their personnel, as well as third-party service 
providers acting on our or their behalf, who may collect, use, transfer, store or otherwise process

At Home Group Inc. 
Page 7 of 15

=== page 12 ===
Case 25-11120-JKS    Doc 604    Filed 09/09/25    Page 12 of 19

(collectively, “Process”) it in various jurisdictions in which they operate to facilitate performance 
of the Audit Services, to comply with regulatory requirements, to check conflicts, to provide 
financial accounting and other administrative support services, or for quality and risk 
management purposes. We shall be responsible to you for maintaining the confidentiality of 
Company information, regardless of where or by whom such information is Processed on our 
behalf. Either EY or the Company may use electronic media to correspond or transmit 
information relating to the Audit Services, and such use will not, in itself, constitute a breach of 
any confidentiality obligations.

25. Our auditor independence and our ability to provide the Audit Services may be impaired if you 
solicit or hire certain EY personnel as described below. The Company shall not, during the term 
of this Agreement and for 12 months following its termination for any reason, without the prior 
written consent of EY, solicit for employment or a position on its Board of Directors, or hire or 
appoint to its Board of Directors, any current or former partner, principal, or professional 
employee of EY or its network firms if any such professional either: (i) performed any audit, 
review, attest, or related service for or relating to the Company at any time (a) during the then 
current fiscal year of the Company up to and including the date of the auditor’s report for that 
year, or (b) in the 12 months ended on the auditor’s report date for the immediately preceding 
fiscal year; or (ii) influences the operations or financial policies of EY or its network firms or has 
any capital balances or any other continuing financial arrangement with EY or its network firms.

26. EY shall remain fully responsible for the Audit Services and for all of its other responsibilities, 
covenants and obligations under this Agreement, notwithstanding that we may subcontract 
portions of the Audit Services to other EY Firms or that other EY Firms may participate in the 
provision of the Audit Services. The Company may not make a claim or bring proceedings 
relating to the Audit Services or otherwise under this Agreement against any other EY Firm and 
EY shall not contest its responsibility for the Audit Services on the basis that any of them were 
performed by another EY Firm. The Company shall make any claim or bring proceedings only 
against EY. This paragraph is intended to benefit the other EY Firms, which shall be entitled to 
enforce it. Each EY Firm is a separate legal entity.

27. If we Process Company information that can be linked to specific individuals (“Personal Data”), 
we will Process it in accordance with paragraph 24 of this Agreement, as well as law and 
professional regulations applicable to us. We will also require any service provider that Processes 
Personal Data on our behalf to provide at least the same level of protection for such data as is 
required by such legal and regulatory requirements. EY is required to exercise its own judgment 
in determining the purposes and means of processing any Personal Data when providing the 
Audit Services. Accordingly, EY acts as an independent controller (or equivalent legal status), 
and not as a processor (or equivalent) under the Company’s control or as a joint controller with 
the Company. If Personal Data relating to a data subject in the UK, European Union or 
Switzerland (collectively, “European Personal Data”) is required for EY to perform the Audit

At Home Group Inc. 
Page 8 of 15

=== page 13 ===
Case 25-11120-JKS    Doc 604    Filed 09/09/25    Page 13 of 19

Services, the parties agree to negotiate in good faith a data transfer addendum intended to 
validate the transfer of such European Personal Data by the Company to EY prior to such 
transfer. If any Company information is protected health information under the Health Insurance 
Portability and Accountability Act, as amended, this Agreement is deemed to incorporate all of 
the terms otherwise required to be included in a business associate contract relating to such 
information. The Company warrants that it has the authority to provide the Personal Data to EY 
in connection with the performance of the Audit Services and that the Personal Data provided to 
us has been Processed in accordance with applicable law.

28. In order to provide the Audit Services, we may need to access Personal Data consisting of 
protected health information, financial account numbers, Social Security or other government-
issued identification numbers, or other data that, if disclosed without authorization, would trigger 
notification requirements under applicable law (“Restricted Personal Data”). In the event that we 
need access to such information, you will consult with us on appropriate measures (consistent 
with professional standards applicable to us) to protect the Restricted Personal Data, such as 
deleting or masking unnecessary information before it is made available to us, encrypting any 
data transferred to us, or making the data available for on-site review at a Company site. You will 
provide us with copies of any Restricted Personal Data only in accordance with mutually agreed 
protective measures.

29. In order to facilitate performance of the Audit Services and for EY to more readily provide Audit 
Services, including audit services for subsequent audit periods and engagements, we may utilize 
certain internal tools, automated techniques, software solutions and other technologies (“EY 
Tools”) to extract, process, analyze and retain Company information, including data. EY owns all 
right, title, interest and all intellectual property rights in and to the EY Tools, including any 
enhancements, modifications, and derivative works thereof. You agree that we may, subject to 
applicable laws, regulations and professional standards, utilize such EY Tools and retain 
Company information within the EY Tools to facilitate performance of the Audit Services, 
including, without limitation, audit services for subsequent audit periods and engagements. In the 
event of any such retention, we will continue to extend the protections set forth in this Agreement 
to any such information retained.

30. You acknowledge that to the extent the Company is regulated by or under the supervision of a 
federal, state or other regulator (including, without limitation, the Board of Governors of the 
Federal Reserve, the Office of the Comptroller of the Currency and the New York State 
Department of Financial Services), you may be in possession of confidential supervisory 
information as defined in relevant law or regulations (“CSI”), including without limitation 
documents and information comprising CSI arising from, relating to, or concerning inspections 
and examinations by such regulator(s). As set forth in paragraph 14, we may require access to 
such CSI in order to perform the Audit Services. However, CSI may be subject to regulatory 
restrictions on disclosure to and/or use by third parties. Accordingly: (1) management will

At Home Group Inc. 
Page 9 of 15

=== page 14 ===
Case 25-11120-JKS    Doc 604    Filed 09/09/25    Page 14 of 19

identify to EY the regulators that regulate and/or exercise supervisory oversight over the 
Company and have specific requirements relating to CSI (each, a “Regulator”); (2) management 
will identify to EY all CSI in your possession; (3) to the extent management’s provision of CSI 
to EY is not authorized by applicable law or regulation absent Regulator approval, management 
will obtain authorization from the applicable Regulator to provide us access to any and all CSI 
for the purposes of performing the Audit Services with respect to CSI already in the Company’s 
possession immediately following execution of this Agreement (and with respect to any later-
identified CSI immediately upon learning of the examination, inspection or other activity that 
could result in such materials being deemed CSI); and (4) management will not provide any such 
access prior to having received such authorization and having identified to EY with specificity 
the information that constitutes CSI. You acknowledge that any failure to provide any such 
information could be considered a restriction on the scope of the audit, and the parties agree that 
they shall engage in good faith discussions regarding the effect of any withholding on the Audit 
Services.

31. The U.S. Department of Labor (DOL) regulations, at 20 CFR § 655.734(a)(1)(ii)(A), require the 
posting of notice of a Labor Condition Application (LCA) in instances where individuals holding 
certain visas will be working on the Company’s premises. Where applicable, EY and the 
Company will work together to develop an appropriate notice to enable compliance with this 
requirement.

32. In connection with their respective rights and obligations under this Agreement, EY and the 
Company each will comply with all laws, rules, and regulations of any jurisdiction applicable to 
it from time to time concerning or relating to: (i) bribery or corruption, including, without 
limitation, the U.S. Foreign Corrupt Practices Act (“FCPA”); (ii) anti-money laundering, 
including, without limitation the Bank Secrecy Act of 1970 and the USA PATRIOT Act of 2001, 
and (iii) economic or financial sanctions, export controls, trade embargoes or other similar 
prohibitions or restrictions on activity imposed by a government authority having jurisdiction 
over such party, including without limitation the U.S. Office of Foreign Assets Control 
(“OFAC”) sanctions and the U.S. Export Administration Regulations (“EAR”) (collectively, 
“Sanctions Laws”). The Company represents that it is not, nor is it 50% or more owned or 
otherwise controlled by a person or persons subject to Trade Restrictions. The term “subject to 
Trade Restrictions,” as applied to a person, means that person falls into one or more of the 
following categories: (i) an individual located or ordinarily resident in, or an entity legally 
organized in a country listed on, any embargoed country list maintained by an applicable 
jurisdiction; (ii) an individual or entity listed on or covered by, or an entity 50% or more owned 
or otherwise controlled by a person or persons listed on or covered by, any sanctions asset 
blocking list, export denial list or other prohibited transactions list, directive, rule or regulation 
maintained or issued by an applicable jurisdiction; or (iii) an individual or entity engaged in 
activities prohibited by the export controls or sanctions laws and regulations of an applicable 
jurisdiction. If the Company, or any agent, owner, investor, manager, partner, director, or officer

At Home Group Inc. 
Page 10 of 15

=== page 15 ===
Case 25-11120-JKS    Doc 604    Filed 09/09/25    Page 15 of 19

of the Company or any beneficiary of the Audit Services (including, without limitation, any 
affiliate of the Company) is or becomes subject to Trade Restrictions, or if any of the Company’s 
representations in this paragraph otherwise cease to be true at any time, the Company shall notify 
EY immediately in writing. If the Company is an investment fund or fund manager, it represents 
that no limited partner or other partner, manager or investor within the fund is subject to Trade 
Restrictions (unless disclosed to EY in writing) and that the Audit Services are not being used for 
the specific benefit of any party subject to Trade Restrictions. The Company further represents 
that the Company is not aware of any facts or circumstances that would cause EY, which is a 
U.S. person, to be in violation of any Sanctions Laws in its performance of the Audit Services. 
The Company shall not use the Audit Services to circumvent or facilitate any export control or 
Sanctions Law violations, or to facilitate any transaction with any person subject to Trade 
Restrictions. In the event that (1) any of the Company’s representations in this paragraph cease to 
be true at any time for any reason (including, without limitation, any change in applicable law), 
(2) the Company otherwise breaches any of the provisions of this paragraph, or (3) EY 
determines any Audit Services can no longer be performed as contemplated by this Agreement 
due to the effects of Sanctions Laws or other applicable legal or regulatory restrictions on trade, 
then in each such case EY may immediately terminate this Agreement, or any particular Audit 
Services, in whole or in part. EY shall use commercially reasonable efforts to notify the 
Company of any Audit Services that will no longer be provided as a result of any termination 
pursuant to this paragraph, provided that any failure to give any such notice shall not limit or 
otherwise affect the effectiveness of any such termination.

33. By your signature below, you confirm that the Company, through its Board of Directors, has 
expressly authorized you to enter into this Agreement on behalf of, and to bind, the Company. In 
addition, you confirm that management agrees to, acknowledges, and understands its 
responsibilities as outlined in Management’s responsibilities and representations. Either EY or 
the Company may execute this Agreement (and any supplements or modifications hereto) by 
electronic means, and each of EY and the Company may sign a different copy of the same 
document.

34. EY retains ownership in the workpapers compiled in connection with the performance of the 
Audit Services.

35. Marie Dhimmar will be the Audit Partner responsible for the provision of our audit services. 
Marie Dhimmar, Partner, Kathryn Beck, Senior Manager, and Chelsea Jackson, Manager, will 
work closely with management in performing all required Audit Services.  If one or more of 
these individuals ceases to provide audit services to the Company pursuant to this Agreement, 
EY will so advise the Company and, if that professional is replaced, provide the Company with 
the name of that professional’s replacement.  Other partners and staff, not identified herein, may 
be utilized as required to conduct our work in an efficient manner.

At Home Group Inc. 
Page 11 of 15

=== page 16 ===
Case 25-11120-JKS    Doc 604    Filed 09/09/25    Page 16 of 19

36.  If we are required by government regulation, subpoena or other legal process to produce EY 
workpapers or other information received from the Company, we will cooperate with such legal 
process.

37. Any controversy or claim with respect to, in connection with, arising out of, or in any way 
related to this Agreement or the services provided hereunder (including any such matter 
involving any parent, subsidiary, affiliate, successor in interest or agent of Company or its 
subsidiaries or of EY) shall be brought in the Bankruptcy Court or the applicable district court (if 
such district court withdraws the reference) and the parties to this Agreement, and any and all 
successors and assigns thereof, consent to the jurisdiction and venue of such court as the sole and 
exclusive forum (unless such court does not have jurisdiction and venue of such claims or 
controversies) for the resolution of such claims, causes of action or lawsuits. The parties to this 
Agreement, and any and all successors and assigns thereof, hereby waive trial by jury, such 
waiver being informed and freely made.  If the Bankruptcy Court, or the district court upon 
withdrawal of the reference, does not have or retain jurisdiction over the foregoing claims or 
controversies, the parties to this Agreement and any and all successors and assigns thereof, agree 
to submit first to nonbinding mediation; and, if mediation is not successful, then to binding 
arbitration, in accordance with the dispute resolution procedures as set forth in the attachment to 
this Agreement, which is incorporated herein by reference.  Judgment on any arbitration award 
may be entered in any court having proper jurisdiction.  The foregoing is binding upon Company, 
EY and any all successors and assigns thereof. This Agreement, and any non-contractual matters 
or obligations arising out of this Agreement or the Audit Services, including (without limitation) 
claims arising in tort, fraud, under statute or otherwise relating to the Audit Services, or questions 
relating to the scope or enforceability of this paragraph, shall be governed by, and construed in 
accordance with, the laws of New York applicable to agreements made, and fully to be 
performed, therein by residents thereof.

38.  By agreement to the provision of the Audit Services, we are not providing a guarantee to you that 
our performance of those services pursuant to the terms and conditions set forth in this 
Agreement will guarantee your successful reorganization under Chapter 11.

39. If any portion of this Agreement is held to be void, invalid, or otherwise unenforceable, in whole 
or part, the remaining portions of this Agreement shall remain in effect. This Agreement applies 
to all Audit Services (as defined in paragraph 1), including any such services performed or begun 
before the date of this Agreement.

To the extent that EY agrees to perform Audit Services for a subsequent fiscal year and subject to 
Bankruptcy Court approval, the terms and conditions set forth in this Agreement shall apply to the 
performance of such Audit Services, except as specifically modified, amended or supplemented in 
writing by the parties. Changes in the scope of the Audit Services and estimated fees for such services 
in subsequent fiscal years will be communicated in supplemental agreements. We may terminate

At Home Group Inc. 
Page 12 of 15

=== page 17 ===
Case 25-11120-JKS    Doc 604    Filed 09/09/25    Page 17 of 19

performance of the Audit Services and this Agreement upon written notice if we reasonably determine 
that we can no longer provide the Audit Services in accordance with applicable law or professional 
obligations, but in any event, this Agreement will expire upon the effective date of the Company’s 
confirmed plan of reorganization, or liquidation of the Company’s assets, under Chapter 11 or 7 of the 
Bankruptcy Code, or otherwise. Upon any termination of the Audit Services or this Agreement, the 
Company shall pay EY for all work-in-progress, Audit Services already performed and expenses 
incurred by us up to and including the effective date of such termination. The provisions of this 
Agreement that give either of us rights or obligations beyond its termination including, without 
limitation, paragraph 37, shall continue indefinitely following the termination of this Agreement and 
shall survive completion of the Company’s bankruptcy whether through a confirmed plan of 
reorganization under Chapter 11, liquidation of the Company’s assets under Chapter 7 of the 
Bankruptcy Code, or otherwise.

EY appreciates the opportunity to be of assistance to the Company. If this Agreement accurately 
reflects the terms on which the Company has agreed to engage EY, please sign below on behalf of the 
Company and return it to Ernst & Young LLP Attn: Marie Dhimmar, 2323 Victory Avenue, Suite 
2000, Dallas, TX, 75219.

Very truly yours,

Agreed and accepted by:

At Home Group Inc.

9/8/2025

By:   
 
 
Jeremy Aguilar 
Chief Financial Officer

At Home Group Inc. 
Page 13 of 15

=== page 18 ===
Case 25-11120-JKS    Doc 604    Filed 09/09/25    Page 18 of 19

Tel: +1 214 969 8000 
Fax: +1 214 969 8587 
ey.com

Ernst & Young LLP 
One Victory Park 
Suite 2000 
2323 Victory Avenue 
Dallas, TX 75219

Dispute resolution procedures

Mediation

A party shall submit a dispute to mediation by written notice to the other party or parties. The 
mediator shall be selected by the parties. If the parties cannot agree on a mediator, the International 
Institute for Conflict Prevention and Resolution (“CPR”) shall designate a mediator at the request of a 
party. Any mediator must be acceptable to all parties and must confirm in writing that he or she is not, 
and will not become during the term of the mediation, an employee, partner, executive officer, 
director of or beneficial owner with significant influence over any EY Firm audit client.

The mediator shall conduct the mediation as he/she determines, with the agreement of the parties. The 
parties shall discuss their differences in good faith and attempt, with the mediator’s assistance, to 
reach an amicable resolution of the dispute. The mediation shall be treated as a settlement discussion 
and shall therefore be confidential. The mediator may not testify for either party in any later 
proceeding relating to the dispute. The mediation proceedings shall not be recorded or transcribed.

Each party shall bear its own costs in the mediation. The parties shall share equally the fees and 
expenses of the mediator.

If the parties have not resolved a dispute within 90 days after written notice beginning mediation (or a 
longer period, if the parties agree to extend the mediation), the mediation shall terminate and the 
dispute shall be settled by arbitration. In addition, if a party initiates litigation, arbitration, or other 
binding dispute resolution process without initiating mediation, or before the mediation process has 
terminated, an opposing party may deem the mediation requirement to have been waived and may 
proceed with arbitration.

Arbitration

The arbitration will be conducted in accordance with the procedures in this document and the CPR 
Rules for Non-Administered Arbitration (“Rules”) as in effect on the date of the Agreement, or such 
other rules and procedures as the parties may agree. In the event of a conflict, the provisions of this 
document will control.

The arbitration will be conducted before a panel of three arbitrators, to be selected in accordance with 
the screened selection process provided in the Rules. Any issue concerning the extent to which any 
dispute is subject to arbitration, or concerning the applicability, interpretation, or enforceability of any 
of these procedures, shall be governed by the Federal Arbitration Act and resolved by the arbitrators. 
No potential arbitrator may be appointed unless he or she has agreed in writing to these procedures 
and has confirmed in writing that he or she is not, and will not become during the term of the 
arbitration, an employee, partner, executive officer, director of or beneficial owner with significant 
influence over any EY Firm audit client.

At Home Group Inc. 
Page 14 of 15

=== page 19 ===
Case 25-11120-JKS    Doc 604    Filed 09/09/25    Page 19 of 19

The arbitration panel shall have no power to award non-monetary or equitable relief of any sort or to 
make an award or impose a remedy that (i) is inconsistent with the agreement to which these 
procedures are attached or any other agreement relevant to the dispute, or (ii) could not be made or 
imposed by a court deciding the matter in the same jurisdiction. In deciding the dispute, the 
arbitration panel shall apply the limitations period that would be applied by a court deciding the 
matter in the same jurisdiction, and shall have no power to decide the dispute in any manner not 
consistent with such limitations period.

Discovery shall be permitted in connection with the arbitration only to the extent, if any, expressly 
authorized by the arbitration panel upon a showing of substantial need by the party seeking discovery.

All aspects of the arbitration shall be treated as confidential. The parties and the arbitration panel may 
disclose the existence, content or results of the arbitration only in accordance with the Rules or 
applicable professional standards. Before making any such disclosure, a party shall give written 
notice to all other parties and shall afford them a reasonable opportunity to protect their interests, 
except to the extent such disclosure is necessary to comply with applicable law, regulatory 
requirements or professional standards.

The result of the arbitration shall be binding on the parties, and judgment on the arbitration award 
may be entered in any court having jurisdiction.

At Home Group Inc. 
Page 15 of 15

