=== page 1 ===
Exhibit A 
Proposed Interim Order
Case 26-11216-MFW    Doc 7-1    Filed 08/02/26    Page 1 of 18

=== page 2 ===
IN THE UNITED STATES BANKRUPTCY COURT 
FOR THE DISTRICT OF DELAWARE 
In re: 
VI-JON, LLC,1
Debtor. 
Chapter 11 
Case No. 26-11216 (MFW) 
Ref: Docket No. 
INTERIM ORDER (I) AUTHORIZING THE  
DEBTOR TO (A) CONTINUE USE OF ITS EXISTING  
CASH MANAGEMENT SYSTEM, BANK ACCOUNTS, AND  
BUSINESS FORMS AND (B) PAY CERTAIN OBLIGATIONS  
RELATED THERETO, (II) AUTHORIZING POSTPETITION  
INTERCOMPANY TRANSACTIONS, (III) APPROVING THE AMENDED  
KEEPWELL AGREEMENT, (IV) EXTENDING THE TIME PERIOD  
TO COMPLY OR WAIVING CERTAIN REQUIREMENTS OF SECTION 345(b) 
OF THE BANKRUPTCY CODE, AND (V) GRANTING RELATED RELIEF 
Upon the motion (“Motion”)2 of Vi-Jon, LLC, as debtor and debtor in possession 
(the “Debtor”), for entry of an interim order (this “Interim Order”) (i) authorizing, but not 
directing, the Debtor to (a) continue use of its existing cash management system, bank accounts, 
and business forms and (b) pay certain obligations related thereto, (ii) authorizing, but not 
directing, the Debtor to continue postpetition Intercompany Transactions, (iii) approving the 
Amended Keepwell Agreement and authorizing, but not directing, the Debtor to perform 
thereunder, including by making capital calls and receiving funding and using proceeds in 
accordance with the Budget, (iv) extending the time period to comply or waiving certain 
requirements under section 345(b) of the Bankruptcy Code and the U.S. Trustee Guidelines, and 
1 The Debtor in this chapter 11 case is Vi-Jon, LLC.  The last four digits of the Debtor’s federal tax identification 
number are 8002.  The Debtor’s service address is 8800 Page Ave., St. Louis, MO 63114.  
2 Capitalized terms used but not otherwise defined herein shall have the respective meanings ascribed to them in the 
Motion. 
Case 26-11216-MFW    Doc 7-1    Filed 08/02/26    Page 2 of 18

=== page 3 ===
2 
(v) granting related relief, each as more fully set forth in the Motion; and upon consideration of 
the First Day Declaration; and this Court having jurisdiction over this matter pursuant to 
28 U.S.C. § 1334 and the Amended Standing Order of Reference from the United States District 
Court for the District of Delaware, dated February 29, 2012; and this matter being a core 
proceeding within the meaning of 28 U.S.C. § 157(b)(2); and this Court being able to issue a final 
order consistent with Article III of the United States Constitution; and venue of this proceeding 
and the Motion in this district being proper pursuant to 28 U.S.C. §§ 1408 and 1409; and 
appropriate notice of and opportunity for a hearing on the Motion having been given; and the relief 
requested in the Motion being in the best interests of the Debtor’s estate, its creditors, and other 
parties in interest; and this Court having determined that the legal and factual bases set forth in the 
Motion establish just cause for the relief granted herein; and after due deliberation and sufficient 
cause appearing therefor, it is HEREBY ORDERED THAT: 
1. 
The relief requested in the Motion is GRANTED on an interim basis as set forth 
herein. 
2. 
The final hearing on the Motion shall be held on __________, 2026 at __________ 
(prevailing Eastern Time) (the “Final Hearing”).  Any objections or responses to entry of the 
proposed final order shall be filed on or before 4:00 p.m. (prevailing Eastern Time) on 
________________, 2026 and shall be served on (a) the Debtor, c/o BRG, 225 Franklin Street, 
Suite 3100, Boston, Massachusetts 02110, Attn.: Mackenzie Shea, Chief Restructuring Officer 
(MShea@thinkbrg.com); (b) proposed counsel to the Debtor, (i) Sidley Austin LLP, 787 Seventh 
Avenue, New York, New York 10019 and 2323 Cedar Springs Road, Suite 2600, Dallas, Texas 
75201, 
Attn.: 
Chelsea 
McManus 
(cmcmanus@sidley.com) 
and 
Chang 
Liu 
(chang.liu@sidley.com), and (ii) Morris James LLP, 3205 Avenue North Boulevard, Suite 100, 
Case 26-11216-MFW    Doc 7-1    Filed 08/02/26    Page 3 of 18

=== page 4 ===
3 
Wilmington, 
Delaware 
19803, 
Attn.: 
Eric 
J. 
Monzo 
and 
Jason 
S. 
Levin 
(emonzo@morrisjames.com; jlevin@morrisjames.com); (c) counsel to the Non-Debtor Affiliates, 
Bryan Cave Leighton Paisner LLP, One Metropolitan Square, 211 North Broadway, Suite 3600, 
St. Louis, Missouri 63102 and 161 N. Clark Street, Suite 4300, Chicago, Illinois 60601, Attn.: 
Justin Winerman, Laurence Frazen, and Bart Wall (justin.winerman@bclplaw.com; 
larry.frazen@bclplaw.com; and bart.wall@bclplaw.com); (d) counsel to any statutory committee 
appointed in the chapter 11 case; and (e) the Office of the United States Trustee for the District of 
Delaware, 844 King Street, Suite 2207, Wilmington, Delaware 19801, Attn.: Jonathan W. Lipshie, 
Esq. (jon.lipshie@usdoj.gov).  In the event no objections to entry of a final order on the Motion 
are timely received, this Court may enter a final order without need for the Final Hearing. 
3. 
The Debtor is authorized, but not directed, to: (a) designate, maintain, and continue 
to use the Cash Management System as described in the Motion and honor any obligations related 
to the use thereof; (b) designate, maintain, close, and continue to use any or all of its existing Bank 
Accounts, including, but not limited to, the Bank Accounts identified in the Motion, in the names 
and with the account numbers existing immediately before the Petition Date; (c) deposit funds in 
and withdraw funds from the Bank Accounts by all the usual means, including checks, wire 
transfers, ACH transfers, electronic funds transfers, and other debits or electronic means; and (d) 
treat its prepetition Bank Accounts, for all purposes, as debtor-in-possession accounts; provided 
that in the case of each of (a) through (d), such action is taken in the ordinary course of business 
and consistent with past practice.   
4. 
The Debtor is authorized, but not directed, to enter into and engage in the 
Intercompany Transactions and to take any actions related thereto on the same terms as, and 
materially consistent with, the Debtor’s operation of the business in the ordinary course during the 
Case 26-11216-MFW    Doc 7-1    Filed 08/02/26    Page 4 of 18

=== page 5 ===
4 
prepetition period, and to reconcile amounts owed between the Debtor and the Non-Debtor 
Affiliates, including netting and setting off obligations arising from the Intercompany 
Transactions, whether arising prepetition or postpetition, in the ordinary course of business, as 
determined by the Debtor in its business judgment; provided that, postpetition Intercompany 
Transactions shall be reconciled and settled through weekly cash remittances and final monthly 
true-ups as set forth in the Motion; provided, further, that, to the extent any Intercompany 
Transaction constitutes performance under or payment on account of the Shared Services 
Agreements, such relief is subject to entry of an order approving the Debtor’s continued operation 
under the Shared Services Agreements.   
5. 
The Debtor shall continue to maintain current records with respect to all transfers 
of cash so that all transactions, including the Intercompany Transactions, may be readily 
ascertained, traced, and recorded properly on applicable intercompany accounts.  Following 
completion of the final monthly true-up for each applicable month, the Debtor shall provide any 
statutory committee appointed in this chapter 11 case and the U.S. Trustee with a summary of the 
final monthly true-up performed in connection with the applicable month-end close and the 
resulting intercompany balances.  Upon the reasonable request of any statutory committee 
appointed in this chapter 11 case or the U.S. Trustee, the Debtor shall provide additional detail 
regarding any Intercompany Transaction. 
6. 
The Debtor is authorized to accrue intercompany balances to the extent such 
balances have not yet been settled through the weekly cash-remittance process or final monthly 
true-up as set forth in the Motion during the pendency of this chapter 11 case.  Each payment (or 
other transfer of cash, whether to or from the Debtor) under any Intercompany Transaction is 
hereby accorded administrative expense status under section 503(b) of the Bankruptcy Code. 
Case 26-11216-MFW    Doc 7-1    Filed 08/02/26    Page 5 of 18

=== page 6 ===
5 
7. 
The Amended Keepwell Agreement, attached as Exhibit 1 to this Interim Order, 
and all terms, conditions, transactions, and agreements contemplated thereby or embodied therein, 
are hereby approved, on a final basis, in all respects pursuant to section 363(b) of the Bankruptcy 
Code and represent a valid exercise of the Debtor’s business judgment.  The Debtor is authorized, 
but not directed, to perform under the Amended Keepwell Agreement, including by making capital 
calls, receiving funding thereunder, and using funds subject to and in accordance with the Budget, 
and to take any additional actions reasonably necessary or appropriate to implement and effectuate 
the Amended Keepwell Agreement; provided that Emprise HPC shall not receive or be entitled to 
assert any administrative expense or other postpetition claim against the Debtor on account of 
amounts funded pursuant to any capital call under the Amended Keepwell Agreement.   
8. 
The Carve-Out Amounts shall be held and disbursed solely to Retained 
Professionals in accordance with the Interim Order, the Final Order, and any interim compensation 
order or fee order entered in the Chapter 11 Case, as well as on account of U.S. Trustee Statutory 
Fees.  The Carve-Out Amounts shall not be available for distribution on account of any other claim 
or equity interest (including administrative claims), and no liens, claims, encumbrances, or other 
interests shall attach to the Carve-Out Accounts or the Carve-Out Amounts.   
9. 
The Debtor shall calculate quarterly fees under 28 U.S.C. § 1930(a)(6) based on the 
disbursements of (or on behalf of) the Debtor. 
10. 
The Debtor is authorized, but not directed, to continue using, in their existing forms, 
the Business Forms, as well as checks and other documents relating to the Bank Accounts existing 
immediately before the Petition Date, and to maintain and continue using, in their existing forms, 
the Books & Records; provided that once the Debtor has exhausted its existing stock of Business 
Forms, the Debtor shall ensure that any new Business Forms are clearly labeled with the “Debtor 
Case 26-11216-MFW    Doc 7-1    Filed 08/02/26    Page 6 of 18

=== page 7 ===
6 
in Possession” designation and the chapter 11 case number as soon as reasonably practicable to do 
so.  To the extent the Debtor prints any new checks or uses any electronic Business Forms, it shall 
include the “Debtor in Possession” designation and the chapter 11 case number on all such checks 
as soon as reasonably practicable. 
11. 
Each Cash Management Bank is authorized to continue to maintain, service, and 
administer the Bank Accounts held at such bank as accounts of the Debtor as debtor in possession 
without interruption and in the ordinary course of business consistent with past practice, and to 
receive, process, honor, and pay, to the extent of available funds, any and all checks, drafts, wire 
transfer requests, ACH transfers, electronic funds transfers, and other payment requests issued, 
drawn on, or directed to the Bank Accounts held at such bank after the Petition Date by the holders 
or makers thereof, as the case may be, and all such banks and financial institutions are authorized 
to rely on the Debtor’s designation of any particular check or electronic payment request as 
approved by this Interim Order; provided that the Debtor shall only instruct or request any Cash 
Management Bank to pay or honor any check, draft, or other payment item issued on a Bank 
Account prior to the Petition Date but presented to such Cash Management Bank for payment after 
the Petition Date as authorized by an order of the Court. 
12. 
Each Cash Management Bank is authorized, without further order of this Court, to 
charge or deduct, and the Debtor is authorized, but not directed, to pay, honor, or satisfy any 
reasonable Bank Fees or charges associated with the Bank Accounts, including any prepetition 
amounts not to exceed $2,250, in the ordinary course and consistent with past practice. 
13. 
Each Cash Management Bank is authorized, without further order of this Court, to 
charge back to the appropriate Bank Accounts maintained at such bank any amounts resulting from 
returned checks or other returned items, including returned items that result from ACH 
Case 26-11216-MFW    Doc 7-1    Filed 08/02/26    Page 7 of 18

=== page 8 ===
7 
transactions, wire transfers, merchant services, or other electronic transfers of any kind, regardless 
of whether such returned items were deposited or transferred prepetition or postpetition and 
regardless of whether the returned items relate to prepetition or postpetition items or transfers. 
14. 
The Debtor is authorized, but not directed, to open new bank accounts, close any 
existing Bank Account, and enter into any ancillary agreements related to the foregoing, as the 
Debtor may deem necessary and appropriate, subject to the terms and provisions of the Debtor’s 
agreements with the Cash Management Banks, as applicable; provided that the Debtor gives notice 
within ten (10) days thereafter to the U.S. Trustee, counsel to the Non-Debtor Affiliates, and any 
statutory committee appointed in this chapter 11 case; provided, further, that the Debtor shall only 
open any such new bank accounts at banks that have executed a Uniform Depository Agreement 
with the U.S. Trustee or at banks that are willing to immediately execute such an agreement.  The 
relief granted in this Interim Order is extended to any new bank account opened by the Debtor in 
the ordinary course of business after the date hereof, which account shall be deemed a Bank 
Account, and to the bank at which such account is opened, which bank shall be deemed a Cash 
Management Bank, in each case, pursuant to this Interim Order.  
15. 
The Debtor shall serve a copy of this Interim Order on each Cash Management 
Bank as soon as practicable after entry of this Interim Order, and upon any bank at which the 
Debtor opens a new bank account as soon as practicable upon the opening of the new account. 
16. 
All banks maintaining any of the Bank Accounts that are provided with notice of 
this Interim Order shall not honor or pay any bank payments drawn on the listed Bank Accounts 
or otherwise issued before the Petition Date for which the Debtor specifically issues timely stop 
payment orders in accordance with the documents governing such Bank Accounts. 
17. 
Subject to the terms of this Interim Order, each Cash Management Bank may rely 
Case 26-11216-MFW    Doc 7-1    Filed 08/02/26    Page 8 of 18

=== page 9 ===
8 
upon the representations of the Debtor with respect to whether any check, draft, wire transfer 
request, ACH transfer, electronic funds transfer, or other payment request drawn or issued by the 
Debtor before the Petition Date should be honored pursuant to any order of this Court, and no Cash 
Management Bank that honors a prepetition check or other payment item drawn on any Bank 
Account (a) at the direction of the Debtor, (b) in a good-faith belief that this Court has authorized 
such prepetition check or payment item to be honored, or (c) as a result of a mistake made despite 
implementation of reasonable customary handling procedures, shall be deemed liable to the 
Debtor, its estate, or any other party on account of such prepetition check or other payment item 
being honored postpetition or otherwise deemed to be in violation of this Interim Order. 
18. 
Any banks, including the Cash Management Banks, are further authorized to honor 
the Debtor’s directions with respect to the opening and closing of any Bank Account and accept 
and hold, or invest, the Debtor’s funds in accordance with the Debtor’s instructions; provided that 
no Cash Management Bank shall have any liability to any party for relying on such representations 
to the extent such reliance otherwise complies with applicable law. 
19. 
As soon as practicable after entry of this Interim Order, the Debtor shall (a) contact 
each Cash Management Bank, (b) provide each Cash Management Bank with the Debtor’s 
employer identification numbers, and (c) identify each Bank Account held at such bank as being 
held by a debtor in possession in the Debtor’s chapter 11 case. 
20. 
To the extent that any of the Bank Accounts are not in compliance with 
section 345(b) of the Bankruptcy Code and any provisions of the U.S. Trustee Guidelines, the 
Debtor’s time to comply with section 345(b) of the Bankruptcy Code is hereby extended for a 
period of thirty (30) days from the date of this Interim Order (the “Extension Period”), provided, 
however, that such extension is without prejudice to the Debtor’s right to request a further 
Case 26-11216-MFW    Doc 7-1    Filed 08/02/26    Page 9 of 18

=== page 10 ===
9 
extension of the Extension Period or a final waiver of the requirements of section 345(b) in this 
chapter 11 case or the U.S. Trustee’s right to oppose such a request. 
21. 
Nothing contained herein shall permit any Cash Management Bank to terminate 
any cash management services without thirty (30) days’ prior written notice (or such other period 
as may be specified in any agreement between the Debtor and the applicable Cash Management 
Bank) to the Debtor, the U.S. Trustee, counsel to the Non-Debtor Affiliates, and any official 
committee appointed in this chapter 11 case. 
22. 
The Debtor is authorized to continue engaging in Intercompany Transactions in 
connection with the Cash Management System in the ordinary course of business; provided that 
there shall be no intercompany loans from the Debtor to any Non-Debtor Affiliates, absent further 
order of the Court; provided, further that prior to entry of the Final Order, aggregate cash 
disbursements from the Debtor to Non-Debtor Affiliates in connection with Intercompany 
Transactions shall not exceed $1,000,000. 
23. 
The banks and financial institutions on which checks were drawn or electronic 
payment requests made in payment of the prepetition obligations approved herein are authorized 
to receive, process, honor, and pay all such checks and electronic payment requests when presented 
for payment, and all such banks and financial institutions are authorized to rely on the Debtor’s 
designation of any particular check or electronic payment request as approved by this Interim 
Order. 
24. 
Nothing contained in the Motion or this Interim Order shall be construed to (a) 
create or perfect, in favor of any person or entity, any interest in cash of the Debtor that did not 
exist as of the Petition Date or (b) alter or impair the validity, priority, enforceability, or perfection 
of any security interest, lien, or setoff or recoupment right, in favor of any person or entity, that 
Case 26-11216-MFW    Doc 7-1    Filed 08/02/26    Page 10 of 18

=== page 11 ===
10 
existed as of the Petition Date. 
25. 
Notwithstanding anything to the contrary in this Interim Order, the authority of the 
Debtor to make any payments under this Interim Order is subject to the terms and conditions of 
the Amended Keepwell Agreement and the Budget (as defined thereunder). 
26. 
Nothing in this Interim Order constitutes (a) an implication or admission as to the 
validity of any claim against the Debtor; (b) a waiver of the Debtor or any party in interest’s rights 
to dispute the amount of, basis for, or validity of any claim or interest under applicable law or 
nonbankruptcy law; (c) a promise or requirement to pay any claim; (d) a waiver of the Debtor or 
any other party in interest’s rights under the Bankruptcy Code or any other applicable law; (e) a 
request for or granting of approval for assumption of any agreement, contract, program, policy, or 
lease under section 365 of the Bankruptcy Code; (f) an admission as to the validity, priority, 
enforceability, or perfection of any lien on, security interest in, or other encumbrance on property 
of the Debtor’s estate; or (g) a waiver or limitation of the Debtor’s or any other party in interest’s 
claims, causes of action, or other rights under the Bankruptcy Code, or any other applicable law.  
Any payment made pursuant to this Interim Order is not intended to be and should not be construed 
as an admission to the validity of any claim or a waiver of the Debtor or any party in interest’s 
rights to subsequently dispute such claim. 
27. 
The requirements set forth in Bankruptcy Rule 6003(b) are satisfied. 
28. 
Notice of the Motion as provided therein shall be deemed good and sufficient notice 
of such Motion and the requirements of Bankruptcy Rule 6004(a) and the Local Rules are satisfied 
by such notice. 
29. 
Notwithstanding Bankruptcy Rule 6004(h), the terms and conditions of this Interim 
Order are immediately effective and enforceable upon its entry. 
Case 26-11216-MFW    Doc 7-1    Filed 08/02/26    Page 11 of 18

=== page 12 ===
11 
30. 
The Debtor is authorized to take all actions necessary to effectuate the relief granted 
in this Interim Order in accordance with the Motion. 
31. 
This Court retains jurisdiction with respect to all matters arising from or related to 
the implementation, interpretation and enforcement of this Interim Order. 
Case 26-11216-MFW    Doc 7-1    Filed 08/02/26    Page 12 of 18

=== page 13 ===
 
 
Exhibit 1 
Amended Keepwell Agreement 
 
 
Case 26-11216-MFW    Doc 7-1    Filed 08/02/26    Page 13 of 18

=== page 14 ===
Execution Version 
619045716 
AMENDED AND RESTATED LIMITED CONTRIBUTION AGREEMENT 
AMENDED AND RESTATED LIMITED CONTRIBUTION AGREEMENT (this 
“Agreement”), dated July 30, 2026 (the “Agreement Date”), and effective as of June 1, 
2026 (the “Effective Date”), by EMPRISE HPC, LLC, a Delaware limited liability company 
(formerly known as Intermediary Holdco, LLC) (the “Parent”), and VI-JON, LLC, a 
Delaware limited liability company (the “Company”). 
RECITALS 
A. 
The Parent and the Company have previously entered into that certain 
Limited Contribution Agreement, dated as of December 27, 2023 (the “Existing 
Agreement”). 
B. 
The Parent and the Company desire to amend and restate the Existing 
Agreement in its entirety.  
AGREEMENT 
NOW, THEREFORE, in consideration of the recitals and other good and valuable 
consideration, the receipt and sufficiency of which are hereby acknowledged, the Parent 
and the Company hereby agree as follows: 
1. 
Defined Terms.  Capitalized terms used herein and not otherwise defined 
shall have the meanings set forth in this Section 1. 
“Bankruptcy Code” means Title 11 of the United States Code, 11 U.S.C. §§ 
101, et seq., as now and hereafter in effect, or any successor statute. 
“Bankruptcy Court” means the United States Bankruptcy Court for the 
District of Delaware or any other bankruptcy court of competent jurisdiction, with the 
consent of the Parent. 
“Budget” means the Company’s weekly cash flow budget showing projected 
cash receipts and cash disbursements on a weekly basis (with detail as to sources of 
cash receipts and identification of cash disbursements), in form and substance 
reasonably acceptable to the Parent. 
“Business Days” means days on which banks in New York City, Dallas, or 
St. Louis are not authorized or required by law to close. 
“Capital Call” means a written request signed by an authorized officer of the 
Company. 
“Cash Management Motion” means a motion of the Company for entry of 
an order (i) authorizing (a) the Company to maintain its existing cash management 
system, bank accounts, and business forms and (b) pay certain obligations related 
thereto, (ii) authorizing postpetition intercompany transactions, (iii) approving the 
Case 26-11216-MFW    Doc 7-1    Filed 08/02/26    Page 14 of 18

=== page 15 ===
2 
Amended Keepwell Agreement, (iv) waiving requirements of section 345(b) of the 
Bankruptcy Code, and (v) granting related relief. 
“Chapter 11 Case” means the voluntary Chapter 11 case under the 
Bankruptcy Code to be commenced by the Company in the Bankruptcy Court. 
“Final Cash Management Order” means an order entered by the Bankruptcy 
Court granting the Cash Management Motion on a final basis, including, if not granted by 
the Interim Cash Management Order, approval of this Agreement on a final basis, in form 
and substance acceptable to the Parent. 
“Interim Cash Management Order” means an order entered by the 
Bankruptcy Court granting the Cash Management Motion on an interim basis, including 
approval of this Agreement, in form and substance acceptable to the Parent. 
2. 
Keepwell Obligation. For a period ending on December 27, 2033, the Parent 
will, within six (6) Business Days of its receipt of a Capital Call from the Company, make 
an equity investment in the Company in an amount set forth in the Capital Call to the bank 
account designated by the Company, provided that (a) the Parent’s total investment 
(inclusive of $16,900,000 funded prior to the Agreement Date) will not exceed $25.0 
million, and (b) the Parent shall not be required to fund the remaining $8,100,000 at any 
time after the Agreement Date, unless and until the Interim Cash Management Order is 
entered or, if no Interim Cash Management Order is entered, unless and until the Final 
Cash Management Order is entered. 
3. 
Use of Proceeds. The Company shall use the proceeds of each Capital Call 
funded on and after the date hereof for anticipated or incurred expenses (including, 
without limitation, professional fees and other administrative expenses arising in the 
Chapter 11 Case) in accordance with the Budget. Notwithstanding the foregoing, the 
Company shall direct that $3,000,000 of Capital Call proceeds (the “Carve-Out Amount”) 
be funded directly to one or more segregated escrow accounts for the benefit of retained 
professionals (each, a “Carve-Out Account”). The Carve-Out Amount shall not be 
deposited into or commingled with any account of the Company and shall be held and 
disbursed solely to retained professionals in accordance with the interim cash 
management order, final cash management order, and any interim compensation order 
or fee order.  
4. 
No Waiver. No delay on the part of the Company in the exercise of any right 
or remedy may operate as a waiver or release or otherwise constitute a discharge of 
Parent’s obligations under this Agreement, and no single or partial exercise by the 
Company of any right or remedy will preclude the further exercise to any extent.  No 
modification or waiver of any provision of this Agreement will be binding upon the 
Company or Parent except as expressly set forth in a writing duly signed and delivered 
by the Company to Parent (in the case of waivers by the Company), Parent to the 
Company (in the case of waivers by Parent) or both parties (in the case of amendments).  
A party’s failure at any time to require strict performance by the other party will not 
discharge any party’s obligations under this Agreement, nor will it waive, affect or diminish 
Case 26-11216-MFW    Doc 7-1    Filed 08/02/26    Page 15 of 18

=== page 16 ===
3 
any right of a party at any time to demand strict performance and such right will not be 
deemed to have been waived by any act or knowledge of the Company.  No waiver by 
the other party of any default hereunder will operate as a waiver of either any other default 
or the same default on a future occasion, and no action or inaction by a party will in any 
way affect or impair the other party’s rights or the other party's obligations hereunder. 
5. 
Not a Guaranty.  The parties acknowledge that Parent’s obligations 
hereunder are not current liabilities of Parent and may mature into such a liability only on 
the terms and subject to the conditions hereof.  This Agreement is not, and nothing 
contained herein, and nothing done pursuant hereto by Parent will be deemed to 
constitute, a guaranty by Parent of the payment or collection of any obligation, 
indebtedness or liability of any kind or character whatsoever of the Company or any other 
person. 
6. 
Third-Party Beneficiaries.  Nothing in this Agreement, either express or 
implied, is intended to confer any rights, benefits or obligations hereunder upon any 
person or entity other than the parties hereto. 
7. 
Amendment. No provision of this Agreement may be amended, 
supplemented or modified, nor may any of the terms and conditions hereof be waived, 
except by a written instrument executed by the parties. 
8. 
Counterparts; Electronic Signatures.  This Agreement may be executed by 
the parties hereto in separate counterparts, each of which when so executed and 
delivered shall be deemed an original, but all such counterparts will together constitute 
one and the same agreement, and all signatures need not appear on any one counterpart. 
Copies of all such counterparts may be delivered by the parties by facsimile or other 
electronic transmission, which copies will be valid and binding for all purposes. A signed 
copy of this Agreement delivered by facsimile, e-mail, DocuSign or other means of 
electronic transmission will be deemed to have the same legal effect as delivery of an 
original signed copy of this Agreement. 
9. 
Notices.  All notices, consents and other communications given under this 
Agreement must be in writing and will be deemed to have been duly given upon receipt, 
when delivered by hand or a recognized overnight courier, or when successfully 
transmitted by email, to the party to which intended, at the address or facsimile number 
for such party set forth on the signature page of this Agreement, or to such other address 
or facsimile number as may be furnished by such party by notice in the manner provided 
herein. 
10. 
Governing Law; Choice of Forum.  This Agreement has been made under 
and any dispute will be governed by and construed in accordance with the laws of the 
State of Delaware applicable to contracts made and performed in such State without 
giving effect to any of the conflicts of law principles of such State that would require or 
permit the application of the laws of another jurisdiction.  Any action, suit or proceeding 
hereunder may be brought and maintained only in the Court of Chancery of the State of 
Case 26-11216-MFW    Doc 7-1    Filed 08/02/26    Page 16 of 18

=== page 17 ===
4 
Delaware in Wilmington, Delaware or, after commencement of the Chapter 11 Case, in 
the Bankruptcy Court. 
11. 
Effect of Amendment and Restatement.  The parties hereto agree that this 
Agreement amends, supersedes, renews, extends and restates the Existing Agreement 
in its entirety without substitution or novation.  Nothing herein contained shall be 
construed as a substitution or novation of the obligations outstanding under the Existing 
Agreement.  The parties hereto agree that all of the rights, duties, liabilities and obligations 
of each party under the Existing Agreement are hereby renewed, amended, modified and 
extended as provided herein, and shall not act as a novation thereof. 
12. 
Ratification of Prior Funding.  The parties hereby ratify and confirm all 
Capital Calls and other funding requests made, all amounts funded, and all uses thereof, 
in each case in connection with the Existing Agreement on or prior to the Agreement Date 
(collectively, the “Prior Funding”). The Prior Funding shall be deemed to comply with the 
Existing Agreement and shall not constitute or give rise to any breach, default or event of 
default thereunder or hereunder. The Parent waives any claim, defense or right to 
repayment arising from any alleged noncompliance with respect thereto, and all amounts 
so funded shall count toward the cap in Section 2.  
 
[Signatures follow on next page.] 
 
Case 26-11216-MFW    Doc 7-1    Filed 08/02/26    Page 17 of 18

=== page 18 ===
Docusign Envelope ID: E14F669C-E6A5-8178-80BA-B2CE4B37D979
Case 26-11216-MFW    Doc 7-1    Filed 08/02/26    Page 18 of 18

