=== page 1 ===
 
 
 
IN THE UNITED STATES BANKRUPTCY COURT 
FOR THE SOUTHERN DISTRICT OF TEXAS 
HOUSTON DIVISION 
 
 
In re: 
 
ALEA HOLDINGS US COMPANY, et al.,1 
 
                                    Debtors. 
 
 
 
Chapter 11 
 
Case No. 26-90714 (CML) 
 
(Joint Administration Requested) 
 
 
DECLARATION OF PETER KRAVITZ  
IN SUPPORT OF THE DEBTORS’ CHAPTER 11 PETITIONS  
AND FIRST DAY PLEADINGS 
I, Peter Kravitz, hereby declare under penalty of perjury as follows: 
1. 
I was engaged as Chief Restructuring Officer of each of the debtors in these chapter 
11 cases (“Debtors”) on January 23, 2025. Since first commencing work for the Debtors, I have 
acquired, both personally and in reliance on my team serving in a capacity as financial advisor to 
the Debtors, significant knowledge of the Debtors, their businesses, and the circumstances that led 
to the commencement of these chapter 11 cases, as well as the Debtors’ financial affairs, capital 
structure, operations, and related matters.   
2. 
I am currently a partner at Province, LLC (“Province”), an advisory firm I co-
founded that provides companies with growth opportunities, corporate restructurings, and 
fiduciary-related services. I have over thirty years of experience in professional services, with a 
specific focus in wind-down situations with a strong track record of maximizing recoveries. I have 
held a variety of roles in my career, including Chief Restructuring Officer, a member of bankruptcy 
 
1  
The Debtors in these chapter 11 cases, together with the last four digits of each Debtor’s federal tax identification 
numbers, are: Alea Holdings US Company (6256); Alea Group Holdings (Bermuda) Ltd. (N/A); and FIN Alea 
LLC (7772).  The Debtors’ service address is 211 E. 7th Street, Suite 620, Austin, TX 78701. 
Case 26-90714   Document 11   Filed in TXSB on 07/19/26   Page 1 of 37

=== page 2 ===
2 
 
oversight and creditor committees, the trustee for liquidating and litigation trusts, a plan 
administrator, a disbursing agent, and advisor to and member of various boards of directors. Prior 
to founding Province, I served as Executive Vice President of Business Affairs to the largest 
privately held RV dealership group, and was a practicing commercial litigator with a specific focus 
on bankruptcy, litigation, and trusts.   
3. 
On the date hereof (the “Petition Date”), the Debtors commenced in the United 
States Bankruptcy Court for the Southern District of Texas (the “Court”) voluntary cases under 
chapter 11 of title 11 of the United States Code (the “Bankruptcy Code”). I submit this declaration 
(this “Declaration”) in support of the Debtors’ voluntary petitions for relief and the motions, 
applications, and other pleadings that the Debtors filed with the Court described herein 
(collectively, the “First Day Pleadings”). I am authorized to submit this Declaration on behalf of 
the Debtors.  
4. 
Except as otherwise indicated, the facts set forth in this Declaration are based upon 
my personal knowledge, my review of relevant documents, information provided to me by the 
Debtors’ management team, my opinion based on experience, knowledge, and information 
concerning the Debtors’ operations and financial condition, and my discussions with professionals 
from the Debtors’ restructuring advisors, including Sidley Austin LLP (“Sidley”) as global counsel 
to the Debtors and my firm, Province LLC, as financial advisor, (collectively the “Advisors”).  If 
called upon to testify, I could and would testify to the facts set forth herein on that basis.    
5. 
This Declaration is organized into four sections.  Section I provides an overview of 
the Debtors and these chapter 11 cases. Section II provides background information on the 
Debtors’ business and capital structure. Section III describes the events leading to the 
commencement of the chapter 11 cases and the Debtors’ prepetition restructuring efforts. 
Case 26-90714   Document 11   Filed in TXSB on 07/19/26   Page 2 of 37

=== page 3 ===
3 
 
Section IV summarizes the relief requested in, and the legal and factual bases supporting, the First 
Day Pleadings. 
I. 
Overview  
6. 
The Debtors — Alea Holdings US Company (“AHUSCO”), FIN Alea LLC 
(“FIN”), and Alea Group Holdings (Bermuda) Ltd. (“AGHBL”) — are holding companies that are 
indirect subsidiaries of Catalina Holdings (Bermuda) Ltd. (“Catalina Holdings”) and part of the 
broader “Catalina Re” group. The Debtors’ primary function is to hold and oversee their non-
Debtor insurance subsidiaries (SPARTA Insurance Company (“SPARTA”), a Connecticut-
regulated entity, Alea North America Insurance Company (“ANAIC”), a New York-regulated 
entity, and National American Insurance Company of California (“NAICC”), a California-
regulated entity, and a dormant entity, QLT Buffalo LLC) in their performance of a wide variety 
of activities, including establishing reserves, negotiating settlements, paying outstanding insurance 
claims, and managing regulatory and capital requirements.  
7. 
The Debtors’ business operated on a largely stable and profitable basis following 
Catalina Holdings’ 2014 acquisition of the Alea group. Beginning in May 2020, however, the 
Debtors faced a significant unanticipated liability when SPARTA took on payment of certain 
insurance claims because another insurer defaulted on its obligations and was liquidated. Since 
late 2021, SPARTA has made over $100 million in claim and loss payments, while litigating 
against the entity that it asserted retained the obligation to pay the claims following the other 
insurer’s insolvency.  
8. 
To fund SPARTA’s litigation and claim payments as well as other general 
operating expenses, AHUSCO obtained a senior secured revolving credit facility provided by 
Catalina Finance LLP (“CatFin,” or the “Prepetition Facility Lender” and “Prepetition Facility 
Case 26-90714   Document 11   Filed in TXSB on 07/19/26   Page 3 of 37

=== page 4 ===
4 
 
Agent”), established in July 2023 with an initial $100 million commitment (later increased to 
$150 million and then to $160 million), and fully drawn as of the Petition Date. AHUSCO on-lent 
approximately $135 million to SPARTA in exchange for surplus notes, which are subordinated to 
all policyholder and creditor claims and require regulatory approval for repayment.  As further 
described below, SPARTA was ultimately successful in its litigation path, and reached a favorable 
settlement with the counterparty that will effectively relieve SPARTA from the need to fund future 
claims payments and provide for reimbursement, though partial, to SPARTA for claims paid to 
date.   
9. 
The Debtors also sought to manage through the business disruption by suspending 
interest payments on certain subordinated, unsecured notes claims (as further defined and 
described below, the “TruPS”), which had been issued in 2004 (when AHUSCO was under 
different ownership). AHUSCO also sought buyers for its two other operating subsidiaries, 
ANAIC and NAICC, ultimately culminating in successful sales that are substantially complete and 
expected to close in the third quarter of 2026, subject to Court approval, with sale proceeds serving 
as the primary source of recovery for impaired creditors.    
10. 
In light of the significant pressure on the Debtors’ business and the likelihood of a 
need to restructure their financial obligations, the Debtors began exploring strategic options. On 
July 24, 2025, each of the Debtors appointed Pamela Corrie as independent director and 
established a Special Committee comprised solely of the Independent Director to review strategic 
options and investigate, evaluate, and settle or prosecute any potential causes of action.  Ms. Corrie, 
with the assistance of separate outside counsel, conducted a robust investigation involving review 
of thousands of pages of documents and interviews with key parties. She also actively participated 
Case 26-90714   Document 11   Filed in TXSB on 07/19/26   Page 4 of 37

=== page 5 ===
5 
 
in Board meetings and provided an independent review and recommendation with respect to all 
decisions taken by the Board since her appointment.  
11. 
The Debtors, with the assistance of myself and my team at Province and the 
Debtors’ counsel at Sidley, also engaged in lengthy negotiations with the authorized agents for 
parties who hold or can control a majority of the TruPS (as further defined and described below, 
“Hildene”). Though Hildene’s initial position was adversarial, the Debtors’ management and 
advisor teams worked vigorously over the course of nearly 18 months to drive toward a consensual 
and value-maximizing solution, in light of the Debtors’ liabilities, the prospects of recovery from 
their insurance subsidiaries, and an overriding goal to protect policyholders.   
12. 
The result of those discussions is these chapter 11 cases, which are commenced 
pursuant to a Restructuring Support Agreement dated June 8, 2026 (the “RSA”), among the 
Debtors, Hildene, and the Prepetition Facility Lender. The RSA provides for a consensual pay-
back and discharge of the TruPS claims in exchange for either $25 million (if 100% of TruPS 
holders tendered into an out-of-court exchange) or a $20 million cash pool pursuant to a consensual 
chapter 11 plan.  The tender offer was launched June 11, 2026, with Hildene and the Prepetition 
Facility Lender tendering their TruPS (which together constitute approximately 60% of the 
TruPS).  Although no TruPS holders raised any opposition to the tender offer, the other holders 
did not respond and participation ultimately fell short of the 100% threshold.  
13. 
 The Debtors therefore filed these cases to implement the RSA’s consensual 
transactions, including (i) the distribution of the $20 million cash pool to the TruPS holders 
(exclusive of the TruPS claims held by the Prepetition Facility Lender and a reallocation of such 
distribution to other TruPS holders pro rata, (ii) the treatment of the Prepetition Facility Lender’s 
claims through a combination of cash repayment, replacement debt, reinstatement, and/or an equity 
Case 26-90714   Document 11   Filed in TXSB on 07/19/26   Page 5 of 37

=== page 6 ===
6 
 
conversion or capital contribution, and (iii) the continued operation and runoff of SPARTA and, 
if applicable, consummation of the ANAIC and NAICC sales on a free and clear basis.   
14. 
The Debtors intend to move swiftly through these cases to implement the negotiated 
resolution with respect to the TruPS and position the Debtors to continue the orderly run-off of 
their insurance businesses. The Debtors’ goal is to consummate the restructuring prior to the end 
of the third quarter, subject to Court approval of the proposed bankruptcy plan filed concurrently 
herewith (the “Plan”):  
 
Hearing / Deadline 
Date 
First Day Hearing 
    Entry of Interim Orders, Bar Date Order,      
    Conditional DS / Solicitation Procedures Order 
July 20, 2026 
Targeted Mailing of Bar Date Notice and 
Solicitation Commencement 
July 23, 2026 
Targeted Second Day Hearing  
    Entry of Final Financing Order 
    Hearing on Private Sale Motion 
August 13, 2026 
General Bar Date 
August 26, 2026 
Voting / Opt-Out Deadline  
Deadline to Object to Plan / Final DS Approval 
September 2, 2026 
Combined Hearing on Plan / Final DS Approval 
September 10, 2026  
Anticipated Effective Date  
By end of Q3, 2026 
 
 
II. 
The Debtors’ History, Corporate and Capital Structure 
A. 
The Debtors.  
15. 
The Debtors trace their roots back to KKR’s 1997 purchase of Swiss reinsurer 
Rhine Re, a deal that launched the global “Alea” franchise, as a multiline insurer‑reinsurer with 
alternative‑risk expertise. Catastrophic hurricane losses in 2004 to 2005, however, triggered rating 
downgrades that forced the entire Alea group into a solvent run‑off in late‑2005.  Fortress 
Case 26-90714   Document 11   Filed in TXSB on 07/19/26   Page 6 of 37

=== page 7 ===
7 
 
Investment Group (“Fortress”) stepped in during 2007, buying the distressed parent and 
maintaining AHUSCO primarily as a runoff vehicle. 
16. 
In 2014, non-Debtor Catalina Holdings completed the purchase of the entire Alea 
group from Fortress, turning AHUSCO into its intermediate U.S. holding platform.  AHUSCO 
then 
resumed 
deal‑making. 
 
Already 
holding 
ANAIC, 
AHUSCO 
acquired 
SPARTA Insurance Group (a Connecticut-licensed insurance entity, later renamed to SPARTA 
Insurance Company) and NAICC in 2014. In 2015, QLT Buffalo LLC became a wholly owned 
subsidiary of AHUSCO, through a merger between AHUSCO and Quanta U.S. Holdings Inc. In 
2025, AHUSCO and FIN redomiciled to Texas.   
17. 
Today, AHUSCO oversees its subsidiaries in running off claims including asbestos, 
hazardous waste, talc, PFAS, workers’ compensation claims, and sexual-abuse claims, as well as 
capital management and regulatory reporting for its subsidiaries.  
 
Case 26-90714   Document 11   Filed in TXSB on 07/19/26   Page 7 of 37

=== page 8 ===
8 
 
B. 
Debtors’ Prepetition Capital Structure  
18. 
The Debtors’ funded debt obligations consist of a $160 million secured revolving 
credit facility provided by the Prepetition Facility Lender, an indirect subsidiary of Catalina 
Holdings, and subordinated deferrable interest debentures issued to three Delaware statutory trusts 
which in turn issued junior subordinated capital securities.  
Funded Debt 
Maturity 
Outstanding Principal 
Amount as of the 
Petition Date 
Prepetition Facility 
 
 
• Revolving Credit Facility 
July 2027 
$159,850,000.00 
TruPS 
 
 
• AHUSCO Trust I 
December 15, 2034 
$50,000,000.00 
• AHUSCO Trust II 
March 15, 2035 
$50,000,000.00 
• AHUSCO Trust III 
March 15, 2035 
$20,000,000.00 
 
Total Funded Debt: 
Approximately 
$280,000,000.00 
 
19. 
TruPS.  In 2004, while still owned by Rhine Re, AHUSCO issued $120,000,000 
of New York-law-governed junior subordinated deferrable interest debentures due 2034 and 2035 
in a total of three (3) separate tranches (the “Debentures”) to three Delaware statutory trusts: 
AHUSCO Statutory Trust I, AHUSCO Statutory Trust II, and AHUSCO Statutory Trust III (the 
“AHUSCO Trusts”).2  The AHUSCO Trusts in turn issued trust preferred securities to third parties 
(such securities, the “Capital Securities”, and such holders, the “TruPS Holders”).3   
 
 
2  
Wilmington Trust Company serves as the trustee of the AHUSCO Trusts and the indenture trustee for the Capital 
Securities (in such capacity, the “Indenture Trustee”). 
3  
Any claim against the Debtors under the Debentures, the Capital Securities, or the related guarantee, indemnity, 
or other related arrangements are collectively referred to as the “TruPS Claims.” 
Case 26-90714   Document 11   Filed in TXSB on 07/19/26   Page 8 of 37

=== page 9 ===
9 
 
20. 
This structure permitted AHUSCO to raise capital while obtaining favorable tax 
treatment and other financing benefits available under the legal and regulatory framework then in 
effect. Both FIN and AHUSCO have issued subordinated unsecured guarantees on these 
Debentures, which provide for a direct right of payment to the holders of the Debentures upon 
certain specified trigger conditions. AGHBL has also issued a similar but separate “parent 
guarantee.”  
21. 
The Capital Securities entitle the TruPS Holders to periodic interest payments, but 
apart from that, carry few other rights or obligations. The Debentures carry no financial covenants 
or cross default covenants. Additionally, TruPS Holders may not call the securities prior to their 
maturity dates. Interest was paid on the Debentures from 2004 through 2023 in an approximate 
aggregate amount of $84 million. During 2023, AHUSCO elected, under the terms of the 
Debentures, to defer interest payments, and notified the trustees of the AHUSCO Trusts of its 
intention to defer interest payments for up to twenty consecutive quarters, i.e., through as late as 
May, 2028.  
22. 
In 2024, CatFin launched a tender offer for the TruPS at a price of $10 per $100 of 
principal.  $10 million of principal amount of Capital Securities were tendered in and acquired for 
$1 million, which are still held by CatFin.    
23. 
In February 2025, the Debtors received a letter from Hildene Capital Management, 
LLC and its affiliates (“Hildene”), represented by Quinn Emanuel Urquhart & Sullivan, LLP 
(“Quinn Emanuel”), purporting to speak on behalf of certain holders of outstanding Capital 
Securities. Hildene alleged various claims and threatened litigation against the Debtors, which the 
Debtors disputed. The Debtors and Hildene exchanged various letters throughout 2025. In 
December 2025, Mr. Hessler of Sidley and I met with Hildene’s counsel from Quinn Emanuel for 
Case 26-90714   Document 11   Filed in TXSB on 07/19/26   Page 9 of 37

=== page 10 ===
10 
 
the first of a series of education and negotiation sessions. Over the following months, negotiations 
continued, ultimately resulting in the RSA (more fully described below), which is supported by 
Hildene, in its capacity as the direct holder or manager of $60 million in TruPS Claims. Given the 
nature of the TruPS Claims, the Debtors do not know the identity of any other direct TruPS Holder, 
and all communication with TruPS Holders is managed through the AHUSCO Trusts’ Indenture 
Trustee as well as the Depository Trust Company through which the TruPS are held.   
24. 
Prepetition Facility.  On July 25, 2023, AHUSCO secured capital under an English 
law-governed 
secured 
revolving 
credit 
facility, 
in 
the 
amount 
of 
$100,000,000 
(the “Prepetition Facility”) pursuant to that certain Revolving Facility Agreement, dated as of July 
25, 2023 by and among AHUSCO, as borrower, FIN as guarantor, (together, the “Prepetition 
Obligors”) the lenders from time to time party thereto (which have been since the inception of the 
Prepetition Facility, CatFin), and the Prepetition Facility Agent, as administrative agent and 
security trustee (as amended, restated, amended and restated, supplemented, or otherwise modified 
from time to time prior to the Petition Date, the “Prepetition Facility Agreement”). The Prepetition 
Facility Agreement contains certain financial covenants and cross default covenants, and the 
Prepetition Facility is secured by a lien on all of the Prepetition Obligors’ assets, including the 
stock in AHUSCO’s subsidiaries, intercompany claims, and cash. The Prepetition Facility matures 
in July 2027. 
25. 
CatFin was represented in the negotiation of the Prepetition Facility Agreement, 
and continues to be represented, by White & Case LLP. Prior to entry into the Prepetition Facility, 
AHUSCO obtained a third-party fairness opinion, which concluded that the terms of the 
Prepetition Facility Agreement were consistent with an arm’s-length, commercial lending 
relationship. There is no overlap between the management of CatFin and that of the Debtors, and 
Case 26-90714   Document 11   Filed in TXSB on 07/19/26   Page 10 of 37

=== page 11 ===
11 
 
the Debtors and CatFin have negotiated, through their advisors, on an arm’s-length basis 
throughout. 
26. 
On July 25, 2023, AHUSCO drew $40.0 million in principal under the Prepetition 
Facility. On October 25, 2023, accrued interest and a commitment fee of $2.6 million were 
capitalized into additional principal. On December 27, 2023, AHUSCO drew an additional $30.0 
million in principal. Additionally, commitment fees and accrued interest under the Prepetition 
Facility were capitalized as notes payable (the “Prepetition Facility Notes”). The principal balance 
on the Prepetition Facility Notes was $15.2 million as of December 31, 2024. 
27. 
On June 20, 2024, the parties amended and restated the Prepetition Facility 
Agreement to increase the Prepetition Facility’s aggregate commitment to $150.0 million. In 2024, 
AHUSCO borrowed an additional $38.5 million in principal, bringing the principal balance of the 
Prepetition Facility to $108.5 million as of December 31, 2024. AHUSCO also incurred $19.3 
million in interest expense for the Prepetition Facility in 2024, which amount was also added to 
principal.  
28. 
On June 30, 2026, the parties amended the Prepetition Facility Agreement again to 
increase capacity to $160.0 million (essentially, a loan to bridge the Debtors from the expiration 
of the tender offer to these bankruptcy cases), which was nearly fully drawn as of the Petition Date.   
29. 
When including accrued and unpaid interest (including the Prepetition Facility 
Notes issued in satisfaction of accrued interest pursuant to the payment-in-kind mechanics of the 
Prepetition Facility Agreement), fees, and other amounts owing under the Prepetition Facility 
Documents, the aggregate amount outstanding under the Prepetition Facility as of the Petition Date 
is more than $230 million.  
Case 26-90714   Document 11   Filed in TXSB on 07/19/26   Page 11 of 37

=== page 12 ===
12 
 
Date 
Total RCF 
Commitment 
Draw 
Outstanding 
Balance 
Annual 
Commitment 
Fees and 
Accrued 
Interest 
Total 
Outstanding 
Balance 
July 25, 
2023 
$100,000,000 
$40,000,000 
$40,000,000 
$0 
$40,000,000 
December 
31, 2023 
$100,000,000 
$30,000,000 
$70,000,000 
$4,543,265 
$74,543,265 
December 
31, 2024 
$150,000,000 
$38,500,000 
 
$108,500,000 
$25,626,015 
$134,126,015 
December 
31, 2025 
$150,000,000 
$28,850,000 
$137,500,000 
$52,932,761 
$190,282,761 
May 31, 
2026 
$150,000,000 
$10,500,000 
$147,850,000 
$66,737,505 
$214,587,505 
Petition 
Date 
$160,000,000 
$12,000,000 
$159,850,000 
$71,185,190 
$231,035,190 
 
 
30. 
The Prepetition Facility Agreement was further amended prior to the Petition Date 
to allow access to an additional $35 million in postpetition financing (i.e., a debtor-in-possession 
financing facility).  Access to this additional financing will permit the Debtors to consummate the 
transactions contemplated by the Plan, as further described in Section IV.H herein.  
31. 
Intercompany Relationships.  The Debtors have no other third-party general 
unsecured claims against them, as all other services are provided either by advisors (e.g., specialty 
legal, tax, and audit), who have been paid in full, or by the Debtors’ affiliates pursuant to 
intercompany relationships. In the ordinary course of business, the Debtors routinely engage in 
Intercompany Transactions (as defined in Section IV.C) with one another and their non-Debtor 
affiliates that result in intercompany receivables and payables, which are generally settled 
annually. In particular, AHUSCO is party to an Administrative Service Agreement (as defined 
below in Section IV.C) pursuant to which it obtains services from certain of its non-Debtor 
affiliates. The primary non-Debtor entity providing services to AHUSCO is Catalina U.S. 
Case 26-90714   Document 11   Filed in TXSB on 07/19/26   Page 12 of 37

=== page 13 ===
13 
 
Insurance Services LLC (“CUSIS”), which provides personnel, tax, and audit services, among 
other services.4 All services are billed at-cost. 
III. 
Events Leading to Commencement of the Chapter 11 Cases and Chapter 11 Goals. 
A. 
SPARTA Liabilities 
32. 
As described above, the Debtors have operated for approximately a decade as 
intermediate holding companies for their subsidiaries’ run-off insurance businesses. This business 
had largely been stable and profitable. However, in May of 2020, the Debtors’ subsidiary, 
SPARTA, was faced with an existential liability. The history of the transactions leading to the 
event is convoluted and complicated, but a brief overview is necessary.   
33. 
Prior to AHUSCO’s acquisition of SPARTA, SPARTA was a subsidiary of 
SPARTA Insurance Holdings, Inc. (“SIH”). In 2007, SPARTA acquired American Employers 
Insurance Company (“AEIC”) through what is known in the insurance industry as a “clean shell” 
purchase – i.e., a purchase of an insurance company that is no longer writing insurance policies 
and has no remaining insurance liabilities, but which does have insurance licenses in multiple 
jurisdictions.  Before the purchase, AEIC itself had liabilities that were previously transferred to 
its direct parent company, Pennsylvania General Insurance Company, subsequently renamed 
Pennsylvania Insurance Company (“PIC”) which is now indirectly owned by Applied 
Underwriters, Inc. 
34. 
In 2014, AHUSCO acquired SIH and its wholly owned subsidiaries, including 
SPARTA. Effective October 9, 2015, SIH was merged into SPARTA after receiving approval from 
the Connecticut Insurance Department and the Secretary of the State of Connecticut. Following 
the acquisition, SPARTA resumed writing insurance policies. 
 
4  
During 2014, CUSIS was formed to provide claims handling services to affiliated insurance companies. CUSIS 
also became the employer for all of Catalina Re’s U.S. employees, effective January 1, 2015. 
Case 26-90714   Document 11   Filed in TXSB on 07/19/26   Page 13 of 37

=== page 14 ===
14 
 
35. 
 On May 1, 2020, SPARTA was notified that Bedivere Insurance Company 
(“Bedivere”), which had assumed the handling and paying of claims on the legacy AEIC policies 
from PIC, had been placed into liquidation in Pennsylvania. In connection with the liquidation, the 
Pennsylvania liquidator disclaimed Bedivere’s and its related subsidiaries’ continued 
responsibility for handling and paying claims on the legacy AEIC policies.  Since late 2021, 
SPARTA, under a full reservation of rights, has been paying (via a third-party administrator) 
claims tendered against pre-2007 AEIC policies pending the outcome of litigation against PIC  
(discussed further below).5 From inception to date, SPARTA has made approximately $114.3 
million in claim handling and loss payments.6  
36. 
On July 26, 2021, SPARTA filed a complaint against PIC to enforce PIC’s 
obligation to manage and pay the AEIC claims in accordance with PIC’s contractual obligations 
to SPARTA, and for indemnification, in the United States District Court for the District of 
Massachusetts.7 On September 30, 2025, on SPARTA’s motion for summary judgment, the Court 
entered judgment in favor of SPARTA on two of its four claims, concluding that PIC bore ultimate 
responsibility for payment of the AEIC claims, leaving for further determination only the 
calculation of damages. 
 
5  
The Bedivere liquidator reserved its rights against SPARTA to the extent Bedivere’s former subsidiary, PIC 
refused to accept responsibility for the claims and/or lacked sufficient funds to pay them. PIC has taken the 
position that it is not responsible for the claims.  
6  
One particular settlement is worth highlighting.   Following the financial and legal fallout from a large number of 
clergy sexual-abuse claims, on May 1, 2020, the Roman Catholic Church of the Archdiocese of New Orleans 
(”ADNO”) filed for Chapter 11 bankruptcy. In re The Roman Catholic Church of the Archdiocese of New Orleans, 
Case No. 20-10846 (Bankr. E.D. La. May 1, 2020). During the bankruptcy process, ADNO and its tort claimants’ 
committee asserted that SPARTA was obligated to satisfy claims arising under legacy AEIC insurance policies, 
with a liability demand at one point of over $360 million. Although SPARTA disputed any coverage obligation, 
it ultimately settled with ADNO for a total of $21 million, in exchange for a complete buy back and release of the 
policy. SPARTA served as the lead insurer driving the insurance settlements which were integral to ADNO’s 
successful exit from its bankruptcy. 
7  
Sparta Insurance Company v. Pennsylvania General Insurance Company, No. 21-11205 (D. Mass.).  
Case 26-90714   Document 11   Filed in TXSB on 07/19/26   Page 14 of 37

=== page 15 ===
15 
 
37. 
In April of 2026, SPARTA and PIC reached a confidential settlement in principle 
regarding these legacy liabilities, pursuant to which SPARTA retains certain ongoing obligations 
to pay claims.  Any amounts paid to SPARTA as part of the settlement are expected to remain 
available exclusively to SPARTA as part of the ongoing regulatory capital requirements of the 
Insurance Commissioner of the Connecticut Insurance Department, and are subject to specified 
release conditions.  
38. 
In order to support the continued litigation against PIC as well as to fund the general 
operating expenses and payment of claims of SPARTA, AHUSCO has had to make several draws 
on the Prepetition Facility, as detailed above. AHUSCO then on-lent to SPARTA $134.9 million. 
In exchange, SPARTA issued a series of surplus notes to AHUSCO totaling approximately $179.0 
million (including contractual interest thereon). The maturity dates of the surplus notes are varying 
dates in 2033 and 2034. The surplus notes are subordinated, including to claims by policyholders, 
claimants and beneficiaries. 
B. 
Ongoing Sales of Debtor AHUSCO’s Subsidiaries 
39. 
In the face of these challenges, the Debtors have remained vigilant in their efforts 
to effectuate value-maximizing transactions to stabilize their businesses and effectuate an orderly 
run-off of the AHUSCO group insurance liabilities. In furtherance of these efforts, prior to the 
Petition Date, the Debtors undertook processes to sell ANAIC and NAICC, their two other 
operating subsidiaries.8 
 
8  
Further information regarding the ANAIC and NAICC sales can be found in the Debtors’ Motion for Entry of an 
Order (I) Approving the Private Sale of the ANAIC and NAICC Equity Interests Free and Clear of Liens, Claims, 
Interests, and Encumbrances and (II) Granting Related Relief filed contemporaneously herewith, and my 
declaration in support of the same.  Given the nature of the pending sales, and the Debtors’ confidentiality 
obligations, the Private Sale Motion and related declaration are subject to a request to sealing and/or redaction.  
Case 26-90714   Document 11   Filed in TXSB on 07/19/26   Page 15 of 37

=== page 16 ===
16 
 
40. 
Beginning several years ago, AHUSCO began a marketing process in which it 
sought to identify a purchaser for ANAIC, against the backdrop of regulatory approval 
considerations that limited the range of viable transaction structures. AHUSCO engaged with 
multiple prospective purchasers over this several-year process. On June 6, 2025, AHUSCO agreed 
to a sale of the stock of ANAIC to a third-party U.S.-based specialty insurance and reinsurance 
company.  The transaction is subject to regulatory approval, following which it could be 
immediately consummated, subject to approval of the Court. 
41. 
Similarly, AHUSCO has also spent several years seeking a purchaser for NAICC, 
made more challenging by NAICC’s relatively small asset value and certain liabilities.  Ultimately, 
AHUSCO also was able to secure a purchaser for the stock of NAICC, which is also in a position 
to close following regulatory approval.  
42. 
The ANAIC and NAICC sales were determined by AHUSCO’s management and 
board to be the best achievable in light of the circumstances, and will, if consummated, provide 
value to the Debtors’ estates and provide funding for distributions under the Plan.   
C. 
Exploration of Strategic Options 
43. 
In addition to the sales of AHUSCO’s subsidiaries, the Debtors also instituted 
certain governance changes as part of their exploration of strategic options and proactively 
engaged in discussions with certain of their creditors, which resulted in the execution of the RSA 
and commencement of these chapter 11 cases.  In particular, although the Debtors are part of the 
broader Catalina Re group, the Debtors have acted through their own governing bodies, officers, 
and advisors in evaluating and pursuing the restructuring transactions described herein. The 
Debtors’ decisions to enter into the RSA, commence these cases, and pursue the Plan were made 
Case 26-90714   Document 11   Filed in TXSB on 07/19/26   Page 16 of 37

=== page 17 ===
17 
 
after consideration of available alternatives and with the benefit of advice from their restructuring 
and legal advisors, and independent director, Ms. Corrie, as described more fully below. 
44. 
Independent Director.  On July 24, 2025, each of the Debtors appointed Pamela 
Corrie (the “Independent Director”) as an independent director on its respective board of directors 
and established a special committee (the “Special Committee”) comprised solely of the 
Independent Director to review and recommend strategic options with respect to the Debtors and 
investigate, evaluate, and settle or prosecute any potential causes of action held by the Debtors. 
With the assistance of separate outside counsel from the firm of Greenberg Traurig, LLP, 
Ms. Corrie conducted a thorough and independent investigation, which included the review of 
thousands of pages of documents and other relevant materials, as well as interviews of key 
individuals with knowledge of the matters under review. Since her appointment, Ms. Corrie has 
also actively participated in meetings of the Board, independently evaluated the matters presented 
for the Board's consideration, and provided her own analysis and recommendations with respect 
to each material action and decision considered and taken by the Board. In particular, Ms. Corrie 
recommended and approved the Debtors’ entry into the RSA, the launch of the tender offer 
(described below), and the commencement of these chapter 11 cases and pursuit of the Plan.   
45. 
Restructuring Support Agreement.  With the assistance of their advisors, including 
me as Chief Restructuring Officer and Sidley as legal counsel, and under the oversight of the 
Special Committee and the Debtors’ boards of directors, the Debtors engaged in discussions with 
Hildene regarding a consensual deal with respect to the TruPS, given the Debtors’ financial 
distress. The Debtors also negotiated with the Prepetition Facility Lender to secure additional 
liquidity to facilitate any transaction with respect to the TruPS and provide the Debtors with a 
liquidity bridge through the ANAIC and NAICC sale closings. 
Case 26-90714   Document 11   Filed in TXSB on 07/19/26   Page 17 of 37

=== page 18 ===
18 
 
46. 
These multi-party negotiations continued for several months, and culminated in an 
agreement memorialized in the RSA between the Debtors, the Prepetition Facility Lender, and 
Hildene. The RSA encapsulates a very simple deal construct:  
a. TruPS Holders would receive $25 million if 100% of the TruPS were tendered 
in an out-of-court Tender Offer;  
b. If 100% consent was not achieved out of court, Hildene would vote in favor of 
a chapter 11 plan which provides for a $20 million cash pool for TruPS Holders, 
waiver of any right to a distribution from the cash pool by the Prepetition 
Facility Lender as a holder of TruPS, and is otherwise consistent with the RSA; 
and  
c. In both scenarios, TruPS Holders would provide (whether by tendering in or 
through an opt-out mechanism under a chapter 11 plan) full and complete 
releases to the Debtors and CatFin and their respective related parties.  
47. 
In accordance with the RSA, AHUSCO launched the tender offer on June 11, 2026. 
Despite the Debtors’ coordinated efforts with Hildene to encourage all other TruPS Holders to 
tender their Capital Securities, the tender offer fell short of its 100% participation threshold. 
Pursuant to the RSA, the Debtors are now filing these chapter 11 cases to consummate the 
consensual, value-maximizing transactions set forth therein and seek swift confirmation of the 
Plan.  
*** 
48. 
Accordingly, following years of concerted effort and many twists and turns, and 
with the support of all of their known financial stakeholders, the Debtors seek the Court’s 
assistance to guide a process by which the Debtors can address their liabilities, maximize the value 
Case 26-90714   Document 11   Filed in TXSB on 07/19/26   Page 18 of 37

=== page 19 ===
19 
 
of their assets, and pursue the orderly runoff of their insurance portfolio. The Debtors hope and 
anticipate that these cases will proceed smoothly and efficiently, and that they will emerge during 
the third quarter of 2026 with the certainty and clarity that only chapter 11 can provide. 
IV. 
Requested Relief  
49. 
Contemporaneously herewith, the Debtors have filed several “first day” pleadings.  
Due to the Debtors’ limited operations, these pleadings are comprised of one operational motion 
alongside several standard procedural motions. Additionally, the Debtors seek authority to use 
existing cash on hand, pursuant to an agreed cash collateral order with the Prepetition Facility 
Agent, subject to the ability to make additional draws if and as needed on a final basis. The Debtors 
also seek conditional approval of the disclosure statement accompanying their proposed Plan, to 
allow swift solicitation of votes thereon.   
50. 
The Debtors anticipate seeking relief on the following on an emergency basis:  
a. 
“Joint Administration Motion”:  Debtors’ Emergency Motion for Entry of 
an Order (I) Directing Joint Administration of Chapter 11 Cases and (II) Granting 
Related Relief. 
b. 
“Claims Agent Retention Application”: Debtors’ Emergency Ex Parte 
Application for Entry of an Order Authorizing the Employment and Retention of 
Omni Agent Solutions as Claims, Noticing, and Solicitation Agent.   
c. 
“Creditor Matrix Motion”: Debtors’ Emergency Motion for Entry of an 
Order (I) Authorizing the Debtors to (A) File a Consolidated (1) Creditor Matrix 
and (2) Top Thirty Creditors List, (B) Redact Certain Personal Information; 
(II) Approving Form and Manner of Notifying Creditors of Commencement of 
Chapter 11 Cases; and (III) Granting Related Relief. 
d. 
“Omnibus Relief Motion”: Debtors’ Emergency Omnibus Motion for Entry 
of Interim and Final Orders (I) Authorizing the Debtors to (A) Continue to Operate 
and Maintain Their Existing Bank Account and Use Existing Books and Records; 
(B) Continue to Perform Intercompany Transactions; and (C) Pay Prepetition 
Taxes and Fees, (II) Confirming that the Non-Debtor Insurance Subsidiaries are 
Not Affected or Impaired by the Chapter 11 Cases; and (III) Granting Related 
Relief. 
Case 26-90714   Document 11   Filed in TXSB on 07/19/26   Page 19 of 37

=== page 20 ===
20 
 
e. 
“Conditional Approval of Disclosure Statement, Plan, and Solicitation 
Procedures Motion”: Debtors’ Emergency Motion for Entry of an Order  
(I) Scheduling a Combined Disclosure Statement Approval and Plan Confirmation 
Hearing, (II) Conditionally Approving the Disclosure Statement, (III) Establishing 
a Plan and Disclosure Statement Deadline and Related Procedures;  
(IV) Approving the Solicitation Procedures; (V) Approving the Combined Notice; 
(VI) Extending the Deadline and Conditionally Waiving the Requirements for the 
Debtors to File Rule 2015.3 Financial Reports; and (VII) Granting Related Relief. 
f. 
“Bar Date Motion”: Debtors’ Emergency Motion for Entry of an Order  
(I) Setting Bar Dates for Filing Proofs of Claim; (II) Approving Form and Manner 
for Filing Proofs of Claim; (III) Approving Notice of Bar Dates; and (IV) Granting 
Related Relief. 
g. 
“Financing Motion”: Debtors’ Emergency Motion for Entry of Interim and 
Final Orders (I) Authorizing the Debtors to Use Cash Collateral Pursuant to 
Section 363 of the Bankruptcy Code; (II) Authorizing the Debtors to Obtain 
Postpetition Financing Pursuant to Section 364 of the Bankruptcy Code;  
(III) Granting Adequate Protection to Prepetition Facility Secured Parties;  
(IV) Modifying the Automatic Stay; (V) Scheduling a Final Hearing; and  
(VI) Granting Related Relief. 
51. 
The Debtors have also filed the Private Sale Motion and related sealing motion with 
respect to the ANAIC and NAICC sales, to be heard at the anticipated “second day” hearing. 
The Debtors further anticipate filing their schedules and statements and retention applications 
shortly after the Petition Date.  Barring unforeseen circumstances, the Debtors do not anticipate 
needing additional relief, nor do the Debtors anticipate the appointment of an unsecured creditors’ 
committee.   
A. 
Notice of Designation as Complex Case  
52. 
Pursuant to the Notice of Designation as Complex Case, the Debtors seek to have 
these chapter 11 cases designated as complex chapter 11 cases.   
53. 
The proposed counsel for the Debtors believes that these chapter 11 cases qualify 
as complex chapter 11 cases because the Debtors have total debt of more than $10 million. For 
this reason, I believe that designation of these chapter 11 cases as complex chapter 11 cases is 
appropriate and will contribute to the efficient administration of these cases.  
Case 26-90714   Document 11   Filed in TXSB on 07/19/26   Page 20 of 37

=== page 21 ===
21 
 
B. 
Joint Administration Motion 
54. 
I understand that joint administration of these chapter 11 cases is procedurally 
efficient because such joint administration saves the Debtors and their estates substantial time and 
expense, by removing the need to prepare, replicate, file, and serve duplicative notices, 
applications, and orders. Furthermore, I understand that joint administration will relieve the Court 
of entering duplicative orders and maintaining duplicative files and dockets and will spare the U.S. 
Trustee the time and effort of reviewing duplicative pleadings and papers.  
55. 
I believe that joint administration is warranted and that consolidating these 
chapter 11 cases will assist the Debtors in preserving the value of the estate by avoiding duplicative 
expenses.   
C. 
Omnibus Relief Motion 
56. 
 Pursuant to the Omnibus Relief Motion, the Debtors seek (i) the authority to 
(a) operate and maintain the existing Bank Accounts (as defined below), open new accounts, and 
close the existing accounts as needed; (b) continue using their existing books and records, business 
forms, and payment processes; (c) continue Intercompany Transactions (as defined in the Omnibus 
Relief Motion) consistent with the Debtors’ historical practices and Intercompany Relationships 
(as defined below), and (d) for the Court to appoint administrative expense status to the 
Intercompany Transactions among the Debtors and between the Debtors and their non-Debtor 
affiliates and (ii) pay prepetition Taxes and Fees (as defined in the Omnibus Relief Motion), if 
any, as they may come due postpetition. 
57. 
Bank Accounts.  As of the Petition Date, the Debtors have three bank accounts 
(each, a “Bank Account” and together the “Bank Accounts”).9  The Debtors have two main 
 
9  
In addition, an escrow account through Western Alliance bank has been established to serve as the Carve-Out 
Account as provided in the Financing Orders (as defined below). 
Case 26-90714   Document 11   Filed in TXSB on 07/19/26   Page 21 of 37

=== page 22 ===
22 
 
operating accounts maintained by AHUSCO, at Bank of America, N.A. (“BoA”), and by AGHBL, 
at US Customers Bank (“CB”) (each an “Operating Bank Account”).  The Debtors have 
approximately $7,300 in unrestricted cash in the Operating Bank Account at CB. The Debtors have 
approximately $3.1 million in cash in the Operating Bank Account at BoA. The BoA Operating 
Bank Account is subject to a deposit account control agreement in favor of CatFin as collateral for 
the Prepetition Facility (and the cash is also collateral therefor). 
58. 
AHUSCO and AGHBL use these Operating Bank Accounts to collect and disburse 
cash, whether generated from borrowings, investments, or from their subsidiaries, and to pay their 
financial obligations, which primarily consist of payments for intercompany services, including 
for personnel, and professional fees.  Additionally, AHUSCO uses its Operating Bank Account to 
provide disbursements to its subsidiaries to support their operations and the payment of insurance 
claims.    
59. 
The Debtors’ final Bank Account is maintained by AHUSCO also at BoA.  This 
Bank Account is also subject to a deposit account control agreement in favor of CatFin as collateral 
for the Prepetition Facility. The proceeds of the sales of AHUSCO’s equity interests in ANAIC 
and NAICC, subject to approval by this Court and the closing of such sales, will be deposited in 
this Bank Account. This Bank Account currently has $0, and the Debtors do not anticipate any 
additional funds to be deposited in this account (other than the sale proceeds of the subsidiaries). 
60. 
The Debtors incur periodic service charges and other fees in connection with the 
maintenance of their Bank Accounts (collectively, the “Bank Fees”).  AGHBL is not charged any 
Bank Fees to maintain or operate its Main Operating Account and, accordingly, the Debtors do not 
believe there are any prepetition amounts due to CB on account of such Bank Account.  AHUSCO 
does, however, incur periodic Bank Fees in connection with the deposit account control 
Case 26-90714   Document 11   Filed in TXSB on 07/19/26   Page 22 of 37

=== page 23 ===
23 
 
agreements to which its Bank Accounts are subject, in an aggregate amount of approximately 
$1,980 per month.   Although the Debtors do not believe there are any prepetition amounts due to 
BoA, the Debtors seek authority to pay any prepetition Bank Fees, if any, and continue paying the 
Bank Fees owed to BoA, in the ordinary course on a postpetition basis.   
61. 
 Books and Records.  The Debtors maintain books and records to document their 
financial situation and may use certain business forms such as checks and stationery. In particular, 
the Debtors maintain a general ledger and enterprise resource planning system (the “SUN 
System”), which records intercompany payables and receivables, as well as cash payments and 
receipts. While AHUSCO does have check stock, it has not issued a physical check in several 
years. The other Debtors do not have check stock.  The Debtors do not have pre-printed stationery.   
62. 
Intercompany Transactions.  In the ordinary course of business, the Debtors 
routinely engage in intercompany transactions (collectively, the “Intercompany Transactions”) 
with one another and their non-Debtor affiliates that result in intercompany receivables and 
payables (collectively, the “Intercompany Claims”).  Intercompany Transactions and 
Intercompany Claims arise from relationships and historical practice, or certain intercompany 
agreements (collectively, the “Intercompany Relationships” or “Intercompany Agreements”) to 
support operations and shared service functions. The Debtors can ascertain, trace, and account for 
all Intercompany Transactions through the SUN System, and the Debtors will continue to do so 
on a postpetition basis. 
63. 
In particular, AHUSCO is party to that certain service agreement 
(the “Administrative Service Agreement”) pursuant to which it obtains services from certain of its 
non-Debtor affiliates. The primary non-Debtor entity providing services to AHUSCO is CUSIS, 
Case 26-90714   Document 11   Filed in TXSB on 07/19/26   Page 23 of 37

=== page 24 ===
24 
 
which provides personnel, tax, and audit services, among other services.  All services are billed at 
cost. 
64. 
 Administrative Expense Status.  Because there may be Intercompany Claims as a 
result of these transactions, and in order to ensure that each Debtor will not fund, at the expense 
of its creditors, the operations of another entity, the Debtors have requested pursuant to the 
Omnibus Relief Motion that all postpetition Intercompany Transactions occurring in the ordinary 
course of business be accorded administrative-expense status. As a result of such administrative-
expense status, each entity utilizing the funds flowing through the Bank Accounts will continue to 
bear ultimate repayment responsibility for these ordinary-course transactions. 
65. 
To minimize the disruption caused by these chapter 11 cases and to maximize the 
value of the Debtors’ estates, I believe the Debtors should be authorized to continue using the Bank 
Accounts and performing Intercompany Transactions during the course of these chapter 11 cases, 
with the latter being granted administrative expense status. 
66. 
Prepetition Taxes and Fees.  Also pursuant to the Omnibus Motion, the Debtors 
request interim and final orders authorizing, but not directing, the Debtors to remit and pay (or use 
tax credits to offset) prepetition Taxes and Fees (as defined below) to various federal, state, local, 
regulatory, and governmental authorities (collectively, the “Taxing Authorities” as further defined 
in the Omnibus Motion) in the ordinary course of business that are payable or become payable 
during these chapter 11 cases. 
67. 
Although almost all of their operational expenses are conducted through the 
Intercompany Relationships, the Debtors may be subject to a variety of business-related taxes and 
charges, regulatory fees, assessments and related obligations (collectively, the “Taxes and Fees”).   
Case 26-90714   Document 11   Filed in TXSB on 07/19/26   Page 24 of 37

=== page 25 ===
25 
 
68. 
AHUSCO has not owed income taxes for several years; however, AHUSCO does 
file for an income tax extension. AHUSCO also pays franchise fees for itself and FIN. In 
September of 2025, both AHUSCO and FIN redomiciled to Texas. The Debtors believe that they 
are current on all Taxes and Fees, however during the pendency of this case certain Taxes and Fees 
may come due on account of a partial prepetition period, such as their Texas franchise taxes. To 
the extent that any additional prepetition amounts remain outstanding, the Debtors have requested 
authorization to pay them in the ordinary course. 
69. 
I believe the continued payment of the prepetition Taxes and Fees on their normal 
due dates will ultimately preserve the resources of the Debtors’ estates. If such obligations are not 
timely paid, the Debtors’ directors and officers may be subject to lawsuits or prosecution, the 
Debtors would face additional tax liability through subsequent interest charges, fees, and penalties, 
the Debtors’ business operations may be suspended, and the Debtors will be required to expend 
time and money to resolve these issues. Accordingly, I believe the relief requested in connection 
with Taxes and Fees should be granted. 
70. 
Insurance Subsidiaries Comfort Order  In addition, the Debtors seek entry of a 
“comfort order” confirming that the Debtors’ insurance subsidiaries SPARTA, ANAIC, and 
NAICC (collectively, the “Insurance Subsidiaries”) are not Debtors in, and are not affected or 
impaired by, these chapter 11 cases.  Each Insurance Subsidiary is a separate legal entity organized 
and regulated under the insurance laws of its respective domiciliary jurisdiction (Connecticut, New 
York, and California, respectively).  The Debtors believe that it would be beneficial for the 
Bankruptcy Court to confirm that:  
• None of the Insurance Subsidiaries is a debtor in these Chapter 11 Cases;  
Case 26-90714   Document 11   Filed in TXSB on 07/19/26   Page 25 of 37

=== page 26 ===
26 
 
• None of the Insurance Subsidiaries has commenced, or is the subject of, any case under 
the Bankruptcy Code or any other bankruptcy, insolvency, receivership, rehabilitation, 
liquidation, conservation, or similar proceeding; 
• The commencement of these Chapter 11 Cases does not place the Insurance 
Subsidiaries, or their assets, businesses, or operations, under the supervision or control 
of the Bankruptcy Court;  
• Except for the Debtors’ equity interests in the Insurance Subsidiaries, which constitute 
property of the estate under section 541 of the Bankruptcy Code, the assets, businesses, 
and operations of the Insurance Subsidiaries are not property of the Debtors’ estates; 
and 
• Neither the Omnibus Motion nor any order granting the relief requested therein is 
intended to, or shall, (a) affect the separate corporate existence, governance, or day-to-
day operations of any Insurance Subsidiary; (b) impair or otherwise affect the 
jurisdiction or authority of any insurance regulatory authority over any Insurance 
Subsidiary; or (c) cause any Insurance Subsidiary, or any of its assets, to become 
subject to the supervision or control of the Court or to be treated as property of the 
Debtors’ estates. 
D. 
Claims Agent Retention Application 
71. 
Pursuant to the Claims Agent Retention Application, the Debtors seek entry to 
appoint Omni Agent Solutions, Inc. (“Omni”) as the claims, noticing, and solicitation agent for the 
Debtors in these chapter 11 cases.   
72. 
As more fully described in the Claims Agent Retention Application, Omni will, 
among other tasks, (i) serve as the noticing agent to mail notices to creditors, equity security 
Case 26-90714   Document 11   Filed in TXSB on 07/19/26   Page 26 of 37

=== page 27 ===
27 
 
holders, and other parties in interest, (ii) provide computerized claims, objection, solicitation, and 
balloting database services, and (iii) provide expertise, consultation, and assistance in claim and 
ballot processing and other administrative services with respect to these chapter 11 cases, pursuant 
to the terms and conditions set forth in the Engagement Letter (as defined in the Claims Agent 
Retention Application). 
73. 
Omni’s rates are competitive and reasonable. Omni has the expertise required in a 
complex chapter 11 case. Omni has reviewed the potential parties in interest in these chapter 11 
cases and believes that neither Omni, nor any of its professionals, has any materially adverse 
connection to the Debtors, their creditors, or other relevant parties.   
74. 
The Debtors anticipate that there will be numerous parties to be noticed and that 
certain of these parties may file claims. The appointment of  Omni as the claims and noticing agent 
will provide the most effective and efficient means of providing that notice, as well as soliciting 
and tabulating votes on the proposed Plan, thereby relieving the Debtors of the administrative 
burden associated with all of these necessary tasks. In addition, by appointing Omni as the claims 
and noticing agent in these chapter 11 cases, the distribution of notices will be expedited, and the 
Office of the Clerk of the Bankruptcy Court will be relieved of the administrative burden of 
noticing. Accordingly, I believe the Claims Agent Retention Application should be granted in all 
respects.  
E. 
Creditor Matrix Motion 
75. 
Pursuant to the Creditor Matrix Motion, the Debtors seek authority to (i) file a (a) 
consolidated creditor matrix and (b) top thirty creditors list, and (ii) redact certain personal 
identifying information and sensitive business information from the documents filed with the 
Court in these chapter 11 cases. 
Case 26-90714   Document 11   Filed in TXSB on 07/19/26   Page 27 of 37

=== page 28 ===
28 
 
76. 
It is my understanding that Bankruptcy Rule 1007(a) requires each debtor to file a 
separate mailing matrix, each containing names and addresses of all creditors, including 
individuals, as well as a separate list of top unsecured creditors for each debtor. Because the 
preparation of separate lists of creditors for each Debtor would be administratively burdensome 
and duplicative because the Debtors’ handful of creditors are largely identical, the Debtors request 
authority to file one Consolidated Creditor Matrix for all Debtors.  Further, because of the overlap 
of creditors between the Debtors, the Debtors request authority to file the Consolidated Top 30 
Creditors List for all Debtors, rather than file separate top 20 creditor lists for each Debtor.     
77. 
Further, I believe that cause exists to authorize the Debtors to redact certain 
personal data including (i) the home addresses of individual creditors, directors, and officers of the 
Debtors and (ii) the names, addresses, and other Personal Data of any natural person located in the 
United Kingdom or a member state of the European Economic Area. Such redaction is necessary 
because, respectively, (x) disclosure of home address information can be used to perpetrate identity 
theft and phishing scams or to locate survivors of domestic violence, harassment, or stalking under 
11 U.S.C. § 107(c)(1), and (y) disclosure of names, addresses, and other Personal Data risks 
violating the UK GDPR and EU GDPR, exposing the Debtors to potential civil liability and 
significant financial penalties. Without such relief, the Debtors may be in violation of applicable 
data privacy laws, thereby exposing them to severe monetary penalties that could threaten the 
Debtors’ operations during this sensitive stage of their restructuring. Furthermore, without such 
relief the Debtors would unnecessarily render individuals more susceptible to identity theft or 
could jeopardize the safety of individual creditors, directors or officers of the Debtors, who, 
unbeknownst to the Debtors, are survivors of domestic violence, harassment, or stalking by 
publishing their home addresses without any advance notice or opportunity to opt out or take 
Case 26-90714   Document 11   Filed in TXSB on 07/19/26   Page 28 of 37

=== page 29 ===
29 
 
protective measures. 
78. 
The Debtors propose that the Claims and Balloting Agent undertake all mailings 
directed by the Court or the U.S. Trustee as required in section 342 of the Bankruptcy Code and 
Bankruptcy Rules 2002(a) and (f). 
79. 
I believe that using the Claims and Balloting Agent to promptly provide notices to 
all applicable parties will maximize efficiency in administering these chapter 11 cases and will 
ease administrative burdens that would otherwise fall upon the Court and the U.S. Trustee. 
Additionally, the Claims and Balloting Agent will assist the Debtors in preparing creditor lists and 
mailing initial notices, and therefore, it is more efficient to authorize the Claims and Balloting 
Agent to mail the Notice of Commencement of these chapter 11 cases. Further, coordinating the 
mailing of notices through a single source, the Claims and Balloting Agent, will reduce the 
opportunities for dissemination of conflicting or confusing information to parties in interest. 
Accordingly, the Claims and Balloting Agent should undertake such mailings. 
80. 
Based on the foregoing, I believe that the relief requested in the Creditor Matrix 
Motion is in the best interests of the Debtors, their estates, and all other parties in interest and 
should be granted in all respects. 
F. 
Conditional Approval of Disclosure Statement, Plan, and Solicitation 
Procedures Motion 
81. 
The Debtors request entry of an order (i) scheduling the combined hearing on 
confirmation of the Plan and the adequacy of the Debtors’ Disclosure Statement and setting related 
deadlines, (ii) conditionally approving the Disclosure Statement for the Joint Plan of 
Reorganization for Alea Holdings US Company and Its Debtor Affiliates (the “Disclosure 
Statement”), (iii) approving the (a) voting and solicitation procedures, (b) combined hearing 
Case 26-90714   Document 11   Filed in TXSB on 07/19/26   Page 29 of 37

=== page 30 ===
30 
 
notice, (c) form and manner of publication notice, and (d) form of ballots and release opt-out form, 
and (iv) granting related relief. 
82. 
I believe the schedule of proposed dates (the “Confirmation Schedule”) is 
achievable and will best maximize value for the benefit of all stakeholders. I believe that the 
Confirmation Schedule enables the Debtors to emerge from chapter 11 as quickly as the Court’s 
schedule and the requisite notice periods will permit, while also providing for the best avenue for 
the Debtors to reorganize (or otherwise consummate a value-maximizing sale transaction). 
83. 
Specifically, I believe that the facts and circumstances of these chapter 11 cases 
necessitate the Debtors’ proposed timeline. As the Debtors have the support of key stakeholders 
for a plan that maximizes the value of the Debtors’ assets, implementing the restructuring 
transactions contemplated by the Plan in a timely manner that complies with all applicable 
provisions of the Bankruptcy Code, Bankruptcy Rules, Local Bankruptcy Rules, and Complex 
Case Procedures is in the best interests of the estate, creditors, and all stakeholders.  
84. 
As such, I believe that the relief requested in the Conditional Approval of 
Disclosure Statement, Plan, and Solicitation Procedures Motion is in the best interests of the 
Debtors’ estates, their creditors, and all other parties in interest. Accordingly, it is my opinion that 
the Conditional Approval of Disclosure Statement, Plan, and Solicitation Procedures Motion 
should be approved. 
G. 
Bar Date Motion 
85. 
Pursuant to the Bar Date Motion, the Debtors seek entry of an order: (i) setting bar 
dates for filing proofs of claim; (ii) approving form and manner for filing proofs of claim; (iii) 
approving notice of bar dates; and (iv) granting related relief. 
Case 26-90714   Document 11   Filed in TXSB on 07/19/26   Page 30 of 37

=== page 31 ===
31 
 
86. 
The  Debtors seek to establish: (a) a general bar date of August 26, 2026 (the 
“General Bar Date”); and (b) an amended schedules bar date, to the extent applicable, to be the 
later of (i) the General Bar Date and (ii) twenty-one (21) days from the date on which the Debtors 
mail notice of an amendment to the schedules (such date, the “Amended Schedules Bar Date”) 
(collectively, the “Bar Dates”). 
87. 
I believe that the proposed timeline will give all parties in interest adequate notice 
of the Bar Dates and an opportunity to respond, while preceding the Voting Deadline (as defined 
in the Conditional Approval of Disclosure Statement, Plan, and Solicitation Procedures Motion) 
such that the Debtors will have certainty as to the universe of claimants prior to the Voting 
Deadline.   
88. 
Given the timing of this case, I believe that the proposed Bar Dates timeline is 
sufficient and necessary. I believe that implementation of the procedures and deadlines set forth in 
the Bar Date Motion is necessary and appropriate to give all parties the confidence they need to 
effectuate the restructuring transactions contemplated by the Plan. Accordingly, I believe the relief 
requested by the Bar Date Motion should be granted. 
H. 
Financing Motion 
89. 
In the weeks preceding the Petition Date, Province, with my involvement, analyzed 
the Debtors’ forecasted cash flows and liquidity needs in a chapter 11 scenario.  Based on that 
analysis, the Debtors require two forms of relief: (i) use of the Prepetition Facility Lender’s cash 
collateral (as defined in the Financing Motion, “Cash Collateral”) on an interim basis (pursuant to 
the “Interim Financing Order”); and (ii) authority to incur incremental postpetition financing (up 
to $35 million, the “Postpetition Commitment,” and the facility providing it, the “Postpetition 
Case 26-90714   Document 11   Filed in TXSB on 07/19/26   Page 31 of 37

=== page 32 ===
32 
 
Facility”) upon entry of a final order approving the Financing Motion (the “Final Financing 
Order”). 
90. 
Accordingly, the Debtors seek authority, pursuant to the Financing Motion, to 
immediate and continued access to the liquidity necessary to preserve estate value, maintain 
ordinary-course operations, fund the costs of administering these chapter 11 cases, pursue approval 
and consummation of the ANAIC and NAICC sales, and implement the transactions contemplated 
by the RSA and the Plan. The requested relief also provides adequate protection to the Prepetition 
Facility Secured Parties (as defined in the Financing Motion) for the Debtors’ consensual use of 
Cash Collateral and, subject to entry of the Final Financing Order, authorizes access to the 
Postpetition Facility if additional liquidity is needed.  
91. 
Use of Cash Collateral.  As of the Petition Date, the Debtors hold approximately 
$7,300 of unrestricted cash.  All of the Prepetition Obligors’ cash constitutes the Prepetition 
Facility Lender’s collateral, and the Debtors have no revenue or access to cash otherwise.  The 
Prepetition Facility Lender has consented to the Debtors’ use of Cash Collateral on the terms 
provided in the Interim Financing Order, including the Debtors’ compliance with a weekly budget 
and the swift progression of these Chapter 11 Cases.  Based on anticipated cash needs, the Debtors 
expect cash on hand to be sufficient to fund the interim period without additional borrowing.  
92. 
The Debtors’ use of Cash Collateral is necessary to preserve the value of their 
estates. Without immediate access to Cash Collateral, the Debtors would be unable to fund 
operating and administrative expenses, including funding the professional fee escrow required by 
the terms of the Interim Financing Order and ensuring sufficient liquidity to manage their 
insurance subsidiaries’ operations pending the consummation of the ANAIC and NAICC sales and 
the SPARTA settlement with PIC.  On the other hand, I do not believe the Debtors have any viable 
Case 26-90714   Document 11   Filed in TXSB on 07/19/26   Page 32 of 37

=== page 33 ===
33 
 
alternative to consensual Cash Collateral use.  The Debtors have no unencumbered assets, and no 
alternative financing source, to provide the necessary liquidity to fund these Chapter 11 Cases.  
Accordingly, I believe that the Debtors’ access to Cash Collateral is necessary and appropriate to 
the maximization of the Debtors’ estate.   
93. 
As adequate protection for the Debtors’ use of Cash Collateral and for any 
diminution in value of the Prepetition Facility Secured Parties’ interests in the Prepetition 
Collateral, the Financing Motion and the proposed Financing Orders provide the Prepetition 
Facility Secured Parties with, among other things, replacement liens, superpriority administrative 
expense claims, the payment of certain fees and expenses, and information and budget-compliance 
covenants, in each case as more fully set forth in the Financing Motion and the proposed Financing 
Orders. 
94. 
Postpetition Financing.  Although the Debtors anticipate that their cash on hand 
should be sufficient to fund at least the start, if not the whole, of these Chapter 11 Cases, the 
Debtors do not have sufficient cash on hand to fund distributions under the Plan.  If the Debtors 
are able to consummate the pending sales of ANAIC and/or NAICC, the sale proceeds (which 
would also constitute the Prepetition Facility Lender’s collateral) could be used to fund 
distributions under the Plan (i.e., the $20 million cash pool to be paid to the TruPS Holders pro 
rata).  Otherwise, or if the Debtors require additional liquidity during the pendency of these 
Chapter 11 Cases for administrative expenses, the Debtors have secured access to $35 million in 
additional postpetition capacity under their existing Prepetition Facility subject to certain 
conditions (most importantly, entry of the Final Financing Order) (the “Postpetition Facility” 
provided by the “Postpetition Facility Lender”).  Approval of the Postpetition Facility provides a 
necessary liquidity backstop, ensuring that the Debtors can address unexpected case costs or timing 
Case 26-90714   Document 11   Filed in TXSB on 07/19/26   Page 33 of 37

=== page 34 ===
34 
 
delays in the sale transactions without disrupting the Plan process.  I believe the Postpetition 
Facility is reasonable and the best alternative available to the Debtors to fund these Chapter 11 
Cases and the Plan.   
95. 
As the Debtors’ Chief Restructuring Officer, I oversaw the Debtors’ efforts to 
secure postpetition financing.  Prior to the commencement of these Chapter 11 Cases, the Debtors 
canvassed alternative sources of financing. None offered an actionable proposal, let alone terms 
comparable to what the Prepetition Facility Lender was willing to offer.  This outcome was 
unsurprising. Substantially all of the Debtors’ assets are already encumbered by the Prepetition 
Facility, including most crucially the stock (and proceeds thereof) of ANAIC, NAICC, and 
SPARTA.  The cash needs are relatively small.  And the prospects for recovery are uncertain and 
relatively defined (i.e., there is limited upside for a third party to step in).  Accordingly, based on 
my experience, I do not believe any third party would have been willing to extend unsecured credit 
or a priming facility to the Debtors on terms as favorable as those offered by the Postpetition 
Facility Lender. 
96. 
Notwithstanding that the Postpetition Facility Lender is an affiliated entity, I 
believe that the Postpetition Facility is reasonable and appropriate.  The Debtors and the 
Postpetition Facility Lender negotiated the economics, covenants, and other terms at arm’s-length 
and in good faith, over several rounds of proposals and counterproposals, and the Debtors 
improved certain terms relative to the Postpetition Facility Lender’s initial proposal.  The 
Postpetition Facility Lender was also at all times advised by separate counsel.  And, entry into the 
Postpetition Facility was overseen and approved by the Independent Director through the Special 
Committee.  
Case 26-90714   Document 11   Filed in TXSB on 07/19/26   Page 34 of 37

=== page 35 ===
35 
 
97. 
In my view, the terms of the Postpetition Facility, taken as a whole, are fair and 
reasonable and are the most favorable terms available to the Debtors under the circumstances. 
Most notably, the Postpetition Facility Lender has agreed that the Postpetition Facility will receive 
the same treatment as the Prepetition Facility under the Plan and need not be repaid in full in cash 
on the Effective Date if the chapter 11 plan contemplated by the RSA is consummated—a benefit 
that no third-party lender offered or, in my experience, would be expected to offer. 
98. 
The Postpetition Facility Agreement also includes certain milestones and the 
“Significant Provisions” identified in section C, paragraph 8 of the Procedures for Complex Cases 
in the Southern District of Texas. The milestones were a condition to the Postpetition Facility 
Lender’s commitment and were themselves negotiated at arm’s-length; I believe they afford the 
Debtors sufficient time to pursue confirmation of the Plan and to consummate the ANAIC and 
NAICC sales. 
99. 
For these reasons, and based on my experience and my involvement in the 
negotiations, I believe that the Debtors’ use of Cash Collateral and entry into the Postpetition 
Facility are necessary, reflect a sound exercise of the Debtors’ business judgment, and are in the 
best interests of the Debtors’ estates and their stakeholders. 
I. 
Request for Emergency Consideration Motion 
100. 
Pursuant to the Request for Emergency Consideration, the Debtors request 
emergency consideration of the following motions: the Notice of Designation as Complex Case; 
Claims Agent Retention Application; Creditor Matrix Motion; Omnibus Relief Motion; Interim 
Financing Motion; Bar Date Motion; and Solicitation Procedures Motion.   
101. 
I believe that failure to approve the relief requested in these respective motions 
would cause immediate and irreparable harm to the Debtors. I believe that emergency 
Case 26-90714   Document 11   Filed in TXSB on 07/19/26   Page 35 of 37

=== page 36 ===
36 
 
consideration of such motions is warranted to ensure that these chapter 11 cases are administered 
efficiently for the benefit of all stakeholders. 
 
*** 
 
 
Case 26-90714   Document 11   Filed in TXSB on 07/19/26   Page 36 of 37

=== page 37 ===
37 
 
Pursuant to 28 U.S.C. § 1746, I declare under penalty of perjury that the foregoing statements are 
true and correct.  
 
Dated:  July 19, 2026  
 
/s/ Peter Kravitz  
Name: Peter Kravitz 
Title: Chief Restructuring Officer 
 
Case 26-90714   Document 11   Filed in TXSB on 07/19/26   Page 37 of 37

