=== page 1 ===
Case 26-90306   Document 13   Filed in TXSB on 02/02/26   Page 1 of 29

IN THE UNITED STATES BANKRUPTCY COURT

FOR THE SOUTHERN DISTRICT OF TEXAS

HOUSTON DIVISION

In re:

Chapter 11

CARBON HEALTH TECHNOLOGIES, INC., et al.,

Case No. 26-90306 (CML)

Debtors.1

(Joint Administration Requested) 
(Emergency Hearing Requested)

DEBTORS’ EMERGENCY MOTION FOR ENTRY OF INTERIM AND FINAL

ORDERS (I) AUTHORIZING THE DEBTORS TO OBTAIN POST-PETITION 
SECURED FINANCING PURSUANT TO SECTION 364 OF THE BANKRUPTCY

CODE; (II) AUTHORIZING THE DEBTORS TO USE CERTAIN CASH 
COLLATERAL; (III) GRANTING LIENS AND SUPERPRIORITY ADMINISTRATIVE

EXPENSE CLAIMS; (IV) GRANTING ADEQUATE PROTECTION TO THE 
PREPETITION SECURED PARTIES; (V) MODIFYING THE AUTOMATIC STAY; 
(VI) SCHEDULING A FINAL HEARING; AND (VII) GRANTING RELATED RELIEF

EMERGENCY RELIEF HAS BEEN REQUESTED. RELIEF IS REQUESTED NOT 
LATER THAN FEBRUARY 3, 2026.

IF YOU OBJECT TO THE RELIEF REQUESTED OR YOU BELIEVE THAT 
EMERGENCY CONSIDERATION IS NOT WARRANTED, YOU MUST APPEAR 
AT THE HEARING IF ONE IS SET OR FILE A WRITTEN RESPONSE PRIOR TO 
THE DATE THAT RELIEF IS REQUESTED IN THE PRECEDING PARAGRAPH. 
OTHERWISE, THE COURT MAY TREAT THE PLEADING AS UNOPPOSED AND 
GRANT THE RELIEF REQUESTED.

A HEARING WILL BE CONDUCTED ON THIS MATTER ON FEBRUARY 3, 2026, 
AT 2:00 P.M. (PREVAILING CENTRAL TIME). PARTICIPATION AT THE 
HEARING WILL ONLY BE PERMITTED BY AN AUDIO AND VIDEO 
CONNECTION.

AUDIO COMMUNICATION WILL BE BY USE OF THE COURT’S DIAL-IN 
FACILITY. YOU MAY ACCESS THE FACILITY AT (832) 917-1510. ONCE 
CONNECTED, YOU WILL BE ASKED TO ENTER THE CONFERENCE ROOM 
NUMBER. JUDGE LOPEZ’S CONFERENCE ROOM NUMBER IS 590153. VIDEO 
COMMUNICATION WILL BE BY USE OF THE GOTOMEETING PLATFORM. 
CONNECT VIA THE FREE GOTOMEETING APPLICATION OR CLICK THE 
LINK ON JUDGE LOPEZ’S HOMEPAGE. THE MEETING CODE IS

1
A complete list of each of the Debtors in these Chapter 11 Cases may be obtained on the website of the Debtors’ 
proposed claims and noticing agent at https://restructuring.ra.kroll.com/CarbonHealth.The location of Carbon 
Health Technologies, Inc.’s principal place of business and the Debtors’ service address in these Chapter 11 Cases 
is 500 East Remington Drive, Suite 20, Sunnyvale, CA 94087.

=== page 2 ===
Case 26-90306   Document 13   Filed in TXSB on 02/02/26   Page 2 of 29

“JUDGELOPEZ”. CLICK THE SETTINGS ICON IN THE UPPER RIGHT 
CORNER AND ENTER YOUR NAME UNDER THE PERSONAL INFORMATION 
SETTING.

HEARING APPEARANCES MUST BE MADE ELECTRONICALLY IN ADVANCE 
OF BOTH ELECTRONIC AND IN-PERSON HEARINGS. TO MAKE YOUR 
APPEARANCE, CLICK THE “ELECTRONIC APPEARANCE” LINK ON JUDGE 
LOPEZ’S HOMEPAGE. SELECT THE CASE NAME, COMPLETE THE 
REQUIRED FIELDS AND CLICK “SUBMIT” TO COMPLETE YOUR 
APPEARANCE.

The above-captioned debtors and debtors in possession (collectively, the “Debtors” or

“Carbon Health”) state as follows in support of this motion (the “Motion”):2

Relief Requested

1.
The Debtors file this Motion, pursuant to sections 105, 361, 362, 363, 364, 503,

506, and 507 of title 11 of the United States Code (the “Bankruptcy Code”), Rules 2002, 4001,

6004, and 9014 of the Federal Rules of Bankruptcy Procedure (the “Bankruptcy Rules”), and Rules

4002-1 and 9013-1 of the Bankruptcy Local Rules for the Southern District of Texas (the “Local

Rules”), seeking entry of interim and final orders, substantially in the form of the interim order

attached hereto as Exhibit 1 and a final order to be submitted at a later date (respectively, the

“Interim Order” and “Final Order” and collectively, the “DIP Orders”):

a.
authorizing the Debtors to obtain post-petition loans, advances, and other financial
accommodations up to $9,000,000 on an interim basis for a period through and
including the date of the Final Hearing (as defined herein), and up to an aggregate
of $19,500,000 following entry of the Final Order, from Future Solution
Investments LLC (“FSI”), in its capacities as administrative agent and collateral
agent (the “DIP Agent”) for itself and the DIP Lenders (as defined herein) and from
the DIP Lenders (as defined herein), in accordance with all of the lending formulae,
sublimits, terms, and conditions set forth in the DIP Loan Documents (as defined
herein), secured by security interests in and liens upon all of the DIP Collateral (as
defined herein) pursuant to sections 364(c)(2), 364(c)(3), and 364(d)(1) of the
Bankruptcy Code;

2
Additional information regarding the Debtors’ businesses, capital structure, and the circumstances leading to the 
commencement of these chapter 11 cases is set forth in the Declaration of Kerem Ozkay in Support of the Debtors’ 
Chapter 11 Petitions and First Day Relief (the “First Day Declaration”), filed contemporaneously herewith.

=== page 3 ===
Case 26-90306   Document 13   Filed in TXSB on 02/02/26   Page 3 of 29

b.
authorizing the Debtors to enter into, be bound by, and perform under the debtor-
in-possession credit facility (the “DIP Facility”), entitled “Senior Secured
Superpriority Debtor-in-Possession Financing Agreement,” dated as of
February 2, 2026, by and among the Debtors, the DIP Agent, and the lenders from
time to time party thereto (the “DIP Lenders”), which agreement is attached as
Exhibit A to the Interim Order (as it may be modified, supplemented, amended, or
restated from time to time, the “DIP Financing Agreement” and together with the
other Loan Documents, as defined in the DIP Financing Agreement, the “DIP Loan
Documents”);

c.
modifying the automatic stay;

d.
granting to the DIP Agent, for its benefit and the benefit of the DIP Lenders, of
superpriority administrative claim status pursuant to section 364(c)(1) of the
Bankruptcy Code in respect of all Obligations (as defined in the DIP Financing
Agreement) (the “DIP Obligations”);

e.
authorizing the Debtors to use the DIP Collateral (as defined herein) (including
“cash collateral,” as such term is defined in section 363 of the Bankruptcy Code
(the “Cash Collateral”) in accordance with the Approved Budget (as defined herein)
and subject to the terms, restrictions, and other conditions of the DIP Loan
Documents);

f.
authorizing the Debtors to use the proceeds of the loans under the DIP Facility,
subject to the terms, restrictions, and other conditions of the DIP Loan Documents,
to (a) pay fees and expenses related to the DIP Loan Documents and these
chapter 11 cases, and (b) fund working capital of the Debtors and other general
corporate purposes, in each case, to the extent set forth in and limited by the
Approved Budget and permitted under the DIP Loan Documents;

g.
subject to the Carve-Out (as defined herein) and any Permitted Prior Liens (as
defined in the DIP Financing Agreement), to provide Adequate Protection (as
defined herein) of the liens and security interests (such liens and security interests,
the “Prepetition Secured Liens”) of the lenders (the “Prepetition Lenders”) under
that certain Loan and Security Agreement, dated as of November 14, 2025, as
amended by that certain First Amendment to Loan and Security Agreement, dated
as of November 24, 2025, that certain Second Amendment to Loan and Security
Agreement, dated as of January 13, 2026 and that certain Third Amendment to Loan
and Security Agreement, dated as of January 20, 2026 (and as the same may be
further amended, restated, amended and restated, supplemented, or otherwise
modified from time to time, the “Prepetition Loan and Security Agreement” and
together with all other related documents, guarantees, and agreements, including,
without limitation, security agreements, mortgages, pledge agreements,
assignments, financing statements, and other agreements, documents, instruments,
or certificates executed in connection with the Prepetition Loan and Security
Agreement, collectively, the “Prepetition Loan Documents”), by and among the
Debtors as borrowers or guarantors (the “Prepetition Loan Parties”), FSI, as lender

=== page 4 ===
Case 26-90306   Document 13   Filed in TXSB on 02/02/26   Page 4 of 29

and agent for itself and the other lenders or entities thereto (in such capacity, the 
“Prepetition Agent” and together with the Prepetition Lenders, the “Prepetition 
Secured Parties”), on the terms as more fully set forth in the DIP Orders;

h. 
scheduling a final hearing (the “Final Hearing”) to consider the relief requested in 
the Motion; and

i. 
granting related relief.

2. 
In further support of this Motion, the Debtors submit the First Day Declaration and

the Declarations of Reilly Olson of Alvarez & Marsal North America, LLC and Vladimir

Moshinsky of Stifel, Nicolaus & Company, Incorporated (together, the “DIP Declarations”), which

contain specific facts regarding the Debtors’ need for the DIP Facility, access to Cash Collateral,

the reasonableness of the Debtors’ proposed budget, and the lack of any available financing

alternatives.

Jurisdiction and Venue

3. 
The United States Bankruptcy Court for the Southern District of Texas (the

“Court”) has jurisdiction over this matter pursuant to 28 U.S.C. § 1334. This matter is a core

proceeding within the meaning of 28 U.S.C. § 157(b). The Debtors confirm their consent, pursuant

to Bankruptcy Rule 7008, to the entry of a final order by the Court.

4. 
Venue is proper pursuant to 28 U.S.C. §§ 1408 and 1409.

5. 
The bases for the relief requested herein are sections 105, 361, 362, 363, 364, 503,

506, and 507 of the Bankruptcy Code, Bankruptcy Rules 2002, 4001, 6004, and 9014, Local Rules

4002-1 and 9013-1, and the Procedures for Complex Cases in the Southern District of Texas (the

“Complex Case Procedures”).

=== page 5 ===
Case 26-90306   Document 13   Filed in TXSB on 02/02/26   Page 5 of 29

Background

A. 
General Background

6. 
On February 2, 2026 (the “Petition Date”), the Debtors each commenced with this

Court a voluntary case under chapter 11 of the Bankruptcy Code. The Debtors are authorized to

continue to operate their businesses and manage their properties as debtors in possession pursuant

to sections 1107(a) and 1108 of the Bankruptcy Code. No trustee, examiner, or statutory

committee has been appointed in these chapter 11 cases.

7. 
Contemporaneously herewith, the Debtors have filed a motion requesting joint

administration of their chapter 11 cases pursuant to Bankruptcy Rule 1015(b) and Local

Rule 1015-1.

8. 
Carbon Health is a leading urgent care (“UC”) and primary care (“PC”) medical

service provider, with 93 locations nationwide offering comprehensive services, including UC,

PC, pediatric care, workplace health, and clinical research, complemented with virtual care access.

Carbon Health serves as a primary entry point to the healthcare ecosystem, offering a

comprehensive array of services that cater to diverse patient communities, enhancing accessibility

and quality of care. Carbon Health leverages its proprietary platform, “CarbyOS,” to implement a

digital strategy that enhances patient engagement and drives operating efficiency. This approach

enables Carbon Health to provide a versatile range of services across care locations through

improved operational efficiency.

B. 
Prepetition Secured Obligations

9. 
As of the Petition Date, the Prepetition Loan Parties were indebted and liable to the

Prepetition Secured Parties under the Prepetition Loan Documents, for (a) an aggregate principal

amount of not less than $77 million, and (b) accrued and unpaid interest, fees (including, without

limitation, Agency Fees (as defined therein, if any)), and costs, expenses (including any reasonable

=== page 6 ===
Case 26-90306   Document 13   Filed in TXSB on 02/02/26   Page 6 of 29

attorneys’ and financial advisors’ fees), charges, indemnities, and all other obligations incurred or

accrued with respect to the foregoing pursuant to, and in accordance with, the Prepetition Loan

Documents (including, without limitation, the MOIC Amount (as defined in the Prepetition Loan

and Security Agreement)) (collectively, the “Prepetition Secured Obligations”).

10. 
The Prepetition Loan Parties granted to the Prepetition Agent, for the benefit of the

Prepetition Secured Parties, to secure the Prepetition Secured Obligations, Prepetition Secured

Liens on the Collateral (as defined in the Prepetition Loan Documents), including assets of the

Prepetition Loan Parties as more fully described in the Prepetition Loan Documents, including all

of the Prepetition Loan Parties’ rights, titles, and interests in the Collateral (as defined in the

Prepetition Loan Documents, such collateral, collectively, the “Prepetition Collateral”).

11. 
The Debtors propose to stipulate through the DIP Orders that the Prepetition

Secured Liens (a) are valid, binding, perfected, duly recorded, and enforceable liens on, and

security interests in, the Prepetition Collateral, (b) were granted to the Prepetition Secured Parties

for fair consideration and reasonably equivalent value, (c) are not subject to, pursuant to the

Bankruptcy Code or other applicable law (foreign or domestic), avoidance, disallowance,

reduction, recharacterization, recovery, subordination (whether equitable, contractual, or

otherwise), attachment, set-off, offset, recoupment, counterclaim, defense, “claim” (as defined in

the Bankruptcy Code), impairment, or any other challenge of any kind, and (d) are subject and

subordinate only to valid, perfected, and unavoidable liens permitted under the applicable

Prepetition Loan Documents, but only to the extent that (x) such liens are permitted by the

applicable Prepetition Loan Documents to be senior to the applicable Prepetition Secured Liens

and (y) such liens are actually senior to the applicable Prepetition Secured Liens under applicable

law.

=== page 7 ===
Case 26-90306   Document 13   Filed in TXSB on 02/02/26   Page 7 of 29

12. 
The Debtors further propose to stipulate through the DIP Orders that the Prepetition

Secured Obligations constitute legal, valid, and binding obligations of the Debtors, enforceable in

accordance with the terms of the applicable Prepetition Loan Documents. In connection with the

foregoing, (1) no setoffs, recoupments, offsets, defenses, or counterclaims to any of the Prepetition

Secured Obligations exist, and (2) no portion of the Prepetition Secured Obligations or any

payments made to or for the benefit of the Prepetition Secured Parties are subject to avoidance,

recharacterization, recovery, subordination, attack, offset, counterclaim, defense, or “claim” (as

defined in the Bankruptcy Code) of any kind pursuant to the Bankruptcy Code or applicable non-

bankruptcy law.

C. 
Clinic Level Debt

13. 
Certain of the Debtors borrowed from three separate lenders for the purpose of

developing and opening primary care and urgent care clinics in various locations around the

country.

i. 
John Muir Debt

14. 
Carbon Health East Bay Medical Group, P.C. (“CH East Bay Med.”), as borrower,

and Carbon Health East Bay Primary Care, P.C. (“CH East Bay Primary”), as guarantor, and John

Muir Health (“John Muir”), as lender, are party to a Delayed Draw Term Loan Credit and

Guaranty Agreement, dated November 5, 2021 (the “John Muir Credit Agreement”), under which

John Muir agreed to provide a $20,000,000 secured delayed draw term loan.

15. 
The payment obligations of the John Muir Credit Agreement are guaranteed by CH

East Bay Primary and secured by a general all asset lien against the assets of CH East Bay Med.

and CH East Bay Primary, all as set forth in that certain Security Agreement, dated November 5,

2021.

=== page 8 ===
Case 26-90306   Document 13   Filed in TXSB on 02/02/26   Page 8 of 29

16.
As of the Petition Date, the outstanding principal obligations under the John Muir

Credit Agreement total approximately $3.9 million.

17.
CH East Bay Med. and CH East Bay Primary do not operate any primary care or

urgent care clinics. As a result, those entities do not generate any revenues that could be the

proceeds of John Muir’s collateral. Instead, the clinics that provide services to patients in the East

Bay of San Francisco are administered by Carbon Health Medical Group of California or Carbon

Health Primary Care of California, and John Muir does not have a security interest against the

assets of those entities. In addition, John Muir holds deposit account control agreements for certain

bank accounts in the name of either CH East Bay Med. or CH East Bay Primary, but such accounts

are dormant

ii.
Stanford Debt

18.
Carbon Health South Bay Medical Group, P.C. (“CH South Bay Med.”), as

borrower, and Carbon Health South Bay Primary Care, P.C. (“CH South Bay Primary”), as

guarantor, and Stanford Health Care (“Stanford”), as lender, are party to a Delayed Draw Term

Loan Credit and Guaranty Agreement, dated May 23, 2022 (the “Stanford Credit Agreement”),

under which Stanford agreed to provide a $25,000,000 secured delayed draw term loan.

19.
The payment obligations of the Stanford Credit Agreement are guaranteed by CH

South Bay Primary and secured by a general all asset lien against both CH South Bay Med. and

CH South Bay Primary, all as set forth in that certain Security Agreement, dated May 23, 2022.

20.
As of the Petition Date, the outstanding principal obligations under the Stanford

Credit Agreement total approximately $3.8 million.

21.
Similarly, CH South Bay Med. and CH South Bay Primary do not operate any

primary care or urgent care clinics. As a result, those entities do not generate any revenues that

=== page 9 ===
Case 26-90306   Document 13   Filed in TXSB on 02/02/26   Page 9 of 29

could be the proceeds of Stanford’s collateral. Instead, the clinics that provide services to patients

in the South Bay of San Francisco are administered by Carbon Health Medical Group of California

or Carbon Health Primary Care of California, and Stanford does not have a security interest against

the assets of those entities. Stanford holds deposit account control agreements for an interest

reserve bank account. The Debtors are not intending to use such cash because it is subject to a

control agreement and located in a restricted account.

iii. 
Prime Health Debt

22. 
Carbon Health Alpha Medical Group of Florida, P.A., Carbon Health Alpha

Primary Care of Florida, P.A., Carbon Health Alpha Medical Group of California, P.C., Carbon

Health Alpha Primary Care of California, P.C., Carbon Health Alpha Medical Group of Kansas,

P.A., and Carbon Health Alpha Primary Care of Kansas, P.A. (collectively, the “Prime

Borrowers”) and Prime Healthcare Services, Inc. (“Prime”), as lender, are party to a Credit

Agreement, date October 20, 2021, as amended on May 29, 2024 (the “Prime Credit Agreement”),

under which Prime agreed to provide $1,250,000 for each healthcare clinic that is developed by

the Prime Borrowers.

23. 
The payment obligations under the Prime Credit Agreement are secured by a

general all asset lien against the Prime Borrowers, all as set forth in that certain Security

Agreement, dated October 19, 2021.

24. 
As of the Petition Date, the outstanding principal obligations under the Prime Credit

Agreement total approximately $7.6 million.

25. 
Like the others, the Prime Borrowers do not operate any primary care or urgent care

clinics.3  As a result, those entities do not generate any revenues that could be the proceeds of

3  
 The one clinic in Nevada that billed under one of the Prime Borrowers was closed in August 2024.

=== page 10 ===
Case 26-90306   Document 13   Filed in TXSB on 02/02/26   Page 10 of 29

Prime’s collateral. Instead, the clinics that provide services to patients are administered by Carbon

Health Medical Group of California or Carbon Health Primary Care of California, and Prime does

not have a security interest against the assets of those entities. In addition, Prime might hold deposit

account control agreements for certain bank accounts in the name of certain Prime Borrowers

Primary, but such accounts are dormant. In addition, Prime’s lien is not perfected because Prime

never recorded a UCC-1 statement.

D. 
Execution of Judgment Levy

26. 
Pursuant to that certain Writ of Garnishment, dated January 2, 2026, issued to SVB

by the Circuit Court in the Fifteenth Judicial Circuit in and for Palm Beach County, Florida Civil

Division, in favor of RPT Realty, L.P., a Delaware limited partnership (the “Judgment Creditor”)

and received by SVB on January 5, 2026, SVB froze the sum of approximately $1.9 million in a

bank account (the “Frozen Funds”) maintained in the name of Debtor CHT (the “Judgment Levy”).

The Judgment Creditor is a former landlord of certain Debtors.

27. 
On January 12, 2026, the Prepetition Agent delivered a letter to SVB (with a copy

to the Judgment Creditor) challenging the Judgment Levy on the basis that the Frozen Funds

constitute the prior existing collateral of the Prepetition Agent.

28. 
The Debtors also submit that the Judgment Levy was executed within the 90 days

prior to the Petition Date and such execution constitutes an avoidable preferential transfer. The

Debtors are prepared to bring an adversary proceeding against the Judgment Creditor in order to

avoid the Judgment Levy.

29. 
The Debtors therefore dispute that the Judgment Creditor has any valid or

enforceable lien against any of the Debtors’ assets and the Frozen Funds should be released. The

Prepetition Lenders have also asserted that their liens are senior to the Judgement Creditor as

proceeds of the Prepetition Lenders’ collateral.

=== page 11 ===
Case 26-90306   Document 13   Filed in TXSB on 02/02/26   Page 11 of 29

Proposed DIP Facility

30. 
As set forth in the First Day Declaration and the DIP Declarations, the Debtors have

limited liquidity to continue business in the ordinary course and satisfy accruing administrative

expenses. The Debtors require debtor-in-possession financing and use of Cash Collateral to fund

their proposed chapter 11 plan and sale process and ensure the administrative solvency of their

estates. Absent the funding available under the DIP Facility and immediate access to Cash

Collateral, the Debtors would be unable to sustain operations, pay their employees or vendors, or

achieve a successful restructuring through the chapter 11 process. Accordingly, the Debtors have

an urgent and immediate need for entry of the Interim Order as requested herein.

31. 
The Debtors negotiated with the DIP Lenders and the Prepetition Lenders to

develop a 13-week budget approved by such lenders, which sets forth, among other things,

projected cash receipts and cash disbursements (the “Approved Budget”), a copy of which is

attached as Annex 1 to the Interim Order. The Approved Budget induced the DIP Lenders to

commit to the DIP Facility and the Prepetition Lenders to consent to the use of Cash Collateral in

light of the Debtors’ circumstances. After good faith and arms’ length negotiations, the Debtors

and the DIP Lenders and the Prepetition Lenders ultimately agreed on the terms of the DIP Facility

and consensual use of Cash Collateral.

32. 
The Debtors believe that the financing available under DIP Facility, along with

consensual access to Cash Collateral, all in accordance with the projections in the Approved

Budget, will allow the Debtors to have adequate liquidity to satisfy their accruing administrative

expenses during the course of these chapter 11 cases while they pursue a value-maximizing chapter

11 plan and/or sale of their assets, and the Debtors believe that the terms of the proposed financing

are reasonable, appropriate, and consistent with market standards.

=== page 12 ===
Case 26-90306   Document 13   Filed in TXSB on 02/02/26   Page 12 of 29

A.
Financing Efforts

33.
The Debtors exercised their business judgment in the selection and negotiation of

the DIP Facility. Prior to the Petition Date, the Debtors’ advisors prepared a teaser describing the

DIP loan opportunity and approached various alternative funding sources. None of these potential

third party lenders were prepared to offer debtor-in-possession financing to the Debtors,

particularly on a junior basis to the existing Prepetition Secured Liens.

34.
The Debtors therefore engaged in good faith, arms-length negotiations with the DIP

Lenders and Prepetition Lenders regarding the proposed terms of the DIP Facility and use of Cash

Collateral.

35.
The proposed DIP Facility and the authorization to use Cash Collateral as offered

by the DIP Lenders and Prepetition Lenders are the best financing options that the Debtors could

obtain under the circumstances. Fully unsecured postpetition financing was not available to the

Debtors, and other potential sources of debtor-in-possession financing, including on a junior

secured basis, were also unavailable.

36.
The Debtors believe that it is essential to the success of their chapter 11 cases, and

the culmination of their plan and sale process, that the Debtors receive immediate authority to

access the DIP Facility and use Cash Collateral.

B.
Concise Statement Pursuant to
Complex Case Procedures and Bankruptcy Rule 4001

37.
In accordance with paragraph 8 of the Complex Case Procedures and Bankruptcy

Rule 4001(b), the proposed DIP Facility and Interim Order contain the following provisions:4

4
This statement is qualified in its entirety by reference to the applicable provisions of the DIP Loan Documents. 
To the extent there exists any inconsistency between this concise statement and the provisions of the DIP Loan 
Documents or the DIP Orders, the provisions of the DIP Loan Documents or the DIP Orders, as applicable, will 
control. Capitalized terms used but not defined in this section shall have the meanings ascribed to them in the 
Interim Order or the DIP Loan Documents, as applicable.

=== page 13 ===
Case 26-90306   Document 13   Filed in TXSB on 02/02/26   Page 13 of 29

Bankruptcy Code 
Summary of Material Terms

DIP Borrowers 
Bankruptcy Rule 
4001(c)(1)(B) 
Each of the Debtors.

Certain lenders from time to time party to the DIP Financing Agreement (collectively, 
the “Lenders” and each, a “Lender”).

DIP Lenders 
Bankruptcy Rule 
4001(c)(1)(B)

Future Solution Investments LLC, a Wyoming limited liability company, as 
administrative and collateral agent for the Lenders (in such capacities, the “Agent”).

DIP Agent 
Bankruptcy Rule 
4001(c)(1)(B)

Term  
Bankruptcy Rule 
4001(b)(l)(B)(iii),
4001(c)(1)(B)

Definition of “Maturity Date” in the DIP Financing Agreement means, in respect to 
the Loans and the other Obligations, the date which is the earliest of: 
(a) 
Thirty-five (35) days after the Petition Date, if the Final DIP Order has not 
been entered by the Bankruptcy Court on or prior to such date; 
(b) 
the effective date or the substantial consummation (as defined in Section 
1101(2) of the Bankruptcy Code) of any plan of reorganization or liquidation in the 
Chapter 11 Cases for the Borrowers, including any Carbon Health Plan; 
(c) 
the date on which the sale of all or substantially all of the Borrowers’ assets 
and/or Equity Interests, in one or more series of transactions, including any Carbon 
Health Sale(s), as the case may be, have been consummated under Section 363 of the 
Bankruptcy Code; 
(d) 
the date that is six (6) months from the date of the DIP Financing Agreement; 
and 
(e) 
such earlier date on which the Loans and the other Obligations for the payment 
of money shall become due and payable in accordance with the terms of the DIP 
Financing Agreement and the other Loan Documents.

DIP Commitments 
Bankruptcy Rule 
4001(c)(1)(B)

Delayed-draw term loans to the Borrowers (collectively, the “Term Loans” and each, 
a “Term Loan”) in the amount of such Lender’s Pro Rata share of Term Loans (not to 
exceed such Lender’s Term Loan Commitment in effect on the Interim Facility 
Effective Date or the Final Facility Effective Date, as applicable) as follows: 
(i) 
from and after the Interim Facility Effective Date up to the Maturity Date, a 
delayed-draw term loan in an aggregate original principal amount up to $9,000,000; 
and 
(ii) 
from and after the Final Facility Effective Date up to the Maturity Date, 
delayed-draw term loans in an aggregate original principal amount up to $19,500,000 
in accordance with, and subject to the timing set forth in, the Approved Budget.

As specified in Section 4 of the DIP Financing Agreement.

Conditions of 
Borrowing 
Bankruptcy Rule 
4001(c)(1)(B)

Interest Rate 
Bankruptcy Rule 
4001(c)(1)(B)

Definition of “Interest Rate” in the DIP Financing Agreement means for any day a per 
annum rate of interest equal to 11.5%. 
 
 
Upon the occurrence and during the continuation of an Event of Default under the DIP 
Financing Agreement, all Obligations, including principal, and unpaid Lender 
Expenses, shall bear interest at a rate per annum equal to the Interest Rate plus three 
percent (3%) per annum. Such default interest shall be payable on demand and in the 
event such interest is not paid when due hereunder, delinquent interest shall be added 
to principal and shall bear interest on interest, compounded at the Interest Rate.

=== page 14 ===
Case 26-90306   Document 13   Filed in TXSB on 02/02/26   Page 14 of 29

Bankruptcy Code 
Summary of Material Terms

To provide working capital and for other general corporate purposes of the Debtors, 
and to fund the administrative expenses of the Chapter 11 Cases, pursuant to the 
Approved Budget.

Use of DIP Facility and 
Cash Collateral 
Bankruptcy Rule 
4001(b)(1)(B)(ii)

FSI, as lender and agent, and the other lenders under the Prepetition Loan and Security 
Agreement and related documents, the obligations of which are the Prepetition Secured 
Obligations.

Entities with Interests 
in Cash Collateral 
Bankruptcy Rule 
4001(b)(l)(B)(i)

Fees 
Bankruptcy Rule 
4001(c)(1)(B) 
None.

Budget 
Bankruptcy Rule  
4001(c)(1)(B) 
The Initial DIP Budget is attached as Annex 1 to the Interim Order.

Section 7.1 of the DIP Financing Agreement provides for reporting and budgeting 
information.

Reporting Information 
Bankruptcy Rule 
4001(c)(l)(B)

Chapter 11 Milestones 
Bankruptcy Rule 
4001(c)(1)(B)

The DIP Financing Agreement lists the Milestones for events such as the entry of the 
order approving bid procedures for the sale(s) of the Borrowers’ assets and closing of 
such sale(s) and orders approving a disclosure statement and confirming a chapter 11 
plan.

Liens and Priorities 
Bankruptcy Rule 
4001(c)(l)(B)(i)

Section 2 of the Interim Order specifies the DIP Liens and the DIP Superpriority 
Claims granted for the benefit of the Lenders. 
 
The term “DIP Collateral” means all of each Borrower’s right, title, and interest in, to 
and under all such Borrower’s personal property and other assets, including, without 
limitation, the following whether now existing or hereafter acquired: (a) all contracts, 
contract rights, licenses, general intangibles, instruments, equipment, accounts, 
documents, goods, inventory, fixtures, documents, cash, cash equivalents, accounts 
receivables, chattel paper, letters of credit and letter of credit rights, investment 
property, (including, without limitation, all equity interests owned by such Borrower 
in its current and future subsidiaries), commercial tort claims, claims under insurance 
policies for the benefit of officers and directors, arbitration awards, money, insurance, 
receivables, receivables records, deposit accounts, collateral support, supporting 
obligations and instruments, fixtures, all interests in leaseholds and real properties, all 
patents, copyrights, trademarks, all trade names and other intellectual property 
(whether such intellectual property is registered in the United States or in any foreign 
jurisdiction), together with all books and records relating to the foregoing, all proceeds, 
and all products, accessions, rents and profits of or in respect of any of the foregoing 
(as such terms are defined in the Uniform Commercial Code as in effect from time to 
time in the State of New York), (b) all causes of actions under section 549 of the 
Bankruptcy Code to recover any postpetition transfer of the foregoing and any 
proceeds thereof, and (c) subject to entry of the Final Order, any proceeds or property 
recovered as a result of any claims and causes of action under sections 502(d), 544, 
545, 547, 548 and 550 of the Bankruptcy Code, or any other avoidance actions under 
the Bankruptcy Code (collectively, the “Avoidance Actions”), whether by judgment, 
settlement or otherwise (the “Avoidance Proceeds”); provided, however, that 
notwithstanding anything to the contrary in this Interim Order or the DIP Financing 
Agreement, the term “DIP Collateral” and any components thereof) shall exclude all

=== page 15 ===
Case 26-90306   Document 13   Filed in TXSB on 02/02/26   Page 15 of 29

Bankruptcy Code 
Summary of Material Terms

Excluded Assets (as defined in the DIP Financing Agreement) and shall not include 
Avoidance Actions themselves.

Carve Out 
Bankruptcy Rule 
4001(c)(1)(B) 
Section 2.6 of the Interim Order defines the Carve-Out.

Challenge Period 
Bankruptcy Rule 
4001(c)(l)(B)

Section 11.1 of the Interim Order sets forth a customary challenge period for any 
objection that seeks to challenge the existence, validity, perfection, enforceability, 
non-avoidability, priority, or amount of Prepetition Lien and Claim Matters.

Section 12 of the Interim Order sets forth the Adequate Protection Liens and the 
Adequate Protection Superpriority Claims granted as adequate protection to the 
Prepetition Secured Parties.

Adequate Protection 
Bankruptcy Rules 
4001(b)(l)(B)(iv), 
4001(c)(1)(B)(ii)

Events of Default 
Bankruptcy Rule 
4001(c)(l)(B) 
Section 9 of the DIP Financing Agreement defines and lists “Events of Default.”

Section 7.4 of the Interim Order contemplates that the automatic stay imposed by 
section 362(a) of the Bankruptcy Code will be modified, to the extent necessary, to 
implement and effectuate the terms and conditions of the Interim Order.

Waiver/Modification 
of the Automatic Stay 
Bankruptcy Rule 
4001(c)(1)(B)(iv)

Section 6.3 of the DIP Financing Agreement contemplates that the Borrowers 
indemnify and hold harmless the Agent and the Lenders.

Indemnification 
Bankruptcy Rule 
4001(c)(1)(B)(ix)

C. 
Statement Regarding Significant Provisions

38. 
In accordance with paragraph 8 of the Complex Case Procedures, the Debtors

disclose as follows:

(i) 
Plan Confirmation Milestone. The DIP Facility contemplates deadlines 
for entry of a Disclosure Statement Order and entry of a Sale Order or 
Confirmation Order.

(ii) 
DIP Roll-Up Obligations. The DIP Facility does not contemplate any 
roll-up obligations.

(iii) 
No-Cross Collateralization. The DIP Facility does not contemplate the 
cross-collateralization of prepetition obligations, except to the extent of 
any diminution in value.

(iv) 
Requirement that Postpetition Loans Be Used to Repay Prepetition 
Debt. The DIP Facility does not contemplate that DIP Obligations will 
be used to repay any prepetition obligations.

=== page 16 ===
Case 26-90306   Document 13   Filed in TXSB on 02/02/26   Page 16 of 29

(v) 
Liens on Proceeds of Avoidance Actions. The DIP Collateral includes 
proceeds of avoidance actions provided that an appropriate Final Order 
is entered.

(vi) 
Default Provisions and Remedies. Upon the occurrence and during the 
continuance of an Event of Default, (i) the Debtors shall be bound by all 
restrictions, prohibitions, and other terms as provided in the Interim 
Order and the DIP Loan Documents, (ii) the DIP Agent, on behalf of 
itself and the DIP Lenders, shall be entitled to take any act or exercise 
any right or remedy (subject to Section 7.4 of the Interim Order) as 
provided in the Interim Order or the DIP Loan Documents, and 
(iii) subject to Section 7.4 of the Interim Order, the Debtors’ right to use 
Cash Collateral shall thereupon and without further action of any kind 
terminate pending further order of the Court; provided, however, that 
none of the foregoing shall restrict the payment of the Carve-Out or 
post-petition accrued and unpaid payroll expenses to the extent set forth 
in the Budget as of the date of such Event of Default. The DIP Agent 
and the DIP Lenders shall have no obligation to lend or advance any 
additional funds to or on behalf of the Debtors, or to provide any other 
financial accommodations to the Debtors, immediately upon the 
occurrence of any act, event, or condition that, with the giving of notice 
or the passage of time, or both, would constitute an Event of Default, 
except to the extent to fund the Carve-Out and post-petition accrued and 
unpaid payroll expenses to the extent set forth in the Budget as of the 
date of such Event of Default.

(vii) 
Limitations on the Use of Cash Collateral. None of the proceeds of the 
Loans, portion of the Carve-Out, cash collateral, or other DIP Collateral 
proceeds may be used for any purpose prohibited by the Interim Order 
or the Final Order, as applicable, including to challenge, as opposed to 
investigate, the validity, perfection, priority, extent, or enforceability of 
the DIP Financing Agreement and any other Loan Documents, the 
Prepetition Loan Documents, or the liens or security interests securing 
the obligations under the DIP Financing Agreement and any other Loan 
Documents, the Prepetition Loan and Security Agreement, or any other 
Prepetition Loan Documents or to pursue any causes of action of any 
kind against the Agent, any Lender, the Prepetition Agent, or any 
Prepetition Lender solely in their respective capacities as agent or 
lenders under the DIP Financing Agreement and any other Loan 
Documents or the Prepetition Loan and Security Agreement and any 
other Prepetition Loan Documents, as applicable, or to object to or to 
oppose any action authorized under the DIP Financing Agreement or 
under the Interim Order and the Final Order, as applicable, and the 
Borrowers waive their right to challenge and investigate each of the 
foregoing. No more than $50,000 of any proceeds under the DIP 
Financing Agreement, any DIP Collateral (including cash collateral), or 
the Carve-Out may be used by any official committee of unsecured

=== page 17 ===
Case 26-90306   Document 13   Filed in TXSB on 02/02/26   Page 17 of 29

creditors appointed in these chapter 11 cases to investigate (but not to 
prosecute) the validity, perfection, priority, extent, or enforceability of 
the Prepetition Loan Documents or the liens or security interests 
securing the obligations under the Prepetition Loan Documents; 
provided that any party in interest with standing and requisite authority 
shall have the right to commence any action against the Prepetition 
Agent and/or the Prepetition Lenders within sixty (60) days from the 
date of formation of an official committee of unsecured creditors, as 
may be extended, in writing, by the Prepetition Agent in its sole 
discretion.

(viii) 
Priming Liens. The DIP Financing Agreement contemplates that the 
liens in favor of the DIP Facility shall be first and senior in priority to 
all other interests and liens of every kind, nature and description, 
whether created consensually or otherwise, including, without 
limitation, the Prepetition Secured Liens, liens or interests granted in 
favor of third parties in conjunction with section 363, 364 or any other 
section of the Bankruptcy Code or other applicable law, but subject only 
to the Carve-Out (as defined on the DIP Orders) and Permitted Prior 
Liens (as defined in the DIP Financing Agreement).

(ix) 
No Limitation on the Ability of Estate Fiduciaries to Fulfill their 
Duties. Except insofar as the Interim Order contains restrictions on the 
use of the Carve-Out, proceeds from the DIP Facility, and Cash 
Collateral as described above, there is no further limitation on the ability 
of estate fiduciaries to fulfill their duties.

D. 
Need for Financing and Use of Cash Collateral

39. 
As described herein, the Debtors have an immediate and critical need to use Cash

Collateral and obtain the DIP Facility to, among other things:  (a) pay the fees, costs, and expenses

incurred in connection with these chapter 11 cases, (b) fund any obligations benefitting from the

Carve-Out, (c) permit the orderly continuation of the operation of the Debtors’ businesses,

(d) maintain business relationships with patients, vendors, and suppliers, (e) make payroll, and

(f) satisfy other working capital and operational needs. The Debtors’ ability to maintain business

relationships with their patients, vendors, and suppliers requires the availability of working capital

from the DIP Facility and Cash Collateral, the absence of which would immediately and

irreparably harm the Debtors, their estates, and parties in interest. The Debtors do not have

=== page 18 ===
Case 26-90306   Document 13   Filed in TXSB on 02/02/26   Page 18 of 29

sufficient available sources of working capital and financing to operate their business in the

ordinary course throughout these chapter 11 cases without access to the DIP Facility and

authorized use of Cash Collateral. In the absence of the DIP Facility and the use of Cash Collateral,

the Debtors’ business and estates would suffer immediate and irreparable harm. Access to the DIP

Facility and Cash Collateral will provide the Debtors with sufficient working capital and liquidity

to operate during these chapter 11 cases and is vital to the continuation of the Debtors’ ongoing

chapter 11 plan and sale process. Without access to the DIP Facility and Cash Collateral, the

Debtors would run out of money and their ability to maintain operations and value will be

significantly impaired.

40. 
The Debtors are unable to obtain financing on more favorable terms from sources

other than the DIP Lenders and are unable to obtain adequate unsecured credit allowable under

section 503(b)(1) of the Bankruptcy Code as an administrative expense. The Debtors also are

unable to obtain secured credit allowable under sections 364(c)(1)–(3) of the Bankruptcy Code

without granting to the DIP Lenders the DIP Obligations, in each case subject to the Carve-Out to

the extent set forth herein, under the terms and conditions set forth in the Interim Order and the

DIP Loan Documents.

Basis for Relief

I. 
The Debtors Should Be Permitted to Obtain Postpetition 
Financing Pursuant to Section 364(c) of the Bankruptcy Code

41. 
Section 364(c) of the Bankruptcy Code requires a finding, made after notice and a

hearing, that a debtor seeking postpetition financing on a secured basis cannot “obtain unsecured

credit allowable under section 503(b)(l) of this title as an administrative expense.”  11 U.S.C.

§ 364(c).

=== page 19 ===
Case 26-90306   Document 13   Filed in TXSB on 02/02/26   Page 19 of 29

42. 
In evaluating proposed postpetition financing under section 364(c) of the

Bankruptcy Code, courts perform a qualitative analysis and generally consider similar factors,

including whether:

a. 
unencumbered credit or alternative financing without superpriority status is 
available to the debtor;

b. 
the credit transactions are necessary to preserve assets of the estate;

c. 
the terms of the credit agreement are fair, reasonable, and adequate;

d. 
the proposed financing agreement was negotiated in good faith and at arm’s 
length, and entry thereto is an exercise of sound and reasonable business 
judgment and in the best interests of the debtor’s estate and its creditors; 
and

e. 
the proposed financing agreement adequately protects the lender.

See, e.g., In re Aqua Assocs., 123 B.R. 192 (Bankr. E.D. Pa. 1991) (applying the first three factors

in making a determination under section 364(c)).

43. 
For the reasons discussed below, the Debtors satisfy the standards required to obtain

postpetition financing in these chapter 11 cases on a senior secured superpriority basis as to the

DIP Collateral under sections 364(c)(1), (c)(2), and (d)(1) of the Bankruptcy Code.

II. 
The Debtors are Unable to Obtain Financing on More Favorable Terms

44. 
As described herein and in the First Day Declaration and the DIP Declarations, the

Debtors have carefully considered their financing options, and no alternative higher or better viable

financing offers are available. The Debtors have thus determined that the DIP Facility provides the

Debtors with the best postpetition financing option available and should be approved.

45. 
The Debtors respectfully submit that their efforts to obtain postpetition financing

satisfy the standard required under section 364(c) of the Bankruptcy Code. See, e.g., In re Sky

Valley, Inc., 100 B.R. 107, 113 (Bankr. N.D. Ga. 1988) (finding that, where few lenders can or

=== page 20 ===
Case 26-90306   Document 13   Filed in TXSB on 02/02/26   Page 20 of 29

will extend the necessary credit to a debtor, “it would be unrealistic and unnecessary to require

[the debtor] to conduct such an exhaustive search for financing”).

III.
The Proposed DIP Facility is Necessary
to Maximize the Value of the Debtors’ Estates

46.
The Debtors seek to use the DIP Facility for general working capital purposes,

ordinary business expenses such as payroll, and bankruptcy-related costs and expenses, in

accordance with the Approved Budget, to maximize value through an orderly chapter 11 plan and

sale process. The DIP Facility represents the best economic alternative for a new debtor-in-

possession lending arrangement.

47.
Without immediate use of Cash Collateral and access to DIP Facility, the Debtors

cannot continue to operate their business, which would irreparably damage the Debtors’ efforts to

effectuate a chapter 11 plan and/or a sale for the benefit of all constituents. Accordingly, the

Debtors request authority to access the DIP Facility and use Cash Collateral on the terms

contemplated herein.

IV.
The Terms of the Proposed DIP Facility are Fair, Reasonable, and Appropriate

48.
In considering whether the terms of postpetition financing are fair and reasonable,

courts consider the terms in light of the relative circumstances of both the debtor and the potential

lender. In re Farmland Indus., Inc., 294 B.R. 855, 886 (Bankr. W.D. Mo. 2003); see also In re

Ellingsen MacLean Oil Co., 65 B.R. 358, 365 (W.D. Mich. 1986) (stating that debtors may have

to enter into hard bargains to acquire funds).

49.
The terms of the DIP Facility were negotiated in good faith and at arm’s length

between the Debtors, the DIP Lenders, and the Prepetition Lenders, resulting in an agreement that

is designed to permit the Debtors to maximize the value of their assets. The Debtors submit that

the proposed terms of the DIP Facility are fair, reasonable, and appropriate under the

=== page 21 ===
Case 26-90306   Document 13   Filed in TXSB on 02/02/26   Page 21 of 29

circumstances. See, e.g., In re Snowshoe Co., 789 F.2d 1085, 1088 (4th Cir. 1986) (stating that

section 364(d) of the Bankruptcy Code imposes no duty to seek credit from every possible lender);

In re W. Pac. Airlines, Inc., 223 B.R. 567 (Bankr. D. Colo. 1997) (authorizing postpetition

financing that would preserve the value of the debtor’s assets). Further, the DIP Lenders consent

to the DIP Facility on the terms set forth in the DIP Loan Documents, and the Prepetition Lenders

consent to the use of Cash Collateral. Accordingly, the terms of the DIP Facility represent an

appropriate exercise of the Debtors’ business judgment and should be approved.

V. 
The Carve-Out is Appropriate

50. 
The DIP Obligations, along with prepetition liens and claims, are subject and

subordinate to the Carve-Out, which contains similar terms to others that this Court has found to

be reasonable and necessary to ensure that a debtor’s estate and any statutory committee can retain

assistance from their advisors. Without the Carve-Out, the Debtors’ estates may be deprived of

possible rights and powers if the services for which professionals may be compensated are

restricted. See In re Ames Dep’t Stores, Inc., 115 B.R. 34, 38 (Bankr. S.D.N.Y. 1990) (observing

that courts insist on carve-outs for professionals representing parties in interest because “[a]bsent

such protection, the collective rights and expectations of all parties-in-interest are sorely

prejudiced”). Additionally, the Carve-Out protects against administrative insolvency during the

course of these cases by ensuring that assets remain for the payment of U.S. Trustee fees and

professional fees. Accordingly, the Carve-Out is appropriate and should be approved.

VI. 
The DIP Lenders Should Be Deemed Good Faith Lenders

51. 
Section 364(e) of the Bankruptcy Code protects a good faith lender’s right to collect

on loans extended to a debtor, and its right in any lien securing those loans, even if the authority

of the debtor to obtain such loans or grant such liens is later reversed or modified on appeal:

=== page 22 ===
Case 26-90306   Document 13   Filed in TXSB on 02/02/26   Page 22 of 29

The reversal or modification on appeal of an authorization under this 
section to obtain credit or incur debt, or of a grant under this section 
of a priority or a lien, does not affect the validity of any debt so 
incurred, or any priority or lien so granted, to an entity that extended 
such credit in good faith, whether or not such entity knew of the 
pendency of the appeal, unless such authorization and the incurring 
of such debt, or the granting of such priority or lien, were stayed 
pending appeal.

11 U.S.C. § 364(e).

52. 
The Debtors believe the DIP Facility embodies the most favorable terms on which

the Debtors could obtain postpetition financing. All negotiations of the terms of the DIP Facility

with the DIP Lenders were conducted in good faith and at arms’ length. The terms and conditions

of the DIP Loan Documents are fair and reasonable, and the proceeds of the DIP Facility will be

used only for purposes that are permissible under the Bankruptcy Code and in accordance with the

proposed DIP Orders and the DIP Loan Documents, including the Approved Budget. Any

consideration being provided to any of the DIP Lenders is described herein. Accordingly, the Court

should find that the DIP Lenders are “good faith” lenders within the meaning of section 364(e) of

the Bankruptcy Code and are entitled to all of the protections afforded thereby.

VII. 
The Proposed DIP Facility Reflects the Debtors’ Sound Business Judgment

53. 
A debtor’s decision to enter into a postpetition lending facility under section 364 of

the Bankruptcy Code is governed by the business judgment standard. See, e.g., In re N. Bay Gen.

Hosp., Inc., No. 08-20368 (Bankr. S.D. Tex. July 11, 2008) (approving postpetition financing on

an interim basis as an exercise of the debtors’ business judgment); In re L.A. Dodgers LLC,

457 B.R. 308, 313 (Bankr. D. Del. 2011) (“[C]ourts will almost always defer to the business

judgment of a debtor in the selection of the lender.”); In re Trans World Airlines, Inc., 163 B.R.

964, 974 (Bankr. D. Del. 1994) (approving a postpetition credit facility because such facility

“reflect[ed] sound and prudent business judgment”); In re Ames Dep’t Stores, Inc., 115 B.R. at 38

=== page 23 ===
Case 26-90306   Document 13   Filed in TXSB on 02/02/26   Page 23 of 29

(stating that financing decisions under section 364 of the Bankruptcy Code must reflect a debtor’s

business judgment).

54.
Bankruptcy courts routinely accept a debtor’s business judgment on many business

decisions, including the decision to borrow money. See, e.g., Grp. of Inst. Inv’rs v. Chicago, Mil.,

St. P. & Pac., 318 U.S. 523, 550 (1943) (holding that decisions regarding assumption or rejection

of leases are left to the debtor’s business judgment); In re Simasko Prod. Co., 47 B.R. 444, 449

(D. Colo. 1985) (“Business judgments should be left to the board room and not to this Court.”).

Further, as one court has noted, “[m]ore exacting scrutiny [of the debtors’ business decisions]

would slow the administration of the debtor’s estate and increase its cost, interfere with the

Bankruptcy Code’s provision for private control of administration of the estate, and threaten the

court’s ability to control a case impartially.”  Richmond Leasing Co. v. Capital Bank, N.A.,

762 F.2d 1303, 1311 (5th Cir. 1985).

55.
Bankruptcy courts generally defer to a debtor’s business judgment regarding the

need for and the proposed use of funds, unless such decision is arbitrary and capricious. See In re

Curlew Valley Assocs., 14 B.R. 506, 511–13 (Bankr. D. Utah 1981); see also Trans World Airlines,

Inc., 163 B.R. at 974 (approving an interim loan, receivables facility, and asset-based facility based

on the debtor’s prudent business judgment). Generally, courts will not second-guess a debtor’s

business decisions involving “a business judgment made in good faith, upon a reasonable basis,

and within the scope of his authority under the Code.”  Curlew Valley, 14 B.R. at 513–14.

56.
The Debtors believe that the economics underlying the DIP Facility are fair and

reasonable and are consistent with, or better than, market norms. For these reasons and those set

forth herein and in the First Day Declaration and the DIP Declarations, the Debtors’ exercise of

their business judgment supports approval of the DIP Facility. Use of Cash Collateral and access

=== page 24 ===
Case 26-90306   Document 13   Filed in TXSB on 02/02/26   Page 24 of 29

to the DIP Facility will allow the Debtors to continue to operate, thus maximizing value for all of

their constituents.

VIII. Section 363 of the Bankruptcy Code Authorizes the Debtors’ Use of Cash Collateral

57. 
Section 363(c) of the Bankruptcy Code provides that a debtor in possession may

not use cash collateral unless:  “(A) each entity that has an interest in such cash collateral consents;

or (B) the court, after notice and a hearing, authorizes such use . . . in accordance with the

provisions of this section.”  11 U.S.C. § 363(c)(2). Section 363(e) of the Bankruptcy Code provides

that, “on request of an entity that has an interest in property used . . . or proposed to be used . . . by

the [debtor in possession], the court . . . shall prohibit or condition such use . . . as is necessary to

provide adequate protection of such interest.”  11 U.S.C. § 363(e).

58. 
Neither section 361 nor any other provision of the Bankruptcy Code defines the

nature and extent of the “interest in property” of which a secured creditor is entitled to adequate

protection under section 361. However, the statute plainly provides that a qualifying interest

demands protection only to the extent that the use of the creditor’s collateral will result in a

decrease in “the value of such entity’s interest in such property.”  11 U.S.C. §§ 361, 363(e); see

also General Elec. Mortgage Corp. v. South Village, Inc. (In re South Village, Inc.), 25 B.R. 987,

989-90 & n.4 (Bankr. D. Utah 1982).

59. 
The phrase “value of such entity’s interest,” although not defined in the

Bankruptcy Code, was addressed by the Supreme Court in the landmark Timbers decision.  United

Savings Ass’n of Texas v. Timbers of Inwood Forest Assocs, Ltd., 484 U.S. 365, 108 S.Ct. 626

(1988). For the meaning of “value of such entity’s interest,” the Supreme Court was guided by

section 506(a), which defines a creditor’s allowed secured claim:  “The phrase ‘value of such

creditor’s interest’ in § 506(a) means ‘the value of the collateral.’  H.R. Rep. No. 950-595, pp. 181,

356 (1977); see also S. Rep. No. 95-989, p. 68 (1978), U.S. Code Cong. & Admin. News, 1978

=== page 25 ===
Case 26-90306   Document 13   Filed in TXSB on 02/02/26   Page 25 of 29

pp. 5787, 5854, 6141, 6312. We think the phrase ‘value of such entity’s interest’ in § 361(1) and

(2), when applied to secured creditors, means the same.”  Id. at 630 (emphasis added).

60. 
Timbers teaches that a secured creditor is entitled to “adequate protection” only

against diminution in the value of the collateral securing the creditor’s allowed secured claim.

Under Timbers, therefore, where the “value of the collateral” is not diminishing by its use, sale, or

lease, the creditor’s interest is adequately protected. This conclusion flows directly from the

equivalency of “value of such entity’s interests” with “value of the collateral.”

61. 
Here, the DIP Lenders and the Prepetition Lenders consent to the use of Cash

Collateral on the terms set forth in the Interim Order and to be set forth in the Final Order.

62. 
Bankruptcy Rule 4001(b) permits a court to approve a debtor’s request for use of

cash collateral during the 14-day period following the filing of a motion requesting authorization

to use cash collateral only as is “necessary to avoid immediate and irreparable harm to the estate

pending a final hearing.”  Fed. R. Bankr. P. 4001(b)(2). In examining requests for interim relief

under this rule, courts apply the same business judgment standard applicable to other business

decisions. See, e.g., In re Simasko Prod. Co., 47 B.R. at 449; In re Ames Dep’t Stores Inc., 115 B.R.

at 38. After the 14-day period, the request for use of cash collateral is not limited to those amounts

necessary to prevent harm to the debtor’s business.

63. 
In order to continue operating and satisfy accruing administrative expenses, the

Debtors require access to the DIP Facility and the use of Cash Collateral. Such use will provide

the Debtors with the necessary funds to remain administratively solvent while the Debtors pursue

a value-maximizing chapter 11 plan and/or sale of their assets.

64. 
Absent access to Cash Collateral, the Debtors would face immediate and irreparable

harm. The Debtors would likely be forced to cease operations and convert these chapter 11 cases

=== page 26 ===
Case 26-90306   Document 13   Filed in TXSB on 02/02/26   Page 26 of 29

to cases under chapter 7 of the Bankruptcy Code, leading to substantial destruction of value.

Therefore, immediate access to Cash Collateral is essential to the Debtors’ ability to maximize

value for the benefit of all constituents.

IX.
The Automatic Stay Should Be Modified on a Limited Basis

65.
The proposed Interim Order provides that the automatic stay provisions of section

362 of the Bankruptcy Code will be modified to allow the DIP Agent, on behalf of itself and the

DIP Lenders, among other things, to file any financing statements, security agreements, notices of

liens, and other similar instruments and documents in order to validate and perfect the liens and

security interests granted to them under the Interim Order. The proposed Interim Order further

provides that the automatic stay is modified as necessary to permit the Debtors to grant liens to the

DIP Agent, on behalf of itself and the DIP Lenders, and the Prepetition Agent, on behalf of itself

and the Prepetition Lenders, and to incur all liabilities and obligations set forth in the Interim

Order. The automatic stay should be modified to allow the Debtors, the DIP Agent and the DIP

Lenders to effectuate the terms of the Interim Order.

Approval of Interim Relief

66.
Bankruptcy Rules 4001(b)(2) and 4001(c)(2) provide that a final hearing on a

motion to use cash collateral or obtain credit, respectively, may not be commenced earlier than

14 days after the service of such motion. However, upon request the Court may conduct a

preliminary expedited hearing on the motion and authorize the use of cash collateral and the

obtaining of credit on an interim basis “to the extent necessary to avoid immediate and irreparable

harm to the estate pending a final hearing.”  Fed. R. Bankr. P. 4001(b)(2), (c)(2). Section 363(c)(3)

of the Bankruptcy Code authorizes the Court to conduct a preliminary hearing and to authorize the

use of cash collateral “if there is a reasonable likelihood that the [debtor] will prevail at the final

hearing under [section 363(e) of the Bankruptcy Code].”  11 U.S.C. § 363(c)(3). Moreover, the

=== page 27 ===
Case 26-90306   Document 13   Filed in TXSB on 02/02/26   Page 27 of 29

Complex Case Procedures provide that on motion by a debtor, a hearing will “routinely be

conducted as a first-day hearing to consider either cash collateral use and/or interim debtor-in-

possession financing.”  Complex Case Procedures ¶ 5.

67. 
The Debtors require immediate access to the DIP Facility and Cash Collateral to,

among other things, avoid disruption to the Debtors’ businesses and to the operation and

maintenance of the Debtors’ properties, maintain ordinary-course relationships with patients,

vendors, and suppliers, support orderly case administration, allow the Debtors to meet their

working capital needs in the ordinary course, communicate a solid financial position despite these

chapter 11 cases, and pay the fees and expenses of administering these chapter 11 cases. Given the

immediate and irreparable harm to be suffered by the Debtors, their estates, and their creditors

absent interim relief, the Debtors request that, pending the Final Hearing, the Court schedule an

interim hearing within one day of the Petition Date or as soon thereafter as practicable to consider

the interim relief requested in this Motion.

Request for a Final Hearing

68. 
Pursuant to Bankruptcy Rules 4001(b)(2) and 4001(c)(2), the Debtors request that

the Court set a date for the Final Hearing within thirty-five (35) days following entry of the Interim

Order and fix the time and date before the Final Hearing for parties to file objections to this Motion.

Emergency Consideration

69. 
The Debtors respectfully request emergency consideration of this Motion pursuant

to Bankruptcy Rule 6003 and Local Rule 9013-1, which authorize the Court to grant relief within

the first 21 days after the commencement of a chapter 11 case to the extent that relief is necessary

to avoid immediate and irreparable harm. As described herein and in the First Day Declaration and

the DIP Declarations, immediate and irreparable harm would result if the relief requested herein

=== page 28 ===
Case 26-90306   Document 13   Filed in TXSB on 02/02/26   Page 28 of 29

is not granted. Accordingly, the Debtors submit that the requirements of Bankruptcy Rule 6003

are satisfied.

Waiver of Bankruptcy Rule 6004(a) and 6004(h)

70. 
To implement the foregoing successfully, the Debtors request that the Court enter

an order providing that notice of the relief requested herein satisfies Bankruptcy Rule 6004(a) and

that the Debtors have established cause to exclude such relief from the 14-day stay period under

Bankruptcy Rule 6004(h).

Notice

71. 
Notice of the hearing on the relief requested in this Motion will be provided by the

Debtors in accordance and compliance with the Bankruptcy Rules and Local Rules. The Debtors

will provide notice of this Motion to the following parties, or their counsel if known:  (a) the

U.S. Trustee for the Southern District of Texas; (b) the holders of the 30 largest unsecured claims

against the Debtors (on a consolidated basis); (c) the parties holding secured claims against the

Debtors; (d) the United States Attorney’s Office for the Southern District of Texas; (e) the Internal

Revenue Service; (f) the state attorneys general for states in which the Debtors conduct business;

(g) governmental agencies having a regulatory or statutory interest in these cases; (h) the DIP

Lenders; (i) the Prepetition Secured Parties; and (j) any party that has requested notice pursuant to

Bankruptcy Rule 2002 and Local Rule 9013-1(d). No other or further notice is needed in light of

the nature of the relief requested.

[Remainder of Page Intentionally Left Blank]

=== page 29 ===
Case 26-90306   Document 13   Filed in TXSB on 02/02/26   Page 29 of 29

No Prior Request

72.
No prior request for the relief sought herein has been made to this Court or any

other court.

WHEREFORE, the Debtors respectfully request entry of the Interim Order and, after the

Final Hearing, the Final Order, granting the relief requested herein and such other relief as the

Court deems just and proper.

Dated: February 2, 2026 
PACHULSKI STANG ZIEHL & JONES LLP

/s/ Maxim B. Litvak 
Maxim B. Litvak (SBT 24002482) 
Theodore S. Heckel (SBT 24133488) 
700 Louisiana Street, Suite 4500 
Houston, TX 77002 
Telephone: (713) 691-9385 
Facsimile:  (713) 691-9407 
mlitvak@pszjlaw.com 
theckel@pszjlaw.com

-and-

Debra I. Grassgreen (pro hac vice pending) 
John W. Lucas (pro hac vice pending) 
One Sansome Street, 34th Floor, Suite 3430 
San Francisco, CA 94104 
Telephone: (415) 263-7000 
Facsimile:  (415) 263-7010 
dgrassgreen@pszjlaw.com 
jlucas@pszjlaw.com

Proposed Counsel to the Debtors and Debtors in 
Possession

Certificate of Service

I certify that on February 2, 2026 I caused a copy of the foregoing document to be served 
via the Electronic Case Filing System for the United States Bankruptcy Court for the Southern 
District of Texas.

/s/ Maxim B. Litvak 
Maxim B. Litvak

