=== page 1 ===
ACTIVE 704896970 
IN THE UNITED STATES BANKRUPTCY COURT 
NORTHERN DISTRICT OF GEORGIA 
NEWNAN DIVISION 
In re: 
AFH AIR PROS, LLC, et al.,1 
 
Debtors. 
 
Chapter 11 
 
Case No. 25-10356 (PMB) 
 
(Jointly Administered) 
 
DECLARATION OF ANDREW D.J. HEDE IN SUPPORT OF 
CHAPTER 11 PETITIONS AND FIRST DAY PLEADINGS 
I, Andrew D.J. Hede, pursuant to 28 U.S.C. § 1746 and under penalty of perjury, declare 
the following to the best of my knowledge, information, and belief: 
1. 
I am a Senior Managing Director of Accordion Partners, LLC (“Accordion”) and 
Head of Accordion’s Turnaround & Restructuring Practice. I have over 30 years of financial and 
operational transformation and restructuring experience in both the United States and Australia. I 
specialize in advising companies, creditors, and equity sponsors in distressed and non-distressed 
situations, focusing on financial and operational reviews, liquidity management, performance 
improvement, business and asset divestment, business plan preparation and review, 
recapitalization strategies, and negotiation of reorganization plans. I have regularly served in an 
interim management capacity, including as Chief Executive Officer, President, Chief 
Restructuring Officer, and Chief Transformation Officer. My experience covers a broad range of 
 
1  The last four digits of AFH Air Pros, LLC’s tax identification number are 1228. Due to the large number of debtor 
entities in these chapter 11 cases, a complete list of the debtor entities and the last four digits of their federal tax 
identification numbers is not provided herein. A complete list of such information may be obtained on the website of 
the proposed claims and noticing agent at https://www.veritaglobal.net/AirPros. The mailing address for the debtor 
entities for purposes of these chapter 11 cases is:  150 S. Pine Island Road, Plantation, Florida 33020. 
Case 25-10356-pmb    Doc 8    Filed 03/16/25    Entered 03/16/25 19:54:50    Desc Main
Document      Page 1 of 23

=== page 2 ===
2 
ACTIVE 704896970 
sectors with extensive experience in consumer products and retail, real estate and construction, 
media and telecom, and transportation and distribution. 
2. 
Accordion has been retained by the above-captioned debtors and debtors in 
possession (collectively, “Air Pros”, the “Company” or the “Debtors”) as financial advisors since 
March 2024. In addition, I have been retained to serve as the Chief Restructuring Officer (“CRO”) 
of the Debtors in the above-captioned chapter 11 cases (the “Chapter 11 Cases”) beginning in 
September 2024. I am authorized to submit this declaration on behalf of the Debtors. 
3. 
Based on my review of public and non-public documents and my discussions with, 
and information provided by, other members of the Debtors’ management team, employees, 
agents, and advisors, and certain members of my engagement team, I am generally familiar with 
the Debtors’ business, financial condition, policies and procedures, day-to-day operations, and 
books and records. Except as otherwise noted, I have personal knowledge of the matters set forth 
herein or have gained knowledge of such matters from other members of my engagement team or 
from the Debtors’ employees, agents, attorneys, and advisors, the accuracy and completeness of 
which information I relied upon to provide this declaration. If called upon to testify, I would testify 
competently to the facts set forth in this declaration. 
4. 
On the date hereof (the “Petition Date”), each of the Debtors filed a voluntary 
petition for relief under chapter 11 of title 11 of the United States Code, 11 U.S.C. §§ 101 et seq. 
(the “Bankruptcy Code”), in the United States Bankruptcy Court for the Northern District of 
Georgia (the “Court”), thereby commencing the Chapter 11 Cases. The Debtors will continue in 
possession of their properties and will operate and manage their businesses as debtors in possession 
pursuant to sections 1107(a) and 1108 of the Bankruptcy Code. 
Case 25-10356-pmb    Doc 8    Filed 03/16/25    Entered 03/16/25 19:54:50    Desc Main
Document      Page 2 of 23

=== page 3 ===
3 
ACTIVE 704896970 
5. 
I submit this First Day Declaration on behalf of the Debtors in support of the 
Debtors’ (i) voluntary petitions for relief that were filed under chapter 11 of the Bankruptcy Code 
and (ii) “first day” pleadings, which are being filed concurrently herewith (collectively, the “First 
Day Pleadings”).2 The Debtors seek the relief set forth in the First Day Pleadings to minimize the 
adverse effects of the commencement of the Chapter 11 Cases on business operations and to 
maximize the value of their assets. I have reviewed the Debtors’ petitions and the First Day 
Pleadings and it is my belief that the relief sought therein is essential to ensure the uninterrupted 
operation of the Debtors’ business and to successfully maximize the value of the Debtors’ estates. 
6. 
To familiarize the Court with the Debtors, their business units, the circumstances 
leading up to these Chapter 11 Cases, and the relief the Debtors seek in the First Day Pleadings, 
this declaration is organized as follows: 
• Part I provides an overview of the Debtors’ corporate history, corporate structure, 
and business units; 
• Part II describes the Debtors’ prepetition secured credit facility; 
• Part III describes the Debtors’ prepetition unsecured debt; 
• Part IV describes the events leading up to the filing of these Chapter 11 Cases; and 
• Part V provides evidentiary support for the First Day Pleadings. 
I. 
THE DEBTORS’ BUSINESS, HISTORY, AND CORPORATE STRUCTURE 
A. Overview of the Debtors’ Business 
7. 
Air Pros is a professional home services provider offering a wide range of solutions 
for residential and commercial clients, specializing in HVAC (heating, ventilation, and air 
conditioning) installation, repair, maintenance, and air quality solutions, ensuring optimal comfort 
 
2  Capitalized terms used but not otherwise defined herein have the meanings ascribed to such terms in the applicable 
First Day Pleadings. 
Case 25-10356-pmb    Doc 8    Filed 03/16/25    Entered 03/16/25 19:54:50    Desc Main
Document      Page 3 of 23

=== page 4 ===
4 
ACTIVE 704896970 
and efficiency for its customers. Certain of the Debtors’ business units and locations offer 
additional services that complement the HVAC business, including plumbing and electrical 
services, as well as home warranties. 
8. 
Air Pros was founded in 2017 in Fort Lauderdale, Florida, by Anthony Perera, with 
a mission to deliver high-quality, affordable, and reliable HVAC services. Starting with a single 
vehicle and two employees, Air Pros has grown to over 600 vehicles, more than 700 employees, 
and hundreds of thousands of customers across eight states – Florida, Georgia, Alabama, 
Mississippi, Louisiana, Texas, Colorado, and Washington, establishing Air Pros and its affiliated 
business units as a well-known name in the industry. The Debtors’ teams of licensed and trained 
technicians are available for routine maintenance, emergency repairs, system upgrades, and 
complete system replacement, ensuring customers receive reliable and timely service. 
B. Operational Structure 
9. 
The Debtors began with the formation of Air Pros, LLC in Fort Lauderdale in 2017. 
Since their founding, the Debtors have expanded their business through a series of acquisitions in 
Florida, Georgia, Louisiana, Washington, Colorado, and Texas. The Debtors operate through a 
network of nine business units, which has allowed the company to expand its footprint across the 
country and provide localized services in various regions. By partnering with or acquiring 
established HVAC and home service businesses (as discussed below), the Debtors retain local 
expertise while also providing corporate resources and standards of service. This strategy enabled 
the company to maintain a balance of community-focused operations and broad industry 
capabilities. 
10. 
An overview of the history and operations of each of the Debtors’ business units is 
set forth in the following table. 
Case 25-10356-pmb    Doc 8    Filed 03/16/25    Entered 03/16/25 19:54:50    Desc Main
Document      Page 4 of 23

=== page 5 ===
5 
ACTIVE 704896970 
Business Unit 
History and Overview of Operations 
Air Pros (Legacy)
 
Service Areas. The original Air Pros business (“Air Pros (Legacy)”) 
serves the Florida market and operates across seven offices, including 
Davie, Boca, Orlando, Fort Meyers, Tampa, and Ocala. The Air Pros 
(Legacy) business unit also includes the “Personalized Power and Air” 
and “Personalized Power Systems” brand in Boca Raton, Florida; the 
“Jack Rabbit Air Conditioning” brand in Tampa, Florida; and the “Drain 
Genie” brand in Miami, Florida. 
Services. Air Pros (Legacy) provides installation, maintenance, and 
repair services, with a focus on HVAC. HVAC services comprise more 
than 75% of the business. The Boca Raton location also provides 
electrical services and residential generator solutions, including 
installation, repair, and maintenance. 
Call Center. All locations under the Air Pros (Legacy) business unit, 
other than Boca Raton, utilize a call center in Orlando to manage the 
customer experience and interactions. 
Founding and Acquisitions. The Air Pros (Legacy) business unit is the 
founding business unit of the Debtors, which began in 2017 in Fort 
Lauderdale, Florida. Air Pros (Legacy) subsequently expanded its 
operations by opening additional locations and by acquiring the assets 
of Florida-based HVAC businesses, including (a) Blue Star Heating & 
Air, LLC (August 2019), (b) Louis Bruno, LLC (December 2019), 
(c) Promaster Air Conditioning, LLC (March 2020), (d) A&D Electrical 
& HVAC-R (March 2020), (e) Summers Heating and Cooling, Inc. 
(May 2020), and (f) Universal Restoration, Inc. (October 2022). 
Case 25-10356-pmb    Doc 8    Filed 03/16/25    Entered 03/16/25 19:54:50    Desc Main
Document      Page 5 of 23

=== page 6 ===
6 
ACTIVE 704896970 
Business Unit 
History and Overview of Operations 
One Source  
Home Service 
 
Service Areas. One Source Home Service (“One Source”) is based in 
Colorado Springs, Colorado and serves Colorado Springs, Pueblo, and 
surrounding areas.  
Services. One Source specializes in HVAC services, which comprises 
approximately 85% of the business, as well as plumbing and electrical 
services. 
Call Center. One Source utilizes a local call center to support operations 
and enhance customer experience. 
Founding and Acquisitions. One Source was founded in 2012 and 
acquired by the Debtors in September 2020 through the acquisition of 
the assets of One Source Home Services, LLC. The Debtors previously 
acquired the assets of Climate Solutions, Co. in January 2020 and 
operated in Colorado under Air Pros Colorado. After acquiring One 
Source, all of the Debtors’ business in Colorado is conducted under One 
Source. 
Hansen Super Techs 
 
Service Areas. Hansen Super Techs (“Hansen”) is based in Mobile, 
Alabama and serves the surrounding Gulf Coast areas of Alabama, 
Mississippi, and Florida. 
Services. Hansen specializes in HVAC services, which comprises 
approximately 75% of the business, as well as plumbing and electrical 
services. 
Call Center. Hansen utilizes a local call center to support operations and 
enhance customer experience. 
Founding and Acquisitions. Hansen was founded in 2006 and acquired 
by the Debtors in November 2021 through the acquisition of the assets 
of C&P Hansen Heating and Cooling, Inc. 
Doug’s Service 
Company 
 
Service Areas. Doug’s Service (“Doug’s”) is based in Houma, Louisiana 
serving Thibodaux, Houma, and surrounding areas. 
Services. Doug’s provides HVAC, electrical, and plumbing services, 
with HVAC accounting for approximately 62% of the business. 
Call Center. Doug’s utilizes a regional call center to support operations 
and enhance customer experience. 
Founding and Acquisitions. Doug’s was founded in 1988 and acquired 
by the Debtors in February 2022 through the acquisition of the assets of 
Doug’s Service Company. 
Case 25-10356-pmb    Doc 8    Filed 03/16/25    Entered 03/16/25 19:54:50    Desc Main
Document      Page 6 of 23

=== page 7 ===
7 
ACTIVE 704896970 
Business Unit 
History and Overview of Operations 
Air Force  
Heating & Air 
 
Service Areas. Air Force Heating and Air (“Air Force”), operated 
through AFH Air Pros, LLC, is based in LaGrange, Georgia with six 
locations across LaGrange, Columbus, and Marietta, Georgia as well as 
Auburn and Opelika, Alabama. Approximately 68% of the Air Force 
business is attributable to the main office at 100 Corporate Park E. Drive, 
LaGrange, Georgia, which is the principal place of business for AFH Air 
Pros, LLC. 
Services. Air Force offers a mix of HVAC and plumbing services, with 
HVAC services accounting for approximately 92% of the business. 
Call Center. Air Force utilizes a regional call center to support 
operations and enhance customer experience. 
Founding and Acquisitions. Air Force was founded in 2000 and acquired 
by the Debtors in July 2022 through the acquisition of the assets of 
LaGrange Airforce Heating and Air, LLC and West Georgia Indoor 
Comfort, LLC. 
Dallas Plumbing & 
Air Conditioning 
 
Service Areas. Dallas Plumbing and Air Conditioning (“Dallas 
Plumbing”) is based in Dallas, Texas and provides services to the Dallas-
Fort Worth region and throughout the North Texas area.  
Services. Dallas Plumbing provides both HVAC and plumbing services, 
with each comprising approximately 50% of the business. 
Call Center. Dallas Plumbing utilizes the Orlando call center to support 
operations and enhance customer experience. 
Founding and Acquisitions. Dallas Plumbing was founded in 1903 and 
acquired by the Debtors in July 2022 through the acquisition of the assets 
of Dallas Plumbing Company. 
Dream Team  
Heating & Air 
 
Service Areas. Dream Team Heating & Air (“Dream Team”) is based in 
in Denham Springs, Louisiana and serves Baton Rouge and surrounding 
areas. 
Services. Dream Team offers HVAC and electrical services, with HVAC 
accounting for approximately 92% of the business. 
Call Center. Dream Team utilizes a regional call center to support 
operations and enhance customer experience. 
Founding and Acquisitions. Dream Team was founded in 2019 and 
acquired by the Debtors in July 2022. 
Case 25-10356-pmb    Doc 8    Filed 03/16/25    Entered 03/16/25 19:54:50    Desc Main
Document      Page 7 of 23

=== page 8 ===
8 
ACTIVE 704896970 
Business Unit 
History and Overview of Operations 
CM Heating & 
Cooling 
 
Service Areas. CM Heating & Cooling (“CM”) is based in Everett, 
Washington and serves the greater Everett area, extending to the 
perimeter of Seattle, from its main office in Everett, Washington and 
additional locations in Lynwood, Washington and Vernon, Washington. 
Services. CM offers installation and maintenance services for HVAC, 
plumbing, and electrical, with HVAC comprising approximately 85% of 
the business. 
Call Center. CM utilizes a local call center to support operations and 
enhance customer experience. 
Founding and Acquisitions. CM was founded in 1983 and acquired by 
the Debtors in August 2022 through the acquisition of the assets of C.M. 
Heating Inc. 
East Coast Mechanical 
Air Conditioning & 
Plumbing 
 
Service Areas. East Coast Mechanical (“ECM”) has one location in 
Boynton Beach, Florida from which it serves the South Florida area, 
including Palm Beach County, Broward County, Martin County, and St. 
Lucie County. 
Services. ECM’s focus is on HVAC installation, repair, and 
maintenance, which accounts for approximately 59% of ECM’s 
business. ECM also offers whole home warranties to consumers under 
its Home Services Program, which accounts for approximately 30–40% 
of ECM’s business.3 
Call Center. ECM utilizes a local call center to support operations and 
enhance customer experience. 
Founding and Acquisitions. ECM was founded in 1985 and acquired by 
the Debtors in December 2022 through the acquisition of 100% of the 
membership interests in East Coast Mechanical, LLC. 
 
3  Additional information regarding the ECM Home Services Program is set forth in the Motion of the Debtors For 
Entry of an Order Authorizing the Debtors to Honor Prepetition Obligations to Customers and Otherwise Continue 
Customer Programs in The Ordinary Course of Business, filed contemporaneously herewith. 
Case 25-10356-pmb    Doc 8    Filed 03/16/25    Entered 03/16/25 19:54:50    Desc Main
Document      Page 8 of 23

=== page 9 ===
9 
ACTIVE 704896970 
C. Corporate Structure 
11. 
Air Pros Solutions Holdings, LLC (“Holdings”), the Debtors’ ultimate parent 
company, owns 100% of the membership interests in Air Pros Solutions, LLC (“Solutions”), which 
is also a Delaware limited liability company. Solutions, in turn, owns 100% of the membership 
interests in each of the Debtors’ subsidiary affiliates, except for Air Pros Washington, LLP (“AP 
Washington”), which is a limited liability partnership in which Solutions is the 99.9% partner and 
Air Pros, LLC is a .1% partner. 
12. 
In addition, all the subsidiaries of Solutions that are limited liability companies are 
member-managed LLCs with the exceptions of Air Pros West, LLC (“AP West”) and Air Pros 
Texas LLC (“AP Texas”), which are manager-managed. Although AP West and AP Texas are 
manager-managed, Solutions is the sole manager of each. Additionally, Solutions is the 
Administrative Partner of AP Washington. 
13. 
As set forth in the Corporate Disclosure Statement and List of Equity Holders for 
Holdings, the Debtors’ ultimate parent entity, the membership interests in Holdings are owned and 
controlled as follows: 
Member of Holdings 
Membership 
Interest 
Capital Finance Opportunities 1901C, LLC 
9.74% 
C.M. Heating Inc. 
3.40% 
West Georgia Indoor Comfort, LLC 
0.88% 
C&P Hansen Heating and Cooling, Inc. 
8.50% 
AKAA Family, LLLP 
75.19% 
Doug’s Service Company 
1.07% 
Robert Daniel Blalock 
0.73% 
Dream Team Services, LLC 
0.26% 
Universal Restoration, Inc. 
0.23% 
TOTAL 
100.00% 
Case 25-10356-pmb    Doc 8    Filed 03/16/25    Entered 03/16/25 19:54:50    Desc Main
Document      Page 9 of 23

=== page 10 ===
10 
ACTIVE 704896970 
14. 
The corporate organizational structure of the Debtors, including the jurisdiction of 
formation of each Debtor and their respective members and managers, as applicable, is depicted 
on the chart attached hereto as Exhibit A. 
D. Corporate Governance and Management 
15. 
The Debtors have a centralized corporate office located in Plantation, Florida that 
houses its accounting, billing and collections, corporate compliance, information technology, 
legal, and centralized marketing functions. In addition, each business unit has a general manager 
responsible for overseeing the operations of their respective business unit. 
16. 
In March 2022, the Debtors’ founder and then-CEO, Anthony Perera, transitioned 
to the role of Chief Growth Officer, overseeing the Company’s strategy and operations 
management teams to facilitate market expansion and sales goals, including a focus on growth and 
acquisition strategies. As of the Petition Date, the day-to-day operations of the Company are 
overseen by the Chief Operating Officer, Brian Smith. 
17. 
As described in greater detail in Section III herein, in January 2024, Lawrence Hirsh 
was appointed as an independent manager on the board of managers of Solutions effective as of 
January 31, 2024. As of the Petition Date, Mr. Hirsh is the sole manager of Solutions and Holdings. 
II. 
PREPETITION SECURED CREDIT FACILITY 
18. 
As discussed more fully below, as of the Petition Date, the Debtors were indebted 
to the Prepetition Secured Parties (as defined below) in an amount not less than $250,394,360.17, 
including principal, accrued and unpaid interest, and certain fees owing under the Prepetition Loan 
Documents, but excluding certain other fees, expenses and other amounts owing under the 
Prepetition Loan Documents. 
19. 
Pursuant to that certain Credit Agreement, dated as of October 31, 2022 (as 
amended, restated, supplemented or otherwise modified from time to time prior to the Petition 
Case 25-10356-pmb    Doc 8    Filed 03/16/25    Entered 03/16/25 19:54:50    Desc Main
Document      Page 10 of 23

=== page 11 ===
11 
ACTIVE 704896970 
Date, the “Prepetition Credit Agreement” and, collectively with any other agreements executed or 
delivered in connection therewith, and all other “Loan Documents” as defined therein, each as may 
be amended, restated, supplemented, or otherwise modified from time to time, the “Prepetition 
Loan Documents”), among Air Pros Solutions Holdings, LLC (“Holdings”), Air Pros Solutions, 
LLC (“Borrower”) and the Subsidiary Guarantors (as defined in the Prepetition Credit Agreement, 
together with Holdings and the Borrower, the “Prepetition Loan Parties”), the Lenders (as defined 
in the Prepetition Credit Agreement, the “Prepetition Lenders”), and Alter Domus (US) LLC, as 
disbursing agent and collateral agent (in such capacity, the “Prepetition Agent” and, together with 
the Prepetition Lenders, the “Prepetition Secured Parties”), the Prepetition Lenders agreed to 
extend certain loans and make other financial accommodations to the Prepetition Loan Parties.  
The Prepetition Credit Agreement provides for a senior secured term loan facility with an 
aggregate outstanding principal balance, as of the Petition Date, of  approximately $196,906,883 
million (the “Prepetition Term Loan Facility”) and a revolving credit facility with an aggregate 
outstanding principal balance, as of the Petition Date, of approximately $23.5 million (the 
“Prepetition Revolving Facility”, and together with the Prepetition Term Loan Facility, the 
“Prepetition Credit Facility”).  The Prepetition Revolving Facility includes an additional $11 
million of prepetition revolving loans funded under that certain Second Amendment to Credit 
Agreement, dated as of November 25, 2024, and a further $2.5 million of prepetition revolving 
loans funded during the week leading up the Petition Date under that certain Third Amendment to 
Credit Agreement, dated as of March 13, 2025 (such additional financing, the “Prepetition Bridge 
Financing”). All liabilities and other obligations of the Debtors arising under the Prepetition Loan 
Documents and applicable law and all other “Obligations” (as defined in the Prepetition Credit 
Agreement) shall collectively be referred to herein as the “Prepetition Obligations”. As of the 
Case 25-10356-pmb    Doc 8    Filed 03/16/25    Entered 03/16/25 19:54:50    Desc Main
Document      Page 11 of 23

=== page 12 ===
12 
ACTIVE 704896970 
Petition Date, the Prepetition Obligations were not less than approximately $250,394,360, 
including principal, accrued and unpaid interest and certain additional fees due under the 
Prepetition Loan Documents, but excluding certain other fees and expenses (including reasonable 
attorneys’, accountants’, appraisers’, and financial advisors’ fees and expenses that are chargeable 
or reimbursable under the Prepetition Loan Documents) and other amounts then due under the 
Prepetition Loan Documents and applicable law.   
20. 
Pursuant to that certain Guarantee and Collateral Agreement dated as of October 
31, 2022 (the “Prepetition Guarantee and Collateral Agreement”) and other Security Documents 
(as defined in the Prepetition Credit Agreement, and as amended, restated, supplemented or 
otherwise modified from time to time prior to the Petition Date, the “Prepetition Security 
Documents”), by and among each of the Prepetition Loan Parties and the Prepetition Agent, each 
Prepetition Loan Party granted to the Prepetition Agent, in its capacity as collateral agent, for the 
benefit of itself and the other Prepetition Secured Parties, to secure the Prepetition Obligations, a 
security interest in and continuing lien (the “Prepetition Liens”) on substantially all of the 
Prepetition Loan Parties’ assets and properties (including Cash Collateral).  All “Collateral,” as 
defined in the Prepetition Credit Agreement, granted or pledged by the Prepetition Loan Parties 
pursuant to any Prepetition Security Document or any other Prepetition Loan Document shall 
collectively be referred to herein as the “Prepetition Collateral”.4 
 
4  All of the Debtors are Grantors under the Prepetition Guarantee and Collateral Agreement. As contemplated and 
required by the Prepetition Loan Documents, Debtor East Coast Mechanical, LLC, which was acquired by Solutions 
pursuant to that certain membership Interest Purchase Agreement dated December 1, 2022, guaranteed the obligations 
under the Prepetition Loan Documents pursuant to an Assumption Agreement dated August 1, 2023, in favor of  the 
Prepetition Agent, and ECM became a Guarantor and Grantor under the Prepetition Guarantee and Collateral 
Agreement. 
Case 25-10356-pmb    Doc 8    Filed 03/16/25    Entered 03/16/25 19:54:50    Desc Main
Document      Page 12 of 23

=== page 13 ===
13 
ACTIVE 704896970 
III. 
PREPETITION UNSECURED DEBT 
21. 
As of the Petition Date, the Debtors have estimated aggregate general unsecured 
debt in the approximate amount of $45 million, including $17.1 million in aggregate amount on 
account of contingent, unliquidated, and disputed obligations in connection with the Company’s 
acquisition of additional business units pursuant to the terms of the applicable acquisition 
agreements and ancillary documents (the “Seller Liabilities”). The Seller Liabilities include 
approximately $9.1 million on account of principal and interest under seller notes, net working 
capital adjustments, and holdbacks, and an additional approximately $8 million on account of 
potential earnouts. The Debtors dispute certain of the amounts of the Seller Liabilities. 
IV. 
EVENTS LEADING TO THE CHAPTER 11 FILINGS   
1. Operational and Integration Challenges 
22. 
Since completing multiple acquisitions, the business has experienced a series of 
ongoing operational and integration challenges that have negatively impacted operations and 
financial performance. After acquiring several new business units in an approximately 15-month 
period, the Debtors have not been able to fully integrate its various business units. Many of the 
operating practices of the legacy Air Pros business have not been applied to acquired business 
units. Combined with other challenges, the businesses have underperformed. For example, each 
business unit has an individualized operating model, which leads to lack of controls, different 
operating philosophies and margins, and a lack of economies of scale. 
23. 
Additionally, the Debtors’ level of indebtedness has made it more difficult to satisfy 
the Debtors’ obligations, resulting in defaults on, and acceleration of, such indebtedness. In 
addition, dedicating a substantial portion of its cash flows from operations to debt service 
obligations has reduced the availability of such cash flows to complete various initiatives to fully 
Case 25-10356-pmb    Doc 8    Filed 03/16/25    Entered 03/16/25 19:54:50    Desc Main
Document      Page 13 of 23

=== page 14 ===
14 
ACTIVE 704896970 
integrate the acquired business units, fund working capital, capital expenditures, and other general 
corporate requirements and to carry out other aspects of its business. 
2. 2023 Enterprise Marketing Process 
24. 
As a result of the operational and integration challenges, in July 2023, the Debtors 
retained Jefferies LLC (“Jefferies”) to assist with exploring strategic transactions, including by 
marketing the Company for sale as a going concern enterprise. I understand that, as a part of that 
process, Jefferies launched a sale process in August 2023 and approached potential strategic buyers 
and sponsors. Although several parties expressed initial interest, the marketing process for the 
Debtors’ businesses at that time did not result in any viable transactions. 
3. Changes in Corporate Management 
25. 
On January 31, 2024, the Prepetition Agent delivered to the Debtors notice that 
(i) certain events of default had occurred under the Prepetition Loan Documents and were 
continuing, and (ii) the Prepetition Agent exercised the voting rights granted to it under the 
Prepetition Loan Documents to remove Anthony Perera as manager of Solutions and appoint 
Lawrence Hirsh as the sole manager of Solutions. Mr. Perera initially remained as the manager of 
Holdings. 
26. 
Additionally, as previously referenced herein, the Debtors retained Accordion as 
financial advisors in March 2024, and I was retained as Chief Restructuring Officer of each of the 
Debtors in September 2024. 
27. 
In October 2024, Mr. Perera resigned from his role as sole manager of Holdings 
and from all positions with the Debtors. Upon his resignation, the Debtors retained Mr. Perera as 
a consultant pursuant to a Consulting Agreement to assist the Debtors in preparing these chapter 
11 cases and facilitating the marketing and sale process. Contemporaneous with Mr. Perera’s 
resignation, the majority member of Holdings appointed Mr. Hirsh as the sole manager of 
Case 25-10356-pmb    Doc 8    Filed 03/16/25    Entered 03/16/25 19:54:50    Desc Main
Document      Page 14 of 23

=== page 15 ===
15 
ACTIVE 704896970 
Holdings. The Consulting Agreement with Mr. Perera expired by its terms prior to the Petition 
Date. Accordingly, as of the Petition Date, Mr. Hirsh is the sole manager of Holdings and 
Solutions, and Mr. Perera is no longer an officer, director, manager, or employee of the Debtors. 
4. Evaluation of Strategic Alternatives and the Break-Up Marketing Process 
28. 
Following the appointment of Mr. Hirsh and the retention of Accordion, the 
Debtors, together with their advisors, considered several strategic alternatives to address the 
Debtors continued operations and integrational challenges. Among other things, the Debtors 
evaluated a long-term operational and financial turnaround, additional capital investment form 
strategic investors and restructuring of existing debt, and a break-up sale of the Debtors’ businesses 
to market business units on an individual basis. After evaluating the alternatives, the Debtors 
concluded that the best path forward to maximize the value of the Debtors’ assets was a break-up 
sale of the businesses. 
29. 
Accordingly, in October 2024, with the support of the Debtors Prepetition Secured 
Lenders, the Debtors re-engaged Jefferies to assist the Debtors in pursuing and evaluating value 
maximizing transactions, including a potential break-up sale of the Debtors. Through this process, 
Jefferies has marketed the Debtors’ business and solicited interest from parties for one or more of 
the Debtors’ business units. Through this most recent and ongoing process, the Debtors have 
received several formal offers that will serve as baseline, stalking horse bids for the Debtors’ 
assets, subject to higher and better bids pursuant to court-approved bidding procedures. The 
Debtors intend to file a motion seeking approval of proposed bidding and auction procedures 
within the first several days of these Chapter 11 Cases, which will, among other things, identify 
the stalking horse bidders and set forth the material terms of the stalking horse bids, including the 
specific assets being acquired. 
Case 25-10356-pmb    Doc 8    Filed 03/16/25    Entered 03/16/25 19:54:50    Desc Main
Document      Page 15 of 23

=== page 16 ===
16 
ACTIVE 704896970 
E. Postpetition Financing and Use of Cash Collateral5 
30. 
The Debtors commenced these chapter 11 cases with the support of the Prepetition 
Lenders with the goal of consummating the sale of the Debtors’ assets. To that end, the Prepetition 
Lenders have agreed to provide a senior secured priming and superpriority debtor-in-possession 
credit facility (the “DIP Facility”) in an aggregate principal amount not to exceed $20 million 
composed of (a) a “new money” multiple delayed draw term loan facility in an aggregate principal 
amount of $10,000,000 (the “New Money Loans”), of which (x) $4,000,000 (the “Initial DIP 
Loans”) will be made available to be drawn upon entry of this Interim Order, and (y) an additional 
amount of up to $6,000,000 (the “Final DIP Loans”) will be made available upon entry of the Final 
Order, and (b) a “rollup” (or conversion) of $10,000,000 of Prepetition Obligations (the “Rollup 
Loans” and, together with the New Money Loans, the “DIP Loans”), of which (x) up to $4,000,000 
will be rolled up on a dollar-for-dollar basis immediately upon each funding of the Initial DIP 
Loans following entry of the Interim Order and (y) the remainder will be rolled up immediately 
upon the first funding of Final DIP Loans following entry of the Final Order. The transactions 
discussed herein, including the DIP Facility, will allow the Debtors to maximize the value of their 
estates for the benefit of all stakeholders. 
31. 
The Debtors have an urgent and necessary need to use cash collateral on an interim 
basis and to obtain loans under the DIP Facility on an interim basis to avoid immediate and 
irreparable harm to the Debtors, their estates, their creditors, and other parties-in-interest, and to 
 
5  Capitalized terms used in this section but not otherwise defined herein have the meanings ascribed to such terms in 
the Emergency Motion of the Debtors for Entry of Interim and Final Orders (A) Authorizing the Debtors to Obtain 
Postpetition Financing and to Use Cash Collateral, (B) Granting Liens and Superpriority Claims, (C) Granting 
Adequate Protection, (D) Modifying the Automatic Stay, (E) Scheduling Final Hearing, and (F) Granting Related 
Relief (the “DIP Motion”), filed contemporaneously herewith. 
Case 25-10356-pmb    Doc 8    Filed 03/16/25    Entered 03/16/25 19:54:50    Desc Main
Document      Page 16 of 23

=== page 17 ===
17 
ACTIVE 704896970 
enable the Debtors to administer and preserve the value of their estates. The ability of the Debtors 
to maintain business relationships with their vendors and customers, pay their employees, and 
otherwise finance their operations at this critical stage of the restructuring requires the availability 
of working capital from the DIP Facility and the use of cash collateral. Without the DIP Facility 
and authority to use cash collateral, the Debtors do not have sufficient available sources of working 
capital and financing to operate their businesses or maintain their properties in the ordinary course 
of business. 
32. 
Absent interim approval of the DIP Facility, the Debtors will suffer immediate and 
irreparable harm and would likely have no choice but to cease operations and liquidate their assets 
for a fraction of what could be garnered through a competitive sale process as proposed in these 
Chapter 11 Cases. Such a liquidation would result in a deterioration of value for creditor 
constituencies. In addition, after exploring alternate debtor-in-possession financing options with 
the assistance of their advisors, the Debtors believe that the proposed DIP Facility is the only 
postpetition financing alternative available under the circumstances. The proposed DIP Facility 
provides the best path forward to address the Debtors’ immediate liquidity needs, to fund these 
Chapter 11 Cases, and to provide a clear path toward a competitive sale process or restructuring 
that preserves value for the estate. 
33. 
Given the size of the proposed facility, and the Debtors’ current financial condition, 
financing arrangements, and prepetition capital structure, the Debtors are unable to obtain 
financing from sources other than the DIP Lenders on terms more favorable than those provided 
under the DIP Facility and the DIP Loan Documents. The Debtors have been unable to obtain 
unsecured credit allowable as an administrative expense under section 503(b)(1) of the Bankruptcy 
Code. The Debtors also have been unable to obtain sufficient credit (a) having priority over 
Case 25-10356-pmb    Doc 8    Filed 03/16/25    Entered 03/16/25 19:54:50    Desc Main
Document      Page 17 of 23

=== page 18 ===
18 
ACTIVE 704896970 
administrative expenses of the kind specified in sections 503(b), 507(a), and 507(b) of the 
Bankruptcy Code, (b) secured by a lien on property of the Debtors and their estates that is not 
otherwise subject to a lien, or (c) secured solely by a junior lien on property of the Debtors and 
their estates that is subject to a lien. Accordingly, postpetition financing is not otherwise available 
without granting the DIP Lenders: (1) perfected priming security interests in and liens on all of the 
Debtors’ existing and after-acquired assets as more fully described in the DIP Motion; 
(2) superpriority administrative claims; and (3) all other protections set forth and described in the 
DIP Motion and the Interim DIP Order attached thereto. 
34. 
After considering all alternatives, I believe that the DIP Facility represents the best 
financing available to the Debtors and that it is in the best interests of the Debtors and their estates 
to enter into the DIP Facility. 
35. 
I understand that the Debtors’ investment banker, Jefferies LLC, sought potential 
financing from alternative sources but did not receive any proposals to provide an alternative 
financing facility to the Debtors. Consequently, I firmly believe that no other lender is willing and 
able to provide financing to the Debtors on more favorable terms than the DIP Facility. Only the 
DIP Lenders were able to provide a facility which was adequate, reasonable, and fair under the 
circumstances. 
36. 
I submit that it is within the Debtors’ sound and prudent business judgment to 
obtain the postpetition financing set forth in the DIP Motion. The Debtors have exercised their 
sound business judgment by entering into the DIP Facility and executing the DIP Loan Documents, 
which will allow the Debtors to access up to $10 million, including $4 million on an interim basis, 
to fund these Chapter 11 Cases. Further, the DIP Loans benefit the Debtors by allowing the use of 
Cash Collateral, thereby reducing the amount which must be borrowed. 
Case 25-10356-pmb    Doc 8    Filed 03/16/25    Entered 03/16/25 19:54:50    Desc Main
Document      Page 18 of 23

=== page 19 ===
19 
ACTIVE 704896970 
37. 
The terms and conditions of the DIP Loan Documents were negotiated by the 
parties in good faith and at arm’s length. I have determined, in the exercise of my business 
judgment, based upon analysis and the recommendations of the Debtors’ professionals, that the 
DIP Loan Documents provide the best opportunity for postpetition financing on the most favorable 
terms available. I believe the DIP Facility is necessary to preserve the Debtors’ estates and to 
administer the Chapter 11 Cases and therefore will benefit all creditors. The DIP Loans allow the 
Debtors to continue operations and maintain the value of the estates for an anticipated sale of all 
or substantially all of their assets. 
38. 
Additionally, the Prepetition Adequate Protection offered to the Prepetition 
Secured Parties is fair and reasonable. The Prepetition Adequate Protection proposed in the Interim 
Order is consistent with customary protections, including replacement liens, superpriority claims, 
current pay interest, and professional fees. The Prepetition Adequate Protection properly protects 
the Prepetition Secured Parties from any diminution in value of their interests in the use of the 
Prepetition Collateral, including Cash Collateral, during the Chapter 11 Cases. These provisions 
were negotiated in good faith and at arm’s-length with the Prepetition Secured Parties, who have 
consented to the use of Cash Collateral subject to the Debtors’ providing the Prepetition Adequate 
Protection. Without these protections, the Debtors would not be able to use Cash Collateral or 
obtain the DIP Loans. 
39. 
I believe the modification of the automatic stay in the DIP Motion is ordinary and 
a standard feature of debtor-in-possession financing facilities, and, in my business judgment, 
reasonable and fair under the current circumstances. 
Case 25-10356-pmb    Doc 8    Filed 03/16/25    Entered 03/16/25 19:54:50    Desc Main
Document      Page 19 of 23

=== page 20 ===
20 
ACTIVE 704896970 
40. 
I believe that the Debtors will face immediate and irreparable harm without entry 
of the Interim Order authorizing the Debtors to obtain the interim funding under the DIP Facility 
and to use Cash Collateral. 
V. 
FIRST DAY PLEADINGS 
41. 
Contemporaneously with the filing of this declaration, the Debtors filed or will file 
the First Day Pleadings requesting various forms of relief to facilitate the efficient administration 
of these Chapter 11 Cases, minimize the disruption and adverse effects of the commencement of 
the Chapter 11 Cases on the Debtors’ operations, and preserve value for their estates and all 
stakeholders. 
42. 
The First Day Pleadings include the following: 
• Joint Administration Motion. Emergency Motion of the Debtors for Entry of 
an Order Authorizing and Directing the Joint Administration of the Debtors’ 
Chapter 11 Cases for Procedural Purposes Only. 
• Creditor Matrix and Customer Noticing Motion. Emergency Motion of the 
Debtors for Entry of an Order Authorizing the Debtors (A) to Prepare and 
Maintain a Consolidated Master List of Creditors in Lieu of Submitting a 
Formatted Mailing Matrix for Each Debtor, (B) to Redact Personally 
Identifiable Information for Individual Creditors and Parties in Interest, and 
(C) to Provide Electronic Notice to Individual Customers and Maintain a 
Confidential Customer Service List. 
• Schedules and Statements Extension Motion. Emergency Motion of the 
Debtors for Entry of an Order Extending Time to File Schedules of Assets and 
Liabilities and Statements of Financial Affairs. 
• Application to Retain Claims, Noticing, Solicitation, and Administrative 
Agent. Debtors’ Emergency Application for Entry of an Order Authorizing the 
Retention and Employment of Kurtzman Carson Consultants, LLC dba Verita 
Global as Claims, Noticing, Solicitation, and Administrative Agent Effective as 
of the Petition Date. 
• Employee and Wages Motion. Emergency Motion of the Debtors for Entry of 
Interim and Final Orders (I) Authorizing the Debtors to Pay (A) All Prepetition 
Employee Obligations and Dues and (B) Prepetition Withholding Obligations, 
and (II) Directing Banks to Honor Related Transfers. 
Case 25-10356-pmb    Doc 8    Filed 03/16/25    Entered 03/16/25 19:54:50    Desc Main
Document      Page 20 of 23

=== page 21 ===
21 
ACTIVE 704896970 
• Insurance and Surety Bond Motion. Emergency Motion of the Debtors for 
Entry of Interim and Final Orders (I) Authorizing the Debtors to (A) Maintain 
Existing Insurance Policies, Pay all Policy Premiums, and Renew or Enter Into 
New Policies, and (B) Continue Insurance Premium Financing Program, Pay 
Insurance Premium Financing Obligations Arising in Connection Therewith, 
and Renew Such Premium Financing Arrangements; (II) Authorizing the 
Debtors to Maintain Their Surety Bond Program, Pay Obligations in 
Connection Therewith, and Renew or Obtain New Surety Bonds; and 
(III) Authorizing Banks to Honor and Process Checks and Electronic Transfer 
Requests Related Thereto. 
• Tax Motion. Emergency Motion of the Debtors for Entry of an Order 
Authorizing (I) the Debtors to Pay Prepetition Taxes and Regulatory Fees in 
the Ordinary Course of Business and (II) Banks and Financial Institutions to 
Honor and Process Checks and Transfers Related Thereto. 
• Cash Management Motion. Emergency Motion of the Debtors for Entry of 
Interim and Final Orders (I) Authorizing the Maintenance of Bank Accounts 
and Continued Use of Existing Business Forms and Checks, (II) Authorizing 
the Continued Use of Cash Management System, (III) Waiving Certain 
Investment and Deposit Guidelines, (IV) Authorizing the Debtors to Maintain 
Purchasing Card Program and Honor Prepetition Obligations Related 
Thereto, and (V) Granting Administrative Expense Status to Postpetition 
Intercompany Claims. 
• Customer Programs Motion. Emergency Motion of the Debtors for Entry of 
an Order Authorizing the Debtors to Honor Prepetition Obligations to 
Customers and Otherwise Continue Customer Programs in The Ordinary 
Course of Business. 
• Utilities Motion. Emergency Motion of the Debtors for Entry of Interim and 
Final Orders (I) Prohibiting Utility Providers from Altering, Refusing or 
Discontinuing Service, (II) Deeming Utility Providers Adequately Assured of 
Future Performance, and (III) Establishing Procedures for Determining 
Adequate Assurance of Payment. 
• DIP Motion. Emergency Motion of the Debtors for Entry of Interim and Final 
Orders (A) Authorizing the Debtors to Obtain Postpetition Financing and to 
Use Cash Collateral, (B) Granting Liens and Superpriority Claims, 
(C) Granting Adequate Protection, (D) Modifying the Automatic Stay, 
(E) Scheduling Final Hearing, and (F) Granting Related Relief. 
43. 
The First Day Pleadings request authority to, among other things, honor workforce-
related compensation and benefits obligations, continue to honor certain customer programs, and 
continue the Debtors’ cash management system and other operations in the ordinary course of 
Case 25-10356-pmb    Doc 8    Filed 03/16/25    Entered 03/16/25 19:54:50    Desc Main
Document      Page 21 of 23

=== page 22 ===
22 
ACTIVE 704896970 
business to ensure minimal disruption of the Debtors’ business operations during these Chapter 11 
Cases. For the avoidance of doubt, the Debtors request authority, but not direction, to incur 
indebtedness, pay amounts or satisfy obligations with respect to the relief requested in the First 
Day Pleadings, as more specifically set forth in each of the First Day Pleadings. 
44. 
I am familiar with each First Day Pleading, and I believe that the relief sought in 
each First Day Pleading (i) is necessary to minimize disruption due to the commencement of the 
Chapter 11 Cases and to permit the Debtors to administer the Chapter 11 Cases smoothly, 
(ii) constitutes a critical element in the Debtors’ achievement of their goals in this chapter 11 
process, and (iii) best serves the Debtors’ estates and their stakeholders’ interests. I have reviewed 
each First Day Pleading, and the facts and descriptions of the relief set forth therein are true and 
correct to the best of my information and belief with appropriate reliance on the Debtors’ relevant 
advisors and are incorporated herein in their entirety by reference. If asked to testify as to the facts 
supporting each of the First Day Pleadings, I would testify as to such facts. 
45. 
It is my belief that the relief sought in each of the First Day Pleadings is necessary 
to the success of the Debtors’ chapter 11 efforts and the maximization of the value of the Debtors’ 
estates through a sale process. It is my further belief that, with respect to those First Day Pleadings 
requesting the authority to pay specific prepetition claims, the relief requested is essential to the 
Debtors’ chapter 11 efforts and necessary to avoid immediate and irreparable harm to the Debtors’ 
estates. 
46. 
Moreover, in accordance with the Second Amended and Restated General Order 
26-2019, Procedures for Complex Chapter 11 Cases, dated February 6, 2023, I believe that these 
Chapter 11 Cases should be designated as Complex Chapter 11 Cases, because, among other 
things, (a) the Debtors have total debt of more than $25 million, excluding claims of insiders (as 
Case 25-10356-pmb    Doc 8    Filed 03/16/25    Entered 03/16/25 19:54:50    Desc Main
Document      Page 22 of 23

=== page 23 ===
23 
ACTIVE 704896970 
defined in 11 U.S.C. § 101), (b) there are more than 500 parties in interest in these cases, excluding 
former and current employees, (c) the Debtors are not individuals, and (d) the Debtors do not own 
single asset real estate. 
CONCLUSION 
47. 
The Debtors’ goal in these Chapter 11 Cases is the maximization of estate value 
through a sale of the businesses as going concerns preserving value for the Debtors’ creditors, 
employees, and other parties-in-interest. In the near term, the Debtors’ immediate objective is to 
continue operating their businesses during the early stages of these Chapter 11 Cases with as little 
interruption or disruption to the Debtors’ operations as possible. I believe that if the Court grants 
the relief requested in each of the First Day Pleadings, the prospect for achieving these objectives 
and a sale of the Debtors’ assets will be substantially enhanced. 
48. 
I therefore respectfully request that all relief requested in the First Day Pleadings 
be granted together with such other and further relief as is just. 
Pursuant to 28 U.S.C. § 1746, I declare under penalty of perjury that the foregoing is true 
and correct to the best of my knowledge and belief.  
Dated: March 16, 2025  
/s/ Andrew D.J. Hede 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Andrew D.J. Hede 
Chief Restructuring Officer  
AFH Air Pros, LLC, et al. 
 
Case 25-10356-pmb    Doc 8    Filed 03/16/25    Entered 03/16/25 19:54:50    Desc Main
Document      Page 23 of 23

