=== page 1 ===
 
1 
 
CONNELL FOLEY LLP 
Robert K. Malone 
Brett S. Theisen 
Katharina Earle (pro hac vice forthcoming) 
Kyle P. McEvilly 
Amanda R. Simone 
56 Livingston Avenue 
Roseland, New Jersey 07068 
Telephone: (973) 535-0500 
Email: rmalone@connellfoley.com 
 
btheisen@connellfoley.com 
 
kearle@connellfoley.com 
kmcevilly@connellfoley.com 
 
asimone@connellfoley.com 
 
Proposed Counsel for Debtors  
and Debtors-in-Possession
 
 
 
 
 
UNITED STATES BANKRUPTCY COURT 
DISTRICT OF NEW JERSEY 
 
 
In re:  
 
EEW AMERICAN OFFSHORE 
STRUCTURES INC., et al., 1 
 
                                           Debtors. 
Case No.: 26-13901 (JNP) 
 
Chapter 11 
 
Judge: Jerrold N. Poslusny, Jr. 
 
(Joint Administration Requested) 
 
DECLARATION OF TOM PRATT IN SUPPORT OF  
CHAPTER 11 PETITIONS AND FIRST DAY MOTIONS 
 
 
TOM PRATT, of full age, under penalty of perjury, hereby declares as follows: 
1. 
I have been retained as the Chief Restructuring Officer (“CRO”) of EEW American 
Offshore Structures Inc. (“AOS”) and EEW AOS Paulsboro Urban Renewal, LLC (“URE”), the 
above-captioned debtors and debtors in possession (together, the “Debtors”). I am authorized to 
submit this declaration (the “Declaration”) in support of the First Day Motions (as defined herein). 
 
1 The Debtors in these chapter 11 cases, along with the last four digits of each Debtor’s federal tax identification 
number are EEW American Offshore Structures Inc. (0270) and EEW AOS Paulsboro Urban Renewal, LLC (3844). 
The Debtors’ mailing address is 100 Offshore Drive, Paulsboro, New Jersey 08066.  
Case 26-13901-JNP    Doc 11    Filed 04/09/26    Entered 04/09/26 15:16:12    Desc Main
Document      Page 1 of 20

=== page 2 ===
 
2 
 
2. 
I am a Founding Member and Managing Director of Applied Business Strategy 
LLC (“ABS”). I have over thirty (30) years of experience as an independent director, senior 
executive, receiver, expert witness, and business advisor. I have served as an independent director 
of distressed companies in the Oil & Gas Exploration & Production sector, Mid-Stream Oilfield 
Services sector, and Information Technology industry. I have also served as interim CEO of an 
Environmental Services company, CRO of a Residential Home Construction company, as well as 
President, Treasurer and Secretary of a solar panel manufacturing company.  
3. 
As part of my role with the Debtors, I am generally familiar with the Debtors’ 
history, day-to-day operations, business and financial affairs and books and records, and the 
Debtors’ restructuring efforts. Except as otherwise indicated, all facts set forth in this Declaration 
are based upon: (i) my personal knowledge; (ii) information supplied to me by members of 
management or the Debtors’ professionals; (iii) my review of relevant documents; and/or (iv) my 
opinion based upon my experience and knowledge of the Debtors’ assets, liabilities, and financials. 
If called upon to testify, I could and would testify competently to the facts set forth in this 
Declaration. 
4. 
On April 8, 2026 (the “Petition Date”), the Debtors each filed a voluntary petition 
(together, the “Petitions”) for relief under chapter 11 of title 11 of the United States Code, 11 
U.S.C. §§ 101-1532 (the “Bankruptcy Code”) in the United States Bankruptcy Court for the 
District of New Jersey (the “Court”) and commenced these chapter 11 cases (these “Chapter 11 
Cases”).  
5. 
To minimize the adverse effects of filing for chapter 11 protection, the Debtors 
have filed several pleadings requesting various kinds of “first day” relief (collectively, the “First 
Day Motions”) concurrently with the filing of this Declaration. I am generally familiar with the 
Case 26-13901-JNP    Doc 11    Filed 04/09/26    Entered 04/09/26 15:16:12    Desc Main
Document      Page 2 of 20

=== page 3 ===
 
3 
 
contents of each First Day Motion (including the exhibits and other attachments to such motions) 
and, to the best of my knowledge, insofar as I have been able to ascertain after reasonable inquiry, 
believe the relief sought in each First Day Motion: (a) is necessary to enable the Debtors to operate 
in chapter 11 with minimum disruptions; (b) is critical to the Debtors’ ability to maximize the 
value of their business; and (c) best serves the Debtors’ estates and creditors’ interests. Further, it 
is my belief that the relief sought in the First Day Motions is narrowly tailored and necessary to 
achieve the goals identified above. 
6. 
I submit this Declaration in support of the Petitions and First Day Motions, 
including the Motion for Interim and Final Orders (I) Approving Postpetition Financing, (II) 
Authorizing Use of Cash Collateral, (III) Granting Liens and Providing Superpriority 
Administrative Expense Status, (IV) Granting Adequate Protection, (V) Modifying the Automatic 
Stay, (VI) Scheduling a Final Hearing and (VII) Granting Related Relief (the “DIP Motion”). The 
relief requested in each of the First Day Motions is necessary to maximize the value of the Debtor’s 
estate. 
7. 
Part I of this Declaration provides a summary overview of the Debtors’ history and 
operations. Part II describes the circumstances surrounding the commencement of these Chapter 
11 Cases. Part III describes the Debtors’ capital structures and the facts in support of the DIP 
Motion. Part IV outlines the Debtors’ First Day Motions. 
PART I 
 
BACKGROUND 
 
A. The Debtors’ Business 
8. 
The EEW Group (defined below) is one of the leading global manufacturers of 
longitudinally welded pipes, with a history dating back to 1936. Headquartered in Germany, the 
Case 26-13901-JNP    Doc 11    Filed 04/09/26    Entered 04/09/26 15:16:12    Desc Main
Document      Page 3 of 20

=== page 4 ===
 
4 
 
EEW Group has six production facilities for steel pipes around the world. The pipes are used in a 
wide array of applications, primarily for the offshore wind, oil, gas and chemical industries, as 
well as for mechanical engineering. The EEW Group developed itself into a pioneer in the 
production of pipes for offshore wind foundations by adapting to the renewable energy boom at 
the start of the 21st century. Intent on continuing its development and expansion, the EEW Group 
set its sights on the United States, and in particular, New Jersey, which was experiencing a political 
movement to build offshore windfarms.  The EEW Group believed the American offshore wind 
market to be one of the most important future markets for continued growth.  
9. 
In October 2019, the EEW Group established AOS, which, as set forth in greater 
detail below, was positioned to be the primary manufacturer and distributor of monopiles for the 
U.S. offshore wind market, particularly for windfarms expected to be built on the New Jersey 
coast.  Monopiles are the steel foundations for wind turbines that can reach up to 400 feet long.  
10. 
In connection with New Jersey’s movement for clean energy production, in June 
2019, an offshore wind company headquartered in Denmark called Ørsted was selected by the 
New Jersey Board of Public Utilities for an offshore wind farm project (“Ocean Wind 1”). Shortly 
thereafter, in December 2020, New Jersey Governor Phil Murphy announced a $250 million 
investment into a new monopile manufacturing facility located at the Paulsboro Marine Terminal 
(the “PMT”), demonstrating the State’s commitment to sustainable and renewable energy 
production. 
11. 
 In April 2021, Ørsted and the Debtors announced that they had signed a Project 
Labor Agreement for the Debtors to produce the monopiles for Ocean Wind 1.  In 2022, the 
Debtors also entered into an agreement with Atlantic Shores Offshore Wind Project 1, LLC 
(“Atlantic Shores”) to construct the monopiles for Atlantic Shores’ offshore wind project 
Case 26-13901-JNP    Doc 11    Filed 04/09/26    Entered 04/09/26 15:16:12    Desc Main
Document      Page 4 of 20

=== page 5 ===
 
5 
 
(“Atlantic Shores Project 1”). At the time, Atlantic Shores Project 1 was the largest single project 
awarded in New Jersey and the third largest offshore wind project in the United States.   
12. 
To facilitate the manufacturing, storage and transportation of monopiles, with the 
support of third parties as discussed below, the Debtors secured a portion of the PMT, providing 
direct access to deepwater port infrastructure required for the shipping of monopiles for offshore 
windfarms.  During the development of the site at the PMT, which ultimately was never completed, 
the Debtors expected to create more than 200 jobs for the local community during Phase I and 
more than 500 jobs cumulatively during Phase II (as defined below) and were committed to 
building community partnerships.  These included, among other things, establishing partnerships 
with government stakeholders and regional educational institutions to develop curriculum and 
training programs that empower and grow the clean energy workforce and engaging the regional 
community and workforce through public information sessions and outreach to teach about career 
opportunities in offshore wind manufacturing. 
13. 
During the construction and development of the Premises (as defined below), the 
political and economic tailwinds shifted, and the offshore windfarms that were heavily supported 
and backed with substantial public and private investments came to a standstill, including the 
Ørsted and Atlantic Shores projects.  As such, there was no longer a near-term need for monopile 
production in New Jersey, which caused the Debtors to pause their immediate plans to manufacture 
and provide monopiles for the Atlantic coast in approximately October 2024.  
14. 
Since that time, the Debtors, with the support of the EEW Group, have been 
strategically pursuing a plan to maximize their value for all stakeholders.  Notwithstanding those 
good faith efforts, the Debtors have been under constant assault from their landlord, as explained 
Case 26-13901-JNP    Doc 11    Filed 04/09/26    Entered 04/09/26 15:16:12    Desc Main
Document      Page 5 of 20

=== page 6 ===
 
6 
 
more fully below. The Debtors have filed the Chapter 11 Cases to obtain a “breathing spell” while 
they seek to continue marking their assets and execute a value-maximizing transaction. 
B. Corporate Organizational Structure 
15. 
AOS, a Delaware corporation, organized in October 2019 and headquartered in 
Paulsboro, New Jersey, is a subsidiary of a non-debtor German holding company, EEW AOS 
Holding GmbH (“AOS Holding”). AOS Holding is the sole shareholder of AOS.  
16. 
URE, a Delaware limited liability company, organized in July 2023, and 
headquartered in Paulsboro, New Jersey, is a subsidiary company of AOS. On October 26, 2023, 
EEW AOS Paulsboro Urban Renewal, LLC, New Jersey limited liability company, merged with 
URE, and URE remained as the surviving entity. AOS is the sole member of URE. 
17. 
Both AOS and URE maintain a principal address at 100 Offshore Drive, Paulsboro, 
New Jersey 08066. The principal assets of both AOS and URE are located in New Jersey.   
18. 
The ultimate beneficial owners of AOS Holding also own non-debtor German 
entity, DiScho Vermögensverwaltung GmbH & Co. KG (“DiScho”), which is the parent company 
to non-debtor German entities, EEW Offshore Wind Holding GmbH & Co. KG and EEW Pipe 
Solutions Holding GmbH & Co. KG (collectively with AOS and URE, and the related non-debtor 
entities shown on Exhibit A hereto,  the “EEW Group”).  
19. 
A chart showing the Debtors’ organizational structure as of the Petition Date is 
attached hereto as Exhibit A. 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Case 26-13901-JNP    Doc 11    Filed 04/09/26    Entered 04/09/26 15:16:12    Desc Main
Document      Page 6 of 20

=== page 7 ===
 
7 
 
PART II 
 
CIRCUMSTANCES GIVING RISE TO THESE CHAPTER 11 CASES 
 
A. The Lease 
20. 
On January 1, 2021, AOS entered into a sublease agreement (the “Sublease”) with 
Paulsboro Waterfront Development, LLC (“PWD”).2  Under the Sublease, AOS leases a portion 
of the PMT—approximately 85 acres of land in Paulsboro, New Jersey (the “Premises”). AOS 
intended to develop and use the Premises to manufacture, store and ship monopiles from the 
Premises.  The PMT, among other things, is a deep-water port facility on the Delaware River in 
New Jersey, which can accommodate a wide range of vessel sizes and provides access to domestic 
and international shipping lanes. Including all renewal options, over forty (40) years remain on the 
term of the Sublease.  
21. 
In April 2021, a Joint Site Development Agreement was executed by and among 
AOS, Gloucester County Improvement Authority, South Jersey Port Corporation, and Ocean Wind 
LLC to develop the Premises in two phases. Phase I began in 2021 and entailed approximately 
$110 million in capital infrastructure investments to construct a welding building, painting 
facilities, material handling systems, and essential roll-on/roll-off wharf infrastructure, including 
associated equipment purchases. Phase I was completed in 2023, financed by EEW and Ørsted as 
part of their local content commitment.  
22. 
Phase II development began in early 2023 but was never completed due to 
economic and political changes beyond the Debtors’ control. On October 31, 2023, Ørsted 
announced that following a decision by its Board of Directors, Ørsted would cease development 
 
2 On July 21, 2023, AOS and URE executed an Assignment and Assumption of Sublease pursuant to which AOS 
assigned, transferred, and set over unto URE all of AOS’ right, title and interest in, under and to the Sublease, and 
all of AOS’ liabilities and obligations under the Sublease. 
Case 26-13901-JNP    Doc 11    Filed 04/09/26    Entered 04/09/26 15:16:12    Desc Main
Document      Page 7 of 20

=== page 8 ===
 
8 
 
on Ocean Wind 1 due in part to high inflation, rising interest rates, and supply chain constraints. 
In early 2025, the EPA pulled back Atlantic Shores’ fully executed air permit, thereby impeding 
Atlantic Shores’ regulatory approvals.  Due to the cancelation of the plans to build windfarms near 
New Jersey, which originally caused the Debtors and others to invest in the development of the 
PMT, the further development of the Premises was not currently feasible.  
23. 
If Phase II of development had been completed, the Premises would have contained 
the first fully integrated monopile manufacturing plant in the United States, capable of producing 
100 monopiles annually, which would have substantially reduced reliance on imported European 
monopiles.  Despite the disruption in demand for monopile production for the Premises, the 
Debtors have complied with all the express and implied terms of the Sublease as they explore 
strategic alternatives or a suitable sub-tenant.   
B. The Prepetition Marketing Process 
24. 
Once it became clear that the production and distribution of monopiles would be 
disrupted at the Premises, the Debtors decided to explore alternative uses for the Premises under 
the Sublease.  As indicated, the Premises is uniquely suited for heavy industrial operations and 
includes direct vessel access to the Atlantic Ocean via two dedicated deep-water heavy-load 
wharves and on-site materials for immediate construction of two state- and locally-approved 
buildings.  Throughout 2025, the Debtors attempted to find beneficial and profitable uses for the 
Premises that complied with the terms of the Sublease. 
25. 
To accomplish this goal, the Debtors engaged Hilco Corporate Finance, LLC 
(“Hilco”) to market the Premises and facilitate a sublease or other arrangement for a third party to 
take control of the Premises.  Hilco’s outreach focused on parties that would be a strategic fit for 
the Debtors’ assets and is leveraging its geopolitical group to engage the Office of Strategic Capital 
Case 26-13901-JNP    Doc 11    Filed 04/09/26    Entered 04/09/26 15:16:12    Desc Main
Document      Page 8 of 20

=== page 9 ===
 
9 
 
within the Department of Defense to present the Premises as a strategic opportunity. The Debtors’ 
prepetition marketing process included outreach to 237 prospective buyers.  Multiple parties have 
entered into non-disclosure agreements with the Debtors, and the marketing process remains 
ongoing. 
C. The Litigation  
26. 
On October 7, 2025, the Debtors’ landlord, PWD, commenced state court 
proceedings in the New Jersey Superior Court against URE (the “Sublease Litigation”). 
27. 
In the Sublease Litigation, PWD is asking that the court order URE to vacate the 
Premises for certain alleged events of default under the terms of the Sublease and return possession 
of the Premises to PWD. Some of these alleged events of default simply do not constitute a basis 
for terminating the Sublease while others appear to be plainly fabricated by PWD in an attempt to 
terminate the Sublease and interfere with the Debtors’ business. Notably, the alleged defaults 
consist entirely of covenant defaults, not monetary defaults. URE never missed a rent payment or 
other monetary obligation under the Sublease, 3 although URE elected to withhold the most recent 
quarterly rent due six (6) days ago on April 1, 2026, which payment is entitled to a ten (10) day 
cure period under the Sublease and now stayed by the filing of the Debtors’ voluntary petitions. 
28. 
PWD argues that the sole permissible use of the Premises under the Sublease is the 
production and distribution of monopiles, and because the Debtors are not producing monopiles, 
URE is in default and its rights under the Sublease are terminated. 
29. 
Through no fault of the Debtors, the demands and investments in monopile and the 
wind turbine industry have receded. It is no longer feasible for the Debtors to continue investing 
 
3 PWD has argued that it is entitled to holdover rent from URE as a result of the alleged covenant breaches, which 
PWD alleges resulted in termination of the Sublease.  The Debtors vehemently disagree. 
Case 26-13901-JNP    Doc 11    Filed 04/09/26    Entered 04/09/26 15:16:12    Desc Main
Document      Page 9 of 20

=== page 10 ===
 
10 
 
valuable time and resources into using the Premises for monopile construction. Instead, the 
Debtors have shifted their focus to marketing the most valuable asset they have—the Sublease.  
30. 
Despite PWD’s assertions that the only permissible use for the Sublease is for the 
monopiles, the permissible use under the Sublease more broadly allows for the manufacture of 
iron and steel products. Furthermore, the Sublease permits another use or purpose of the Premises 
if such use or purpose is approved by PWD in advance in writing, and that such approval by PWD 
shall not be unreasonably withheld, conditioned or denied.  
31. 
As early as January 2025, the Debtors made PWD aware that the Debtors were 
marketing the Sublease to find an alternative use for PWD’s approval. Instead of working with the 
Debtors to find a workable and profitable solution for all parties, PWD has chosen to manufacture 
alleged events of default by URE, disrupt the Debtors’ marketing efforts, interfere with potentially 
interested parties to dissuade their interests in the Sublease, and abridge the Debtors’ contractual 
rights under the terms of the Sublease.  
32. 
In the Sublease Litigation, URE has asserted counterclaims against PWD, including 
breach of contract, declaratory judgment, breach of the covenant of good faith and fair dealing, 
and tortious interference (collectively, the “Counterclaims”).  In sum, and as described in part 
below, PWD’s baseless claims against URE interfered with the Debtors negotiations to monetize 
the Sublease, which caused the Debtors to suffer from damages in an amount of not less than $50 
million. 
33. 
The Sublease Litigation is only in the beginning stages of discovery, and 
contemporaneously with the filing of the Petitions, URE has filed a Notice of Removal of the 
Sublease Litigation to this Court.   
 
Case 26-13901-JNP    Doc 11    Filed 04/09/26    Entered 04/09/26 15:16:12    Desc Main
Document      Page 10 of 20

=== page 11 ===
 
11 
 
D. The Prospective Owner  
34. 
On December 30, 2025, AOS informed PWD that AOS had entered into an 
agreement for a third party (the “Prospective Owner”)4 to acquire AOS’s membership interest in 
URE and take over operations of the Premises (the “Acquisition Agreement”).  
35. 
The Prospective Owner is a well-established U.S. based maritime construction 
company and subsidiary of a global parent corporation, both with long track records of success in 
the maritime industry. The Prospective Owner already has a major operational base in the U.S. 
with plans to invest another $5 billion to expand regionally and increase its production capacity. 
The Prospective Owner is primarily focused on high-tech naval defenses for the United States 
Navy.  
36. 
Under the Acquisition Agreement, the Prospective Owner would be able to 
revitalize the terminal, drive cargo volumes, and create jobs both on the Premises and in the region. 
The anticipated use of the Premises under the Acquisition Agreement would also allow the 
Borough of Paulsboro to continue to obtain PILOT payments related to the Premises. All parties, 
including PWD, would benefit from the financial and practical impacts generated by the 
Acquisition Agreement. Based upon the foregoing, a reasonable party would permit such use of 
the Premises by the Prospective Owner as universally beneficial.  Due to the ongoing Sublease 
Litigation and PWD’s interference with the Acquisition Agreement, however, the Prospective 
Owner walked away from the Acquisition Agreement on March 3, 2026. Following the 
Prospective Owner’s decision to abandon the Acquisition Agreement, the Debtors and Hilco 
restarted their marketing process for the Sublease and began preparations to do so under the 
protections of Chapter 11. 
 
4 PWD is aware of the identity of the third-party. Due to confidentiality requirements, the name of the party is not 
being publicly disclosed in this First Day Declaration.  
Case 26-13901-JNP    Doc 11    Filed 04/09/26    Entered 04/09/26 15:16:12    Desc Main
Document      Page 11 of 20

=== page 12 ===
 
12 
 
PART III 
 
CAPITAL STRUCTURE AND DIP MOTION 
 
A. Pre-Petition Capital Structure 
 
i. 
Secured Indebtedness 
 
37. 
As of the Petition Date, the Debtors have approximately $9,675,873.83 million in 
total outstanding funded secured debt obligations. The following table depicts the Debtors’ 
prepetition secured financing: 
DEBTOR FINANCING FACILITIES 
Facility 
Maturity 
 Amount 
Outstanding5 
Secured Promissory Note and Security 
Agreement, dated March 20, 2026
December 31, 2026 
$900,857.01 
Intercompany Term Loan Agreement, 
dated February 26, 2026
December 31, 2026 
$230,882.19 
Intercompany Term Loan Agreement, 
dated December 10, 2025 
December 31, 2026 
$2,041,600.10 
Intercompany Term Loan Agreement, 
dated September 22, 2025 
December 31, 2026 
$1,770,394.01 
Intercompany Term Loan Agreement, 
dated July 1, 2025 
December 31, 2026 
$2,686,255.66 
Intercompany Term Loan Agreement, 
dated June 20, 2025 
December 31, 2026 
$835,723.98 
Intercompany Term Loan Agreement, 
dated March 19, 2025 
December 31, 2026 
$1,210,160.83 
Total Funded Secured Debt:                                                                   $9,675,873.83 
 
38. 
On March 20, 2026, the Debtors and DiScho entered into a Secured Promissory 
Note and Security Agreement, with a total principal balance of up to $2.6 million.  The Prepetition 
 
5 The approximate balances set forth herein are as of March 31, 2026. The obligations under the Prepetition Debt 
Documents are denominated in Euros and were converted into U.S. Dollars using the Euro/U.S. Dollar exchange rate 
as of April 1, 2026.  For the avoidance of doubt and notwithstanding anything to the contrary herein, (i) upon the entry 
of the Interim Order, $3.25 million of the obligations under the Prepetition Debt Documents shall be deemed rolled-
up and a cashless Advance under the DIP Credit Agreement and (ii) upon the entry of the Final Order, all remaining 
obligations under the Prepetition Debt Documents shall be deemed rolled-up and a cashless Advance under the DIP 
Credit Agreement. 
Case 26-13901-JNP    Doc 11    Filed 04/09/26    Entered 04/09/26 15:16:12    Desc Main
Document      Page 12 of 20

=== page 13 ===
 
13 
 
Secured Note was effectively a bridge-loan to provide the Debtors with the necessary liquidity to 
satisfy current operating expenses and prepare for the Chapter 11 Cases.  As of the Petition Date, 
the outstanding balance under the Prepetition Secured Note was approximately $900,857.05.  
39. 
On each of the dates set forth above, the Debtors and the Prepetition Secured Lender 
entered into an Intercompany Term Loan Agreement.  As of the Petition Date, the collective 
outstanding balance under the Prepetition Intercompany Loans was approximately $8,775,016.78.  
ii. 
Unsecured Indebtedness 
40. 
In the ordinary course of business, the Debtors incur unsecured indebtedness to 
taxing authorities, landlord, utility providers, and service providers, among others. As of the 
Petition Date, the Debtors’ estimated outstanding unsecured indebtedness is approximately $12 
million. 
B. The DIP Facility6 
41. 
Since my retention as CRO, I became involved in assessing and evaluating the 
Debtors’ business situation and finances and working with the Debtors to develop strategies in 
light of their current financial circumstances. The Debtors’ financial situation is such that they do 
not have any reserve funds or expectation of receiving receipts in any meaningful amounts. 
Additionally, given that the Debtors lack any meaningful revenue sources in the near term, it is 
not possible for them to operate utilizing cash collateral only, rendering post-petition financing a 
necessity.   
42. 
The proposed DIP Facility constitutes a below market financing proposal as 
reflected, among other things, in the lower than customary interest rates and absence of borrowing 
fees.  The Debtors require immediate access to the DIP Facility and continued use of Cash 
 
6 Capitalized terms used in this Section III.B. and not otherwise defined in this First Day Declaration shall have the 
meaning ascribed to them in the DIP Motion. 
Case 26-13901-JNP    Doc 11    Filed 04/09/26    Entered 04/09/26 15:16:12    Desc Main
Document      Page 13 of 20

=== page 14 ===
 
14 
 
Collateral to operate their enterprise and implement a value-maximizing sale transaction. Absent 
the liquidity infusion to be provided by the DIP Facility, the Debtors would experience significant 
value-destructive consequences, notably the inability to continue prosecution of the Counterclaims 
(as defined below) in tandem with the continuation of the marketing and sale process for the 
Sublease. 
43. 
The DIP Documents are the result of: (a) the Debtors’ determination that under the 
current circumstances, and given the lack of any other alternatives, the DIP Facility offered by the 
DIP Lender provided the best and, in fact, only postpetition financing alternative available to the 
Debtors and (b) negotiated, arm’s length, good-faith negotiations between the Debtors and the DIP 
Lender.  To ensure good faith and arm’s length negotiations between the Debtors and the DIP 
Lender, DiScho designated Heiko Grebe and Christian Berghoff, who are charged with the 
responsibility and authority to negotiate the terms of the DIP Facility on behalf of DiScho.  
44. 
The Debtors have been engaging in negotiations with the proposed DIP Lender for 
approximately two (2) weeks regarding the funding needs and loan terms to arrive at a proposal 
that is economically beneficial to the Debtors.  During this time, I have assisted the Debtors in 
developing a 13-week operating budget to project the Debtors’ minimal financial requirements. 
This process involved me analyzing the Debtors’ cash needs and their critical operations and the 
expenses of these operations. Based on that analysis and my discussions with the Debtors and the 
EEW Group, I determined that the Debtors needed to raise at least $6.5 million to file chapter 11 
proceedings, establish a bid and sale process, and to file and confirm a Plan.  
45. 
The best option for the Debtors was to move forward with the proposal by the DIP 
Lender given the Company’s acute liquidity need and the lack of alternative proposals.  Further, 
in my experience no third party would be willing to provide postpetition financing on better terms 
Case 26-13901-JNP    Doc 11    Filed 04/09/26    Entered 04/09/26 15:16:12    Desc Main
Document      Page 14 of 20

=== page 15 ===
 
15 
 
(including on an unsecured basis) given the circumstances of these Chapter 11 Cases, and it was 
not feasible to spend either time or additional resources seeking out or negotiating competing 
proposals for postpetition financing. The Debtors’ cash and time constraints prior to the Petition 
Date did not allow the Debtors to fund a marketing process for alternative debtor in possession 
financing. 
46. 
The Debtors’ cash-on-hand will not be sufficient to fund operations as a going 
concern without the proceeds from the DIP Facility.  The DIP Facility will provide the Debtors 
with sufficient liquidity to stabilize their business and fund the administration of these Chapter 11 
Cases as the Debtors seek to proceed expeditiously toward a value-maximizing sale transaction.  
The DIP Facility will also provide the Debtors with the necessary liquidity to fund their business 
operations during these Chapter 11 Cases and maintain relationships with stakeholders.  
Consequently, the DIP Facility is necessary to preserve the value of the Debtors’ estates.   
PART IV 
 
SUMMARY OF FIRST DAY MOTIONS 
 
47. 
To minimize the adverse effects of commencement of these Chapter 11 Cases on 
the Debtors’ business and asset values, the Debtors request a variety of relief in the First Day 
Motions filed contemporaneously herewith. I am familiar with the contents of each of the First 
Day Motions, and to the best of my knowledge, information, and belief, the facts set forth therein 
are true and correct. I believe that the relief sought therein is necessary to permit an effective 
transition into chapter 11 and to therefore preserve and maximize value of the Debtors’ estates for 
the benefit of the Debtors’ stakeholders. The relief requested in connection with the First Day 
Motions is also narrowly tailored so as to only seek such relief the Debtors believe is necessary to 
Case 26-13901-JNP    Doc 11    Filed 04/09/26    Entered 04/09/26 15:16:12    Desc Main
Document      Page 15 of 20

=== page 16 ===
 
16 
 
avoid immediate and irreparable harm to the Debtors’ estates.  Specifically, the Debtors seek 
approval of the following First Day Motions: 
A. Debtors’ Motion for Entry of an Order (I) Directing Joint Administration of the 
Chapter 11 Cases and (II) Granting Related Relief (the “Joint Administration 
Motion”). 
 
48. 
Given the integrated nature of the Debtors’ operations, joint administration of these 
Chapter 11 Cases for procedural purposes only will provide significant administrative convenience 
without harming the substantive rights of any party in interest. Many of the motions, hearings, and 
orders in these Chapter 11 Cases will affect each Debtor entity. The entry of an order directing 
joint administration of these chapter 11 cases will reduce fees and costs by avoiding duplicative 
filings, objections, or multiple hearings on common issues. Joint administration also will allow the 
Office of the United States Trustee for the District of New Jersey (the “U.S. Trustee”) and all 
parties in interest to monitor these Chapter 11 Cases with greater ease and efficiency. 
49. 
Moreover, joint administration will not adversely affect the Debtors’ respective 
constituencies because the Joint Administration Motion seeks only administrative, not substantive, 
consolidation of the Debtors’ estates. I believe that parties in interest will not be harmed by the 
relief requested; instead, parties in interest will benefit from the cost reductions associated with 
the joint administration of these chapter 11 cases. I believe that the relief requested in the Joint 
Administration Motion is in the best interests of the Debtors’ estates, their creditors, and other 
parties in interest 
B. Motion for Entry of an Order (I) Extending Debtors’ Time to File Schedules and 
Statements and (II) Granting Related Relief (the “Schedules and SOFAs Motion”). 
 
50. 
Pursuant to the Schedules and SOFAs Motion, the Debtors seek entry of an order 
(i) extending the deadline by which the Debtors must file (a) their schedules of assets and 
liabilities, schedules of executory contracts and unexpired leases, and statements of financial 
Case 26-13901-JNP    Doc 11    Filed 04/09/26    Entered 04/09/26 15:16:12    Desc Main
Document      Page 16 of 20

=== page 17 ===
 
17 
 
affairs (collectively, the “Schedules and Statements”) by fourteen days, for a total of twenty-eight 
(28) days from the Petition Date, to and including May 6, 2026, without prejudice to the Debtors’ 
ability to request additional extensions for cause shown. I believe that good and sufficient cause 
exists for granting an extension of time to file the Schedules and Statements. The ordinary course 
of the Debtors’ business requires the Debtors to maintain books, records, and accounting systems. 
Collecting the necessary information requires an expenditure of time and effort on the part of the 
Debtors and their professional advisors in the near term. 
51. 
In the days leading up to the Petition Date, the Debtors’ primary focus has been 
preparing for the chapter 11 filing, preparing the business to transition into chapter 11, and 
negotiating with the DIP Lender for a proposed debtor-in-possession financing facility. The 
Debtors intend to refocus the attention of key personnel to compliance with chapter 11 obligations 
during the early days of these Chapter 11 Cases.  Moreover, an extension will not harm creditors 
or other parties in interest because, even under the extended deadline, the Debtors will file the 
Schedules and Statements in advance of any deadline for filing proofs of claim in these Chapter 
11 Cases.  I believe that the relief requested in the Schedules and SOFAs Motion is in the best 
interests of the Debtors’ estates, their creditors, and other parties in interest. 
C. Debtors’ Motion for Entry of an Order (I) Authorizing the Debtors to File a 
Consolidated Creditor Matrix and List of Top Twenty Creditors and (II) Granting 
Related Relief (the “Creditor Matrix Motion”). 
 
52. 
The Debtors request authority to file a single list of their 20 largest general 
unsecured creditors on a consolidated basis (the “Consolidated Top 20 List”). Because the top 
creditor lists for each individual Debtor could overlap, and certain Debtors may have fewer than 
20 significant unsecured creditors, the Debtors submit that filing separate lists for each Debtor 
would be of limited utility and would require an unnecessary expenditure of finite time and 
Case 26-13901-JNP    Doc 11    Filed 04/09/26    Entered 04/09/26 15:16:12    Desc Main
Document      Page 17 of 20

=== page 18 ===
 
18 
 
resources. Preparing and maintaining a separate creditor matrix for each Debtor would be similarly 
time consuming and administratively burdensome. The Debtors believe that authorizing the 
Debtors to maintain and file a consolidated list of creditors (the “Consolidated Creditor Matrix”) 
is warranted under the circumstances. I believe that filing a Consolidated Top 20 List and a 
Consolidated Creditor Matrix is necessary for the efficient and orderly administration of these 
Chapter 11 Cases, appropriate under the facts and circumstances, and in the best interest of the 
Debtors’ estates. 
D. Debtors’ Motion for Interim and Final Orders (I) Prohibiting Utility Providers from 
Altering, Refusing, or Discontinuing Service, (II) Deeming Utilities Adequately 
Assured of Future Performance, (III) Establishing Procedures for Resolving Requests 
for Additional or Different Adequate Assurance of Payment, (IV) Scheduling a Final 
Hearing and (V) Granting Related Relief (the “Utility Motion”). 
 
53. 
In connection with the operation of their business and management of their leased 
property, the Debtors incur utility expenses in the ordinary course of business for, among other 
things, electricity, natural gas, water, trash collection and telephone and telecommunication services 
(collectively, the “Utility Services”) through approximately 6 accounts that they have with various 
utility companies and other providers (each a “Utility Provider” and, collectively, the “Utility 
Providers”). The Debtors typically process invoices from, and make payment on account of such 
invoices to, most of the Utility Providers on a monthly basis.  A schedule of the Debtors’ specific 
Utility Providers and the deposit held by each Utility Provider, if any, is set forth on Exhibit A to 
the Utility Motion. 
54. 
Additionally, the Debtors seek to establish reasonable procedures (the “Adequate 
Assurance Procedures”) by which a Utility Provider may request additional adequate assurance of 
future payment, in the event that such Utility Provider believes that its Utility Deposit does not 
provide it with satisfactory adequate assurance. I submit that the Debtors’ proposed Adequate 
Case 26-13901-JNP    Doc 11    Filed 04/09/26    Entered 04/09/26 15:16:12    Desc Main
Document      Page 18 of 20

=== page 19 ===
 
19 
 
Assurance Procedures will provide a streamlined process for Utility Providers to address potential 
concerns with respect to the proposed adequate assurance. 
55. 
The Debtors intend to satisfy postpetition obligations owed to the Utility Providers 
in the ordinary course of business and in a timely manner. In the event any of the Utility Providers 
alter, refuse, or discontinue service, even for a brief period, it will cause a substantial disruption to 
the Debtors’ efforts to conduct an orderly sale process. Any loss of utility service could result in 
immediate and irreparable harm to the Debtors. Therefore, I believe that the relief requested in the 
Utilities Motion is in the best interests of the Debtors’ estates, their creditors, and other parties in 
interest. 
E. Debtors’ Motion for Interim and Final Orders (I) Authorizing the Debtors to 
Continue and Maintain Their Existing Bank Accounts, Cash Management System 
and Business Forms, (II) Continue to Perform Intercompany Transactions, (III) 
Modifying the Investment Guidelines, (IV) Scheduling a Final Hearing and (V) 
Granting Related Relief (the “Cash Management Motion”). 
 
56. 
In the ordinary course of business, the Debtors utilize and maintain a centralized 
cash management system (as described herein, the “Cash Management System”), to collect, 
manage, and disburse funds used in their operations. The Cash Management System is essential to 
the efficient execution and achievement of the Debtors’ business, and to maximizing the value of 
their estates. Any disruption to the Cash Management System would have an immediate and 
adverse effect on the Debtors’ business and operations, to the detriment of their estates and 
stakeholders.  
57. 
To minimize the disruption caused by these Chapter 11 Cases, the Debtors request 
authority to continue to use their existing Cash Management System during the pendency of these 
Chapter 11 Cases, including (i) continuing to use their existing bank accounts and business forms, 
(ii) performing intercompany transactions in the ordinary course of business, (iii) modifying the 
Case 26-13901-JNP    Doc 11    Filed 04/09/26    Entered 04/09/26 15:16:12    Desc Main
Document      Page 19 of 20

=== page 20 ===
 
20 
 
investment guidelines set forth in section 345 of the Bankruptcy Code, subject to the terms 
described in the Cash Management Motion, and (iv) providing the U.S. Trustee with a sixty (60) 
day objection period.  I believe that the relief requested in the Cash Management Motion is in the 
best interests of the Debtors’ estates, their creditors, and other parties in interest. 
F. Debtors’ Motion for Interim and Final Orders (I) Authorizing the Debtors to Obtain 
Postpetition Financing, (II) Authorizing the Debtors to Use Cash Collateral, 
(III) Granting 
Liens 
and 
Superpriority 
Administrative 
Expense 
Claims, 
(IV) Granting 
Adequate Protection, 
(V) 
Modifying 
the 
Automatic 
Stay, 
(VI) Scheduling a Final Hearing and (VII) Granting Related Relief.7  
 
CONCLUSION 
58. 
The Debtors’ ultimate goal in these Chapter 11 Cases is to consummate a value-
maximizing transaction for the benefit of all of their creditors. In the near term, however, to 
minimize any loss of value of their business or assets during this time, the Debtors’ immediate 
objective is to maintain a business-as-usual atmosphere during the pendency of these Chapter 11 
11 Cases, with as little interruption or disruption to as possible. I believe that if the Court grants 
the relief requested in each of the First Day Motions, the prospect of achieving the Debtors’ 
objectives will be substantially enhanced. 
I declare under penalty of perjury that the foregoing is true and correct. 
 
Executed on: April 9, 2026   
 
 
 
/s/ Tom Pratt  
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Tom Pratt 
 
 
 
 
 
7 The DIP Motion’s requested relief and factual foundation is set forth in Section III.B. 
Case 26-13901-JNP    Doc 11    Filed 04/09/26    Entered 04/09/26 15:16:12    Desc Main
Document      Page 20 of 20

