=== page 1 ===
173048000.4 1 
 
UNITED STATES BANKRUPTCY COURT 
FOR THE DISTRICT OF DELAWARE 
 
 
In re: 
BY HOTEL SPE-3 LLC, 
                                 Debtors.1 
 
Chapter 11 
 
Case No. 26-10324 (JKS) 
 
(Joint Administration Requested) 
 
 
AMENDED DECLARATION OF SU-MEI YEN IN SUPPORT OF DEBTORS’ FIRST 
DAY, CASH COLLATERAL, AND DEBTOR IN POSSESSION FINANCING MOTIONS 
 
I, Su-Mei Yen, declare, pursuant to 28 U.S.C § 1746, under penalty of perjury that : 
 
1. 
I am over the age of eighteen and competent to provide this declaration 
(this “Declaration”).   
2. 
I am a Managing Member of the above-captioned debtors and debtors in possession 
(the “Debtors”). In this capacity, I am familiar with the Debtors’ day-to-day operations, financial 
condition, and the circumstances leading to the commencement of these chapter 11 cases. 
3. 
I submit this Declaration in support of the Debtors’ First Day Motions, including 
but not limited to: (a) the Debtors’ Emergency Motion for Authority to Use Cash Collateral 
Pursuant to Sections 105, 361, 362, and 363 of the Bankruptcy Code and Federal Rule of 
Bankruptcy Procedure 4001(B) and Request for Interim and Final Hearings (the “Cash Collateral 
Motion”); (2) the Debtors’ Emergency Motion for Entry of Interim and Final Orders Under 
Bankruptcy Code Section 364(C)(3) Authorizing the Debtors to Obtain Junior Secured 
Postpetition Financing and Request for Interim and Final Hearings (the “DIP Motion”); (3) the 
Debtors’ Emergency Motion for Entry of a Final Order (A) Authorizing Payment Of Certain 
 
1 The Debtors in these chapter 11 cases and the last four digits of their respective identification numbers are By Hotel 
SPE-3 LLC (3619); 1101 Wabash Development Mezz, LLC (9294); Wabash 11th Mezz LLC (4278); Pacific Tai 
Mezz LLC (3717); 1101 Wabash Development SPE LLC (9201); Wabash 11th LLC (3098); 1101 Wabash 
Development LLC (3365); Pacific Tai, LLC (9675); and SB Yen’s Management Group, Inc. (1132). The location of 
the Debtors’ corporate headquarters and the Debtors’ service address is 806 N York Rd., Hinsdale, IL 60521. 
Case 26-10324-JKS    Doc 20    Filed 03/10/26    Page 1 of 21

=== page 2 ===
173048000.4 2 
 
Prepetition Workforce Claims, Including Wages, Salaries, and Other Compensation; 
(B) Authorizing Payment of Certain Employee Benefits and Confirming Right to Continue 
Employee Benefits On Postpetition Basis; (C) Authorizing Payment of Withholding and 
Payroll‑Related Taxes; (D) Authorizing Payment of Workers’ Compensation Obligations; and 
(E) Authorizing Payment of Prepetition Claims Owing to Administrators and Third Party 
Providers (the “Wages Motion”); and (4) the Debtors’ Motion for Order (A) Authorizing 
Continuation of, and Payment of Prepetition Obligations Relating to Insurance Policies, and 
(B) Authorizing Banks to Honor and Process Checks and Electronic Transfer Requests Related 
Thereto (the “Insurance Motion,” and together with the Cash Collateral Motion, the DIP Motion, 
and the Wages Motion, the “First Day Motions”). 
4. 
I was born, raised and educated in Taiwan.  I received a degree in accounting from 
Soochow University in Taipei.  I arrived in the United States in 1972. I have been in the hospitality 
industry in the Chicago area since the late 1970’s and have complied a long-standing record of 
success.  Among other things, I have an industry reputation of reviving hotels that others have 
written off as in terminal decline.  For example, in 1992, I bought the shuttered Whitehall Hotel 
located at 105 E. Delaware Place in downtown Chicago.  That hotel has been thriving under my 
leadership since then.  
5. 
In over 40 years in the hotel industry, I have never had to sell a hotel.  During the 
pandemic, many hotels in Chicago closed for a period of time.  We never closed one day to ensure 
our staff remained employed.  
6. 
The two hotel properties that are the subject of these bankruptcy cases are located 
at 1101 South Wabash Avenue in Chicago and 1100 South Michigan Avenue in Chicago.   
This property includes two separate both facilities, a Hilton property and a Best Western property 
Case 26-10324-JKS    Doc 20    Filed 03/10/26    Page 2 of 21

=== page 3 ===
173048000.4 3 
 
(the “Hotel Businesses”).  Wabash 11th, LLC, 1101 Wabash Development LLC, and Pacific Tai, 
LLC own both properties.  Organizational charts of all the Debtors are attached to this Declaration 
as Exhibit A. 
7. 
In August 2019, we borrowed a mortgage loan in the principal amount of 
$146,737,500 from Delphi CRE Funding LLC. The loan is secured by both hotel properties.  
8. 
Six months after the pandemic, the Debtors’ senior lenders exploited the need for a 
forbearance to insist on a new revised yearly extension by raising LIBOR plus spread and each 
year, and asking for additional fees and to pay down the loan.  We have been servicing the loan by 
raising personal funds and from proceeds from our other facilities.  The interest rate we are 
currently paying is more than 8%, which is not sustainable.   
9. 
In June 2024, before we stopped paying monthly interest, the Debtors’ senior 
lenders issued a very unreasonable extension offer. Since then we have attempted to engage with 
the senior creditors to find a good-faith resolution that would preserve the best value.  But, to date, 
they have refused to engage.  
10. 
On August 12, 2025, the Debtors’ senior lenders filed a foreclosure action against 
certain of the Debtors in the Circuit Court of Cook County, Chancery Division, Case 
No. 2025CH08364, seeking to foreclose the Hotel Businesses and to appoint a receiver, 
precipitating this chapter 11 filing.  I believe this request for a receiver makes no sense and would 
actually be value destroying.  The unwarranted appointment of a receiver over the operations of 
the Hotel Businesses would precipitate devastating effects on their viability. A transition in 
management would result in substantial increases in operating costs. These costs would include 
substantial increased operating expenses should the receiver engage other third‑party management 
companies—as contemplated by Plaintiff in its proposed order.  Furthermore, of the Hotel 
Case 26-10324-JKS    Doc 20    Filed 03/10/26    Page 3 of 21

=== page 4 ===
173048000.4 4 
 
Businesses, the Best Western presently enjoys the benefit of a grandfathered franchise fee. 
However, as a result of any change in management, the Best Western property would default to 
the current franchise fee scale, thereby causing a significant increase in affiliation costs. It is also 
anticipated that upon the appointment of a receiver over the Hotel Businesses, their franchisors 
would impose onerous property improvement programs (“PIP”), which are estimated, at minimum, 
to increase costs of $15,000 per room for capital costs of approximately $7,500,000 in additional 
cash outlay. 
11. 
Hotel properties such as the Hotel Businesses typically have a “ramp-up” period 
ranging from six months to eighteen months.  The Hotel Businesses were in this “ramp-up” period 
when the COVID-19 pandemic first began, approximately six months after opening. 
This unfortunate timing impacted occupancies and rates, and therefore net operating income.  
As such, the Hotel Businesses required substantial additional operating funds during this period, 
which were provided through other hotel operations and personal resources to keep the properties 
open and operating. During the beginning of the COVID-19 pandemic, market occupancy in 
Chicago was only 24%, with 17,000 hotel rooms temporarily closed because of catastrophic drops 
in demand due to COVID-19.   
12. 
The attempts to get modifications to loan terms during these force majeure 
conditions were appropriate.  However, in dealing with the senior lenders, the modifications 
ultimately resulted in unsustainable increases in interest rates, and the spread, added penalties and 
fees all substantially increased the burden on the properties. 
13. 
Notably, Hotel Businesses are currently non-union, thanks to the extraordinary 
efforts of management to manage the businesses in a fashion that compensates and recognizes the 
contribution of employees to the success of the operation.  The property, with 514 rooms, is a 
Case 26-10324-JKS    Doc 20    Filed 03/10/26    Page 4 of 21

=== page 5 ===
173048000.4 5 
 
prime target for union organizing and will almost immediately be pressed for a union operating 
agreement should management change hands.  
14. 
Moreover, as mentioned above, there are currently PIP requirements that the 
franchisors permit to either be implemented over time, or that have been grandfathered in as 
acceptable under current management.  New ownership/management would trigger PIP 
inspections and renewed efforts to achieve upgrades to current standards for the franchises, 
amounting to a requirement of a substantial capital investment by the new operators.  The senior 
lenders’ proposed management company has no operations in the immediate area and would incur 
and pass on the costs of temporary staffing, transportation costs and other out-of-pocket costs for 
transition management to employees through reduced wages and employment, as well as to 
customers. In addition, there would be a significant learning curve for the new management 
company to understand and adjust to the nuances of the Chicago market, pricing strategy and other 
operational challenges.   
15. 
In 40 years, I have never sold or closed any properties, not even for one day, 
surviving four financial crises: the financial crash in the late 20th century, the Y2K crisis, 
the 2009 crash, and COVID-19.  I have sustained operations by diligent and cost effective 
management and cross‑utilization of funds among the properties, including the heroic efforts to 
sustain the opening and operation of the subject properties during the ramp-up period and 
COVID‑19 pandemic. 
16. 
The abrupt appointment of a receiver over the Hotel Businesses would also 
invariably precipitate a significant turnover of employees resulting in substantial declines in 
service levels and increases in hiring and training costs. These consequences will, in turn, severely 
Case 26-10324-JKS    Doc 20    Filed 03/10/26    Page 5 of 21

=== page 6 ===
173048000.4 6 
 
damage the reputation of the Hotel Businesses both in the employment and customer markets for 
years to come. 
17. 
The only reason we are seeking chapter 11 relief is the senior lenders’ unreasonable 
obstinacy.  It is my hope that with the Court’s guidance, the senior lenders will finally come to the 
table to discuss a common-sense resolution.  In 2019, coinciding the Debtors’ financing through 
its current senior lenders, the Debtors appointed independent managers as a condition to closing 
the loan.  These independent managers unanimously consented to the chapter 11 filing.  See 
Independent Manager Consent [Doc. 1, pp. 9–15], attached hereto as Exhibit B. 
18. 
I have reviewed the First Day Motions, and the facts set forth therein are true and 
correct to the best of my knowledge, information, and belief based on my review of the Debtors’ 
books and records, information supplied by employees and advisors, and my involvement in the 
Debtors’ financial and operational management. 
19. 
The relief requested in the First Day Motions is critical to ensuring the Debtors’ 
ability to maintain operations, preserve enterprise value, and protect the interests of creditors, 
employees, vendors, and stakeholders. 
20. 
In regards to cash collateral, the Debtors require immediate access to cash collateral 
to operate their businesses, pay employees, maintain utilities, satisfy franchise obligations, and 
preserve the value of the Hilton and Best Western hotel properties.  I incorporate by reference the 
facts regarding cash collateral set forth in the Cash Collateral Motion. 
21. 
Likewise, the Debtors require access to postpetition financing under the DIP 
Facility (as defined in the DIP Motion) to fund essential costs that cannot be met solely from Cash 
Collateral during these early stages of the chapter 11 cases. 
Case 26-10324-JKS    Doc 20    Filed 03/10/26    Page 6 of 21

=== page 7 ===
173048000.4 7 
 
22. 
The Debtors will separately file additional First Day Motions, including the Wages 
Motion and the Insurance Motion. 
23. 
A description of each First Day Motion and why I believe each should be granted 
is contained below. 
THE CASH COLLATERAL MOTION2 
24. 
The Cash Collateral Motion seeks authorization from the Court for the Debtors to 
use Cash Collateral to meet the ordinary cash needs of the Debtors, and for such other purposes as 
may be approved in writing by the Senior Creditors, for the payment of: 
a. Reasonable and necessary operating expenses incurred in the ordinary course of 
business; 
 
b. Maintenance and preservation of the property of the estate; 
c. Payroll and related tax obligations; 
d. Property taxes and insurance premiums; and  
e. Payment of expenses associate with the chapter 11 cases, including professional 
expenses incurred in the administration of the bankruptcy case.  
 
25. 
The Debtors’ Cash Collateral is comprised of five Bank Accounts in total, including 
(i) three Operating Accounts, comprised of one Operating Account with Huntington National Bank 
(Acct. No. ending 2220), and two Operating Accounts with International Bank of Chicago (Acct. 
Nos. ending 2828 and 2801), and (ii) two lockbox accounts with Key Bank (Acct. Nos. ending 
7999 and 8539) (account ending in 8539 is a CMA lockbox).  Agent may have a security interest 
in one or more of these Bank Accounts and, prior to the Petition Date, may have possessed rights 
of setoff with respect thereto.  These accounts capture substantially all hotel operating receipts, 
 
2 Capitalized terms used in this subsection but not defined herein shall have the meanings ascribed to them in the Cash 
Collateral Motion. 
Case 26-10324-JKS    Doc 20    Filed 03/10/26    Page 7 of 21

=== page 8 ===
173048000.4 8 
 
including room revenue, food and beverage, and ancillary receipts, and therefore constitute or 
contain Cash Collateral of the Senior Creditors. 
26. 
The Debtors intend to continue utilizing the existing Bank Accounts with 
customary chapter 11 controls to segregate, account for, and report on Cash Collateral usage.  
I believe maintaining these established treasury channels during the interim period (while 
instituting Court-approved controls and reporting) minimizes operational disruption and preserves 
estate value by ensuring uninterrupted collections and disbursements. 
27. 
I believe that access to existing Cash Collateral on an interim basis will provide the 
Debtors with the liquidity necessary to ensure that the Debtors have sufficient working capital and 
liquidity to operate their businesses, and thus preserve and maintain the value of the Debtors’ 
estates. Without such access to liquidity, the Debtors’ ability to navigate through the chapter 11 
process will be jeopardized, to the detriment of all creditors (including the Senior Creditors, i.e. the 
creditors with an interest in cash collateral).  Put simply, the Debtors have an immediate need to 
use Cash Collateral to ensure sufficient liquidity throughout the pendency of these chapter 11 
cases.  
28. 
The Debtors’ hotels are labor- and service-intensive operations.  Cash is required 
on a continuous basis to fund payroll and associated taxes; utilities and essential property-level 
services; franchise-related obligations; insurance and property taxes; routine repairs and 
maintenance; and the professional and administrative costs of these chapter 11 cases.  
Without immediate authority to use Cash Collateral (and, separately, availability under the DIP 
Facility (as defined in the DIP Motion)), the Debtors would be unable to meet near-term 
obligations, would experience rapid deterioration in guest service and brand compliance, and 
would face the prospect of an abrupt cessation of operations—outcomes that would materially 
Case 26-10324-JKS    Doc 20    Filed 03/10/26    Page 8 of 21

=== page 9 ===
173048000.4 9 
 
impair the value of the Hilton Property and the Best Western Property and, by extension, the Senior 
Creditors’ collateral base. 
29. 
Based on my review of near-term cash needs and projected receipts, the Debtors’ 
access to Cash Collateral on an interim basis is essential to stabilize operations and to bridge to a 
final hearing.  I believe that each proposed spend is necessary to maintain going‑concern value 
and avoid irreparable harm during the interim period. 
30. 
The Debtors propose to make disbursements strictly in accordance with the cash 
collateral budget attached to the Interim Order, subject only to the permitted variances and other 
limitations expressly set forth in the Interim Order.  The budget includes the ordinary-course and 
case-administration expenditures that must be paid to avoid immediate and irreparable harm. 
31. 
In addition to adherence to the Court-approved budget, the Debtors will maintain 
customary controls over Cash Collateral, including centralized approval of disbursements, the 
continued use of existing cash management systems, and enhanced, periodic variance reporting to 
the Senior Creditors as contemplated by the Interim Order.   
32. 
To protect the Senior Creditors against any diminution in the value of their interests 
in the collateral resulting from (i) the Debtors’ use of Cash Collateral, (ii) the use, sale, or lease of 
other collateral, and (iii) the imposition of the automatic stay, the Interim Order provides an 
adequate protection package that includes: (a) Replacement Liens in favor of Agent for the benefit 
of the Senior Lenders on the same categories of property (and proceeds, products, rents, and profits 
thereof) that secured the prepetition obligations, with the same priority and effect as the liens they 
replace; and (b) ongoing monthly interest payments to Agent, in the amount of $153,272.28, for 
the benefit of the Senior Lenders. 
Case 26-10324-JKS    Doc 20    Filed 03/10/26    Page 9 of 21

=== page 10 ===
173048000.4 10 
 
33. 
In my opinion, this adequate protection package is fair and sufficient under the 
circumstances.  First, the Replacement Liens preserve the Senior Creditors’ position on a 
dollar‑for-dollar basis to the extent of any diminution in value attributable to the authorized uses. 
Second, the payment of current interest addresses time-value-of-money considerations during the 
interim period.   
34. 
Under the Interim Order, the Debtors’ right to use Cash Collateral terminates on 
the earliest of:  (i) sixty (60) days following the effective date of a chapter 11 plan; (ii) the 
occurrence of any specified Termination Event, including failure to comply with the budget 
(subject to permitted variances), unauthorized uses, appointment of a chapter 11 trustee or an 
examiner with expanded powers, termination of franchise agreements, conversion or dismissal of 
these cases, or entry of an order materially modifying the Interim Order; or (iii) entry of a 
subsequent interim or final order governing cash collateral.  The Interim Order also provides for a 
limited modification of the automatic stay solely to permit implementation of its terms. 
35. 
Authorizing the interim use of Cash Collateral will enable the Debtors to 
(a) maintain staffing and guest services at the Hilton and Best Western properties; (b) protect the 
physical plant and brand standards; (c) preserve franchise relationships and key vendor support; 
and (d) fund the administrative costs needed to prosecute these chapter 11 cases efficiently. In my 
view, these outcomes directly protect and enhance the value of the Senior Creditors’ collateral and 
maximize recoveries for all stakeholders. 
36. 
Conversely, denying the requested relief would likely  trigger immediate and 
irreparable harm: payroll interruptions, vendor and utility stoppages, insurance risk, loss of brand 
eligibility, and rapid erosion of going-concern value.  Such harms would impair—not protect—
the Senior Creditors’ position. 
Case 26-10324-JKS    Doc 20    Filed 03/10/26    Page 10 of 21

=== page 11 ===
173048000.4 11 
 
37. 
For the reasons above, I believe the Debtors’ proposed interim use of Cash 
Collateral, on the terms set forth in the Interim Order and budget (including the adequate protection 
package described herein), is necessary, reasonable, and in the best interests of the estates. 
THE DIP MOTION3 
38. 
As set forth in the DIP Motion, the DIP Facility consists of a single-draw, junior 
secured postpetition loan in the principal amount of $1,000,000, which becomes fully available to 
the Debtors immediately upon entry of the Interim Order.  Subsequent credit extension may be 
available, subject to notice, an opportunity to object, and approval of the Court.  I believe this 
structure is critical because the Debtors require immediate liquidity to stabilize operations and 
fund essential expenses at the outset of these chapter 11 cases.  The single-draw feature ensures 
that the Debtors have prompt access to the full amount of the financing without the delays or 
administrative burdens associated with multiple funding requests.  As described in the DIP Motion, 
the DIP Facility is subject to disgorgement pending entry of a Final Order, and the loan is secured 
by junior liens on the Hilton Property, the Best Western Property, and the proceeds thereof.  
The proceeds of the DIP Facility will be kept in a segregated account.  In my judgment, the size, 
structure, and immediacy of the DIP Facility are appropriately tailored to the Debtors’ urgent 
liquidity needs and provide the minimum capital necessary to preserve the value of the estates 
during the initial phase of these chapter 11 cases.  In particular, the DIP Facility allows the Debtors 
flexibility to pay chapter 11 operating and professional costs, potential cure costs associated with 
the Debtors’ franchise agreements for the Hotel Businesses, and maintain their existing operations. 
 
3 Capitalized terms used in this subsection but not defined herein shall have the meanings ascribed to them in the 
DIP Motion. 
Case 26-10324-JKS    Doc 20    Filed 03/10/26    Page 11 of 21

=== page 12 ===
173048000.4 12 
 
39. 
Based on my review of the Debtors’ financial condition and cash-flow projections, 
the Debtors do not have sufficient liquidity to operate their businesses, preserve the value of their 
assets, or administer these chapter 11 cases without immediate access to the DIP Facility.  As of 
the Petition Date, the Debtors’ available cash on hand is inadequate to fund payroll, utilities, 
insurance, property taxes, vendor obligations, and other essential operating expenses.  
The Debtors’ hotels rely on continuous staffing, maintenance, and vendor support to remain 
operational, and any interruption in these services would result in a rapid and significant 
deterioration in asset value.  As stated in the DIP Motion, “the DIP Facility (and the use of cash 
collateral) are the Debtors’ sole sources of funding for their operations and the costs of 
administering the chapter 11 process,” and without such access, “the Debtors would immediately 
cease operations.”  I believe these statements are accurate and illustrate the necessity of the DIP 
Facility for preserving enterprise value for the Debtors and thereby maximizing stakeholder 
recoveries. 
40. 
Prior to filing these chapter 11 cases, the Debtors and their advisors evaluated 
potential sources of financing, including unsecured credit, senior secured financing, and alternative 
debtor-in-possession facilities.  No third-party lender was willing to extend credit to the Debtors 
on an unsecured basis or on terms junior to the existing Senior Obligations.  As the DIP Motion 
explains, “No third party lenders were prepared to offer debtor in possession financing to the 
Debtors, particularly on a junior basis to the existing Senior Obligations.”  The DIP Lenders are 
insiders, but were the only parties willing to provide the Debtors with the liquidity necessary to 
stabilize operations, and the terms they offered were the most favorable available under the 
circumstances.  In my business judgment, the Debtors conducted a reasonable and appropriate 
Case 26-10324-JKS    Doc 20    Filed 03/10/26    Page 12 of 21

=== page 13 ===
173048000.4 13 
 
process to identify financing options, and the DIP Facility represents the only viable path to 
preserve value for all stakeholders. 
41. 
In particular, the Debtors through their management and advisors reached out to 
multiple financial institutions and potential investors, including Morgan Stanley, BMO Capital 
Markets, and AGRA Capital to seek additional capital to take out its first lien indebtedness and/or 
provide funds for a bankruptcy process.  The Debtors also used the services of brokers Berkadia 
Commercial Mortgage LLC and Continental Partners, but ultimately, the only the DIP Lenders 
offered to take junior lien financing to fulfill the Debtors’ immediate needs.  The Debtors will 
continue to search for financing throughout the chapter 11 cases to allow flexibility in their 
potential exit strategy and plan process.  Because the Debtors have a seasonal business (i.e., hotels 
in Chicago are slower in winter and more profitable in warmer weather) and now have the rights 
and tools available to them through bankruptcy law, the Debtors expect that postpetition financing 
efforts will be more likely to be successful than prepetition. 
42. 
The DIP Facility is essential to maintaining the Debtors’ hotels as going concerns 
and preserving the value of the Hilton Property and the Best Western Property, which constitute 
the Debtors’ primary assets. Without the DIP Facility, the Debtors would be forced to shut down 
operations, resulting in immediate and irreparable harm to the estates.  As the DIP Motion states, 
“the Debtors’ ability to finance their business operations, and the availability of sufficient working 
capital and liquidity to the Debtors through access to the DIP Facility is vital to the preservation 
and maintenance of the value of the Debtors’ estates.”  I agree with this statement—the DIP 
Facility will allow the Debtors to maintain staffing, pay critical vendors, preserve franchise 
relationships, and continue the sale and restructuring process in an orderly manner. 
Case 26-10324-JKS    Doc 20    Filed 03/10/26    Page 13 of 21

=== page 14 ===
173048000.4 14 
 
43. 
The DIP Facility was negotiated in good faith and at arm’s length between the 
Debtors and the DIP Lenders, including myself.  In my view, the terms of the DIP Facility—
including the junior lien position, the single-draw structure, and the reservation of rights for a 
potential (but not required) conversion of DIP debt to equity upon emergence—are fair and 
reasonable in light of the Debtors’ financial condition, the risk profile of the loan, and the absence 
of alternative financing sources. As noted in the DIP Motion, “The proposed DIP Facility as 
offered by the DIP Lenders is the best financing option that the Debtors could obtain under the 
circumstances,” and the junior security interest “is a necessary component of the DIP Facility and 
is a sound exercise of the Debtors’ business judgment.”  I believe the DIP Facility is appropriately 
tailored to the Debtors’ needs and is in the best interests of the estates. 
44. 
The Debtors require immediate access to the DIP Facility on an interim basis to 
avoid irreparable harm.  The Debtors’ cash needs are immediate and ongoing, and the inability to 
access the DIP Facility before a final hearing would jeopardize payroll, vendor relationships, 
insurance coverage, and the continued operation of the hotels.  As the DIP Motion explains, 
“The Debtors will therefore be unable to proceed with operating their businesses without the 
ability to access the DIP Facility, and will suffer immediate and irreparable harm to the detriment 
of all creditors and other parties in interest.”  In my judgment, interim approval of the DIP Facility 
is necessary to stabilize operations and protect the value of the estates pending a final hearing. 
THE WAGES MOTION 
45. 
The Debtors filed the Wages Motion seeking entry of a final order (a) authorizing 
the Debtors to (i) pay prepetition employee wages, salaries and other accrued compensation, 
(ii) pay prepetition employee business expenses, (iii) make contributions to prepetition benefit 
programs and continue such programs in the ordinary course of their business, (iv) honor workers’ 
Case 26-10324-JKS    Doc 20    Filed 03/10/26    Page 14 of 21

=== page 15 ===
173048000.4 15 
 
compensation obligations, (v) make payments for which prepetition payroll deductions were made, 
(vi) pay processing costs and administrative expenses relating to the foregoing payments and 
contributions, and (vii) make payments to third parties incident to the foregoing payments and 
contributions, and (b) authorizing banks and other financial institutions to honor and process check 
and electronic transfer requests related to the foregoing. 
46. 
The Debtors currently employ 106 employees who are invaluable to the Debtors’ 
business and essential to the Debtors’ ability to continue business operations.  If the Debtors cannot 
assure the employees that they will promptly pay prepetition employee obligations and continue 
to hone employee benefits obligations, then employees will likely seek employment elsewhere 
which would adversely impact the Debtors’ business including the ability to maximize its value.  
In the ordinary courts of business, the Debtors incur payroll and compensation obligations for their 
workforce and provide other benefits to employees for the performance of services, with all 
benefits and obligations being customary withing the Debtors’ industry. 
47. 
In the ordinary course of business, the Debtors’ payroll obligations to employees 
including salaries and wages are paid bi-weekly on Fridays via direct deposit and paper 
checks.  The Debtors’ bi-weekly gross payroll is $295,000.  Following the Petition Date, the next 
scheduled payroll dates are March 20, 2026, and April 6, 2026.  As of the Petition Date, the 
Debtors owe $295,000 of accrued unpaid employee compensation obligations, with no employee 
owed more than $17,150 (i.e., the priority wage cap).  The Debtors seek authorization to pay these 
unpaid employee compensation obligations. 
48. 
For each pay period, the Debtors deduct amounts directly from employees’ pay 
including garnishments, child support, service charges, pre- and after-tax deductions pursuant to 
employee benefit plans such as health care benefits, insurance premiums, and 401k contributions, 
Case 26-10324-JKS    Doc 20    Filed 03/10/26    Page 15 of 21

=== page 16 ===
173048000.4 16 
 
and other amounts allowed by law.  In connection with paying wages to employees, the Debtors 
are legally required to withhold wage amounts related to federal, state, and local taxes, social 
security and Medicare taxes, and remit such amounts to taxing authorities.  Additionally, the 
Debtors make payments from their own funds to pay state and federal unemployment insurance, 
employment training taxes, and state disability insurance contributions.  As of the Petition Date, 
the Debtors have withheld all legal required amounts for remittitur to third-party recipients, and 
Debtors seek authorization to continue making deductions and satisfying payroll tax obligations. 
49. 
The Debtors offer employees paid time off in the form of sick and vacation 
pay.  Full-time employees become eligible for paid sick leave after twenty-nine days of continuous 
service and part-time employees accrue one hour of sick leave for every thirty-five hours worker, 
with eligible employees entitled to forty hours of sick leave per calendar year.  Eligible employees 
become eligible for paid leave following eighty-nine days of continuous service, with full-time 
employees accruing forty hours of paid leave and part-time employees accruing one hour of paid 
leave for every thirty-five hours worked up to the maximum of the applicable law per calendar 
year.  Subject to applicable law, eligible employees are entitled to cash payment for accrued but 
unused paid leave upon termination.  Employees are entitled to carry over accrued by unused sick 
leave from year to year up to a maximum of eighty hours.  These PTO programs are typical and 
customary, and continuing to offer them is necessary.  Because PTO is accrued and used by 
employees on a continuous basis, it is difficult to precisely calculate the cost of accrued PTO as of 
the Petition Date.  However, the Debtors estimate the value of such PTO is $310,000.  The Debtors 
request authority to honor their PTO policies in the ordinary course of business and to pay 
prepetition PTO amounts, with no individual employee being paid more than $17,150 and the 
Debtors not paying prepetition PTO in the aggregate exceeding $300,000. 
Case 26-10324-JKS    Doc 20    Filed 03/10/26    Page 16 of 21

=== page 17 ===
173048000.4 17 
 
50. 
The Debtors implement various benefit plans and policies for employees including 
prescription and medical benefits, dental care, vision care, basic life and accidental death and 
dismemberment insurance, retirement savings 401(k) plan, and a health savings account plan.  The 
Debtors deduct specified amounts from participating employees’ wages regarding these employee 
benefits plans.  All employee benefits are provided subject to employees satisfying certain 
requirements and employee contributions are collected through payroll deductions from 
participating employees.  The Debtors request authority to continue offering the employee benefits 
plans and honoring their benefits plans obligations in the ordinary course during the Chapter 11 
cases. 
51. 
The Debtors are required to maintain worker’s compensation insurance programs 
to provide their employees with workers’ compensation insurance coverage for claims arising from 
or related to their employment with Debtors.  The Debtors maintain a workers’ compensation 
policy with Travelers with an annual net cost of $337,311 paid annually and subject to an employer 
deductible of $1,000 for each accident.  The Debtors seek authority to continue to pay amounts 
associated with the workers’ compensation program including premium amounts and deductibles 
in the ordinary course and to honor payments owed. 
52. 
Through their motion for authorization to pay prepetition wages, the Debtors seek 
to pay $295,000 of employee compensation obligations and $300,000 of PTO if cashed out or in 
the ordinary course.  The Debtors have not accrued any aggregate obligations for withholding, 
medical plans, life and AD&D insurance, 401(k) plan, or the workers’ compensation policy. 
The Debtors request authorization for all applicable banks and financial institutions to receive, 
process, honor, and pay all checks and electronic payment requests related to the employee 
obligations and the employee plans and programs. 
Case 26-10324-JKS    Doc 20    Filed 03/10/26    Page 17 of 21

=== page 18 ===
173048000.4 18 
 
53. 
The Debtors’ ability to successfully operate is contingent on a reliable and loyal 
workforce, and to secure the reliability and loyalty of the workforce, the Debtors must be 
authorized to honor employee obligations and continue and maintain employee plans and programs 
in the ordinary course of business. 
54. 
A significant portion of the employee obligations are entitled to priority status up 
to $17,150 for wages, salaries, commissions, and vacation, severance, and sick leave pay pursuant 
to section 507(a)(4)(A) of the Bankruptcy Code.  Similarly, section 507(a)(5) of the Bankruptcy 
Code grants priority to contributions to employee benefit plans up to an aggregate of $17,150 
multiplied by the number of employees covered, less any amounts paid to such employees under 
section 507(a)(4) of the Bankruptcy code. 
55. 
The Debtors should be authorized to pay the employee obligations under 
sections 1107(a) and 1108 of the Bankruptcy Code.  Payment of the employee obligations meets 
each element of the applicable legal standard, and the Debtors must be allowed to pay the employee 
obligations to avoid significant disruption to their operations.  Payment of the employee 
obligations is also warranted pursuant to section 363 of the Bankruptcy Code because the Debtors 
can articulate a business justification for such payments. 
56. 
Payment of certain withholding obligations is appropriate under section 541 of the 
Bankruptcy Code, because certain withholding obligations are the property of the taxing 
authorities and are required by federal and state laws. 
57. 
Payment of the employee obligations is warranted pursuant to section 105(a) of the 
Bankruptcy Code and under the doctrine of necessity because section 105(a) allows the Court to 
permit pre-plan payments of prepetition obligations that are essential to the continued operation of 
the Debtors’ business and the doctrine of necessity authorizes payment or prepetition obligations 
Case 26-10324-JKS    Doc 20    Filed 03/10/26    Page 18 of 21

=== page 19 ===
173048000.4 19 
 
where payment is an essential element of the preservation of the debtor’s potential for 
rehabilitation.  Here, the majority of the employees rely on their compensation and benefits to 
satisfy their daily living expenses and maintain their health and well-being.  Authorizing the 
Debtors to continue paying employee obligations is necessary to ensure the continued employment 
of employees and to prevent employees from seeking employment elsewhere. 
58. 
Immediate relief requested by Debtors is justified because Debtors will suffer 
irreparable harm if they are not authorized to pay employee obligations which would cause 
employees to leave their employment with the Debtors in turn causing Debtors’ business to fail. 
59. 
To implement the payment of employee obligations, the Debtors seek a waiver of 
any stay of the effectiveness of the order approving this motion and waiver of the notice 
requirements of Bankruptcy Rule 6004(a) if applicable.  The Debtors have provided notice of their 
Wages Motion to all parties entitled to receive notice. 
THE INSURANCE MOTION 
60. 
Through the Insurance Motions, the Debtors seek authorization to continue their 
existing insurance policies, pay certain prepetition insurance obligations, pay certain postpetition 
insurance obligations, renew, amend, extend, or purchase and finance insurance policies, and 
continue their insurance premium financing agreement all in the ordinary course of business. 
61. 
In the ordinary course of business, the Debtors are the beneficiaries of certain 
insurance policies that provide coverage for property, general commercial liability, directors’ and 
officers’ liability, automobile and workers’ compensation liability.   
62. 
The Debtors pay premiums, and other required obligations such as broker fees, to 
maintain the policies, and believe they are currently on payment of all insurance obligations.  
The Debtors finance premium payments for one insurance policy pursuant to a premium financing 
Case 26-10324-JKS    Doc 20    Filed 03/10/26    Page 19 of 21

=== page 20 ===
173048000.4 20 
 
agreement with a premium financing company.  As of the Petition Date, the debtors are current on 
their premium financing obligations.  The premium financing agreement requires the Debtors to 
pay $38,371.35 monthly installments with the aggregate annual premium being $484,815.18, with 
an interest rate of 6.15%, and a down payment of $148,158.80.  $230,227.92 remains outstanding 
under the premium financing agreement and will come due postpetition in the ordinary course of 
business.  The Debtors therefore seek authority to pay prepetition obligations under the premium 
financing agreement, to pay any postpetition obligations due in the ordinary course of business, 
and to enter new agreements as needed to finance premiums under the insurance policies while 
paying premium financing obligations. 
63. 
The insurance policies are essential to the ongoing operation of the Debtors’ 
business, with most of the policies renewed annually and paid monthly.  As of the Petition Date, 
the Debtors estimate that $230,227.92 remains outstanding on insurance policies financed through 
their premium financing company (as stated above), and $716,787.87 of direct payments to carriers 
or brokers, on an installment basis, remain outstanding. 
64. 
Although the Debtors are current on their insurance obligations, out of an 
abundance of caution, they seek authority to pay any prepetition obligations owed on the insurance 
policies in the ordinary course of business to ensure uninterrupted coverage.  
65. 
Insurance coverage is also required by applicable regulations, laws, and contracts 
governing the Debtors’ commercial activities, and by the U.S. Trustee’s requirement that a 
chapter 11 debtor maintain adequate coverage.  Therefore, the Debtors request authorization to 
continue prepetition practices related to insurance policies, to satisfy prepetition obligations, and 
to enter into and finance new insurance arrangements in the ordinary course of business or on a 
postpetition basis.  
Case 26-10324-JKS    Doc 20    Filed 03/10/26    Page 20 of 21

=== page 21 ===
Case 26-10324-JKS    Doc 20    Filed 03/10/26    Page 21 of 21

