=== page 1 ===
Case 25-80002-sgj11    Doc 670    Filed 02/14/25    Entered 02/14/25 10:23:30    Desc

Main Document      Page 1 of 51

The following constitutes the ruling of the court and has the force and effect therein described.

Signed February 14, 2025

______________________________________________________________________

IN THE UNITED STATES BANKRUPTCY COURT

FOR THE NORTHERN DISTRICT OF TEXAS

DALLAS DIVISION

In re: 
 
PROSPECT MEDICAL HOLDINGS, INC., et al.,1 
 
                                    Debtors.

Chapter 11 
 
Case No. 25-80002 (SGJ) 
 
(Jointly Administered)  
Related to Dkt. Nos. 57, 102

FINAL ORDER (I) AUTHORIZING (A) POSTPETITION ABL

FINANCING, AND (B) THE USE OF CASH COLLATERAL;  
(II) GRANTING LIENS AND PROVIDING SUPERPRIORITY  
ADMINISTRATIVE EXPENSE CLAIMS; (III) GRANTING ADEQUATE

PROTECTION TO PREPETITION LENDERS; (IV) MODIFYING  
THE AUTOMATIC STAY; AND (V) GRANTING RELATED RELIEF

Upon the motion (the “Motion”) of Prospect Medical Holdings, Inc. and its affiliated

debtors, as debtors and debtors in possession (collectively, the “Debtors”) in the above-captioned

chapter 11 cases (the “Chapter 11 Cases”), seeking entry of an order, pursuant to sections 105,

1  
A complete list of each of the Debtors in these chapter 11 cases may be obtained on the website of the Debtors’ 
claims and noticing agent at https://omniagentsolutions.com/Prospect.  The Debtors’ mailing address is 3824 
Hughes Ave., Culver City, CA 90232.

=== page 2 ===
Case 25-80002-sgj11    Doc 670    Filed 02/14/25    Entered 02/14/25 10:23:30    Desc

Main Document      Page 2 of 51

361, 362(d), 363(c), 364(c)(1), 364(c)(2), 364(c)(3), 364(d)(1), 503(b), 506, and 507 of title 11 of

the United States Code, 11 U.S.C. §§101–1532 (the “Bankruptcy Code”), rules 2002, 4001, 6003,

6004, and 9014 of the Federal Rules of Bankruptcy Procedure (the “Bankruptcy Rules”), and rules

2002-1, 4001-1, and 5005-1, and 9013-1  of the Bankruptcy Local Rules for the Northern District

of Texas (the “Local Rules”), and the Procedures for Complex Cases in the Northern District of

Texas, seeking entry of the Interim Order2 and a final order (this “Final Order” and together with

all exhibits hereto and the Interim Order, the “DIP Orders”) that, among other things:

i. 
authorizes the Debtors, jointly and severally, to obtain a super-priority senior 
secured postpetition revolving credit facility (“DIP ABL Facility” and the loans 
issued thereunder, the “DIP ABL Loans”) in an aggregate principal amount of up 
to $90,000,000 upon entry of the Interim Order and satisfaction or waiver of the 
borrowing conditions set forth in the Senior Secured Superpriority Debtor-in-
Possession Loan and Security Agreement in substantially the form attached hereto 
as Exhibit 1 (as amended, restated, supplemented or otherwise modified from time 
to time in accordance with the terms thereof, the “DIP ABL Credit Agreement” 
and, together with any ancillary, collateral or related documents and agreements, 
including this Final Order, the “DIP ABL Loan Documents”),3 and upon entry of 
the Interim Order was made available to the Debtors subject to the terms and 
conditions set forth in the DIP ABL Loan Documents and which upon entry of this 
Final Order, pursuant to the terms of the DIP ABL Credit Agreement among certain 
of the Debtors, as DIP ABL Borrowers, and eCapital Healthcare Corp. or its 
designees or assignees, as Lender (“eCapital” or the “DIP ABL Lender”), and to 
perform their respective obligations thereunder and all such other and further acts 
as may be necessary, appropriate or desirable in connection with the DIP ABL Loan 
Documents which will roll-up (a) the Prepetition ABL Obligations (as defined 
herein), including interest and fees through the date of repayment, into obligations 
under the DIP ABL Facility (the “DIP ABL Obligations”), upon the funding of any 
DIP ABL Loans following entry of the Interim Order, and (b) the remainder of the 
Prepetition ABL Obligations in full upon entry of this Final Order, which shall be 
implemented, in each case, through the automatic substitution and exchange of all 
Prepetition ABL Obligations for DIP ABL Obligations on a cashless basis 
(the “DIP ABL Roll-Up”);

2 “ Interim Order” means the Interim Order (I) Authorizing (A) Postpetition ABL Financing, and (B) the Use of Cash 
Collateral; (II) Granting Liens and Providing Superpriority Administrative Expense Claims; (III) Granting 
Adequate Protection to Prepetition Lenders; (IV) Modifying the Automatic Stay, (V) Scheduling a Final Hearing; 
and (VI) Granting Related Relief [Docket No. 102].

3 
Capitalized terms used but not otherwise defined herein have the meaning set forth in the Motion or the DIP ABL 
Credit Agreement, as applicable.

2

=== page 3 ===
Case 25-80002-sgj11    Doc 670    Filed 02/14/25    Entered 02/14/25 10:23:30    Desc

Main Document      Page 3 of 51

ii. 
authorizes the Debtors, on a final basis, to execute, deliver, and perform under the 
DIP ABL Credit Agreement and any other DIP ABL Loan Documents;

iii. 
authorizes certain of the Debtors to issue, incur, and guarantee all loans, notes, 
advances, extensions of credit, financial accommodations, reimbursement 
obligations, fees and premiums, and all other obligations due or payable to or for 
the benefit of the DIP ABL Lender under the DIP ABL Loan Documents, and to 
perform such other acts as may be required or appropriate in connection therewith;

iv. 
authorizes and directs the Debtors, on a final basis, to use the proceeds of the DIP 
ABL Facility and the Cash Collateral (as defined below) solely in accordance with 
the DIP ABL Loan Documents and this Final Order to (a) fund the postpetition 
working capital needs of the Debtors; (b) pay fees, costs and expenses of the DIP 
ABL Loan Documents on the terms and conditions described in this Final Order 
and the DIP ABL Credit Agreement; and (c) pay the allowed administrative costs 
and expenses of the Chapter 11 Cases, in each case, solely in accordance with the 
DIP ABL Loan Documents, the Agreed Budget (as defined below), and this Final 
Order;

v. 
authorizes the Debtors to grant to the DIP ABL Lender valid, enforceable, 
nonavoidable, and automatically and fully perfected and priming security interests, 
liens, and superpriority claims, including (a) allowed superpriority administrative 
expense claims pursuant to sections 364(c)(1) of the Bankruptcy Code, subject only 
to the Carve-Out (up to the amount of the DIP ABL Carve-Out Allocation), and (b) 
liens in the DIP ABL Collateral (as defined below) and all proceeds thereof, 
including, without limitation, all property constituting “cash collateral,” as defined 
in section 363(a) of the Bankruptcy Code (“Cash Collateral”), pursuant to sections 
364(c)(2), 364(c)(3), and 364(d)(1) of the Bankruptcy Code, to secure all DIP ABL 
Obligations, subject only to the Carve-Out (up to the amount of the DIP ABL 
Carve-Out Allocation) and the Permitted Prior ABL Liens;

vi. 
authorizes and approves, on a final basis, the Debtors to grant to the Prepetition 
Secured Parties (as defined below), as adequate protection of their respective 
interest in the Prepetition Collateral (as defined below), valid, enforceable, non-
avoidable, and automatically and fully perfected security interests and replacement 
liens in the DIP ABL Collateral, solely to the extent of any Diminution (as defined 
below) of the Prepetition Secured Parties’ respective interest in the Prepetition 
Collateral, as more fully set forth in this Final Order, subject and subordinate only 
to the Carve-Out (up to the amount of the DIP ABL Carve-Out Allocation), the 
Permitted Prior ABL Liens, the DIP ABL Liens (as defined below), and DIP ABL 
Superpriority Claims (as defined below), without waiver of the Debtors’ right to 
assert any and all challenges, causes of action, and claims against the Prepetition 
Secured Parties;

vii. 
final approval of certain stipulations by the Debtors with respect to the Prepetition 
ABL Credit Agreement and the Prepetition ABL Collateral (as defined herein) as 
set forth herein;

3

=== page 4 ===
Case 25-80002-sgj11    Doc 670    Filed 02/14/25    Entered 02/14/25 10:23:30    Desc

Main Document      Page 4 of 51

viii. 
authorizes the DIP ABL Lender to take all commercially reasonable actions to 
implement and effectuate the terms of this Final Order and the DIP ABL Credit 
Agreement;

ix. 
authorizes payment of the DIP ABL Fees (as defined below) at the times and in the 
amounts set forth in the DIP ABL Credit Agreement and this Final Order;

x. 
a waiver of (a) the Debtors’ right to surcharge any collateral pursuant to sections 
105(a) and 506(c) of the Bankruptcy Code or otherwise; (b) the “equities of the 
case” exception under section 552(b) of the Bankruptcy Code; and (c) the equitable 
doctrine of “marshaling” and other similar doctrines with respect to any collateral;

xi. 
modifies the automatic stay imposed by section 362(a) of the Bankruptcy Code to 
the extent set forth herein and as necessary to permit the Debtors and the DIP ABL 
Lender to implement and effectuate the terms and provisions of the DIP ABL Loan 
Documents, including this Final Order, and authorizes the DIP ABL Lender, upon 
the occurrence and during the continuation of an Event of Default (as set forth 
herein and in the DIP ABL Credit Agreement), to permit the DIP ABL Lender to 
exercise rights and remedies, as contemplated hereby and by the DIP ABL Credit 
Agreement; and

xii. 
waives any applicable stay (including under Bankruptcy Rule 6004) and provides 
for immediate effectiveness of this Final Order.

This Court, having considered the relief requested in the Motion, the exhibits attached

thereto, the First Day Declaration, the Rundell Declaration, the Supplemental Declaration of Paul

Rundell in Support of the Debtors’ DIP Motions [Docket No. 569], the DIP ABL Credit

Agreement, the other papers filed with this Court, the evidence submitted and arguments made at

the interim hearing held before this Court on January 14, 2025 (the “Interim Hearing”); the

evidence submitted and arguments made at the final hearing held before this Court on February

12, 2025 (the “Final Hearing,” together with the Interim Hearing, the “Hearings”); and due and

sufficient notice of Hearings having been given in accordance with Bankruptcy Rules 2002 and

4001(b), (c), and (d) and all applicable Local Rules; and the Hearings having been held and

concluded; and all objections, if any, to the relief requested in the Motion having been withdrawn,

resolved, or overruled by the Court; and it appearing that the relief requested in the Motion is fair

and reasonable and in the best interests of the Debtors and their estates, and essential for the

continued operation of the Debtors’ businesses and the preservation of the value of the Debtors’

4

=== page 5 ===
Case 25-80002-sgj11    Doc 670    Filed 02/14/25    Entered 02/14/25 10:23:30    Desc

Main Document      Page 5 of 51

assets; and it appearing that the Debtors’ entry into the DIP ABL Credit Agreement and the other

DIP ABL Loan Documents is a sound and prudent exercise of the Debtors’ business judgment;

and after due deliberation and consideration, and good and sufficient cause appearing therefor,

THIS COURT HEREBY MAKES THE FOLLOWING FINDINGS OF FACT AND

CONCLUSIONS OF LAW BASED UPON THE MOTION, THE REPRESENTATIONS OF

COUNSEL, AND THE EVIDENCE SUBMITTED DURING THE HEARINGS:4

a. 
Petition Date.  Beginning on January 11, 2025 (the “Petition Date”), each of the

Debtors filed a voluntary petition for relief under chapter 11 of the Bankruptcy Code in this Court,

commencing these Chapter 11 Cases.

b. 
Debtors in Possession.  The Debtors are operating their businesses and managing

their properties as debtors in possession pursuant to sections 1107(a) and 1108 of the Bankruptcy

Code.  No trustee or examiner has been appointed in any of the Chapter 11 Cases.

c. 
Jurisdiction and Venue.  The Court has jurisdiction pursuant to 28 U.S.C. §§ 157

and 1334 and the Order of Reference of Bankruptcy Cases and Proceedings Nunc Pro Tunc dated

August 3, 1984, entered by the United States District Court for the Northern District of Texas.

This is a core proceeding under 28 U.S.C. § 157(b)(2).  Venue is proper pursuant to 28 U.S.C. §§

1408 and 1409.

d. 
Notice.  The Hearings were held pursuant to Bankruptcy Rule 4001(b)(2) and

(c)(2).  Notice of the Motion has been provided in a manner sufficient under the circumstances,

and no other or further notice of the Motion or the entry of this Final Order shall be required.

e. 
Interim Order. On January 14, 2025, the Court entered the Interim Order pursuant

to which the Court, inter alia, (i) authorized the Debtors to obtain postpetition secured financing

4 
The findings and conclusions set forth herein constitute this Court’s findings of fact and conclusions of law 
pursuant to Bankruptcy Rule 7052, made applicable to this proceeding pursuant to Bankruptcy Rule 9014, and 
shall take effect and be fully enforceable nunc pro tunc to the Petition Date immediately upon entry hereof.  To 
the extent that any of the following findings of fact constitute conclusions of law, they are adopted as such. To 
the extent any of the following conclusions of law constitute findings of fact, they are adopted as such.

5

=== page 6 ===
Case 25-80002-sgj11    Doc 670    Filed 02/14/25    Entered 02/14/25 10:23:30    Desc

Main Document      Page 6 of 51

from the DIP ABL Lender, on an interim basis, under the terms and conditions set forth therein

and in the DIP ABL Term Sheet, and (ii) approved the Debtors’ entry into the DIP ABL Term

Sheet.

f. 
Debtors’ Stipulations. In requesting the DIP ABL Facility and the use of Cash

Collateral, and in exchange for and as a material inducement to the DIP ABL Lender to provide

the DIP ABL Facility, and in exchange for and in recognition of the priming of the Prepetition

ABL Liens and the consent (and/or deemed consent) of the Prepetition ABL Lender to the use of

their Cash Collateral, the Debtors, for themselves, their estates and all representatives of such

estates, admit, stipulate, acknowledge and agree as follows (subject to paragraph 28 of this Final

Order) (collectively, the admissions, stipulations, and acknowledgments and agreements set forth

in this paragraph f, the “Stipulations”):

i. 
Prepetition ABL Credit Agreement. Pursuant to that certain Credit and 
Security Agreement between Southern California Healthcare System, 
Inc., Alta Los Angeles Hospitals, Inc., and Alta Hospitals System, LLC 
(together the “Prepetition ABL Borrowers”), and eCapital Healthcare 
Corp. (in its capacity as the lender, the “Prepetition ABL Lender”) dated 
as of June 5, 2024 (as amended, amended and restated, supplemented, or 
otherwise modified from time to time prior to the Petition Date in 
accordance with the terms thereof, the “Prepetition ABL Credit 
Agreement,” and together with all other agreements, guarantees, 
pledges, collateral and security documents, control agreements, 
instruments, certificates, notes, and other documents executed, recorded 
and/or delivered in connection therewith collectively, the “Prepetition 
ABL Loan Documents”), the Prepetition ABL Lender provided a 
revolving asset-based credit facility (the “Prepetition ABL Facility”) to 
the Prepetition ABL Borrowers. Pursuant to the Prepetition ABL Loan 
Documents, Prospect Medical Holdings, Inc. (the “Prepetition ABL 
Guarantor”), among other things, unconditionally and irrevocably 
guaranteed, on a joint and several basis, the payment in full in cash of all 
of the Prepetition ABL Obligations.

ii. 
Prepetition ABL Obligations. As of the Petition Date, the Prepetition 
ABL Borrowers were justly and lawfully indebted to the Prepetition 
ABL Borrowers and Prepetition ABL Guarantors, on a joint and several 
basis, without defense, claim, counterclaim, challenge or offset of any 
kind, in the aggregate amount of not less than $82,370,974 on account 
of principal amounts outstanding under the Prepetition ABL Facility, 
plus accrued but unpaid interest (limited to the non-default rate), plus all

6

=== page 7 ===
Case 25-80002-sgj11    Doc 670    Filed 02/14/25    Entered 02/14/25 10:23:30    Desc

Main Document      Page 7 of 51

fees, costs, expenses (including attorneys’, financial advisors’ and other 
professionals’ 
fees 
and 
expenses), 
charges, 
disbursements, 
indemnification and reimbursement obligations (contingent or 
otherwise), comprising “Obligations” (as defined in the Prepetition ABL 
Credit Agreement) (collectively, the “Prepetition ABL Obligations”).

iii. 
Prepetition ABL Liens. Pursuant to the Prepetition ABL Loan 
Documents, each of the Prepetition ABL Borrowers granted to eCapital 
valid and properly perfected continuing liens on and security interests in 
(the “Prepetition ABL Liens”) all “Collateral” (as defined in the 
Prepetition ABL Credit Agreement) (collectively, the “Prepetition ABL 
Collateral”).

iv. 
Validity and Enforceability of Prepetition ABL Obligations and 
Prepetition ABL Liens. As of the Petition Date, (i) the Prepetition ABL 
Liens in the Prepetition ABL Collateral (A) have been properly recorded 
and were valid, binding, enforceable, non-avoidable and fully perfected 
liens and security interests in the Prepetition ABL Collateral, (B) were 
granted to or for the benefit eCapital for fair consideration and 
reasonably equivalent value, and were granted contemporaneously with, 
or covenanted to be provided as an inducement for, the making of the 
loans and/or the financial commitments and other financial 
accommodations or consideration secured or obtained thereby, and 
(C) are senior with priority over any and all other liens on or security 
interests in the Prepetition ABL Collateral, subject only to the terms and 
conditions of the PBGC Subordination Agreement (defined in paragraph 
54 below), and to liens and security interests that were expressly 
permitted to be incurred under the Prepetition ABL Loan Documents 
(solely to the extent such permitted liens and security interests were (x) 
in existence on the Petition Date, (y) valid, non-avoidable and properly 
perfected as of the Petition Date (or were properly perfected subsequent 
to the Petition Date to the extent permitted by section 546(b) of the 
Bankruptcy Code), and (z) senior in priority to the Prepetition ABL 
Liens, the “Permitted Prior ABL Liens”); (ii) the Prepetition ABL 
Obligations constitute legal, valid, non-avoidable and binding 
obligations of each of the Prepetition ABL Borrowers, enforceable in 
accordance with the terms of the Prepetition ABL Loan Documents 
(other than in respect of the stay of enforcement arising under section 
362 of the Bankruptcy Code); (iii) no portion of the Prepetition ABL 
Liens or the Prepetition ABL Obligations, and no payments made at any 
time to eCapital, is subject to any contest, attack, objection, challenge, 
defense, claim, counterclaim or Cause of Action, including, without 
limitation, any Avoidance Action (as defined below) or any claim or 
Cause of Action seeking reduction, setoff, offset, recoupment, 
recharacterization, subordination (whether equitable, contractual or 
otherwise), reclassification, disgorgement, disallowance, impairment, 
marshalling, surcharge, recovery, or any other claim or Cause of Action

7

=== page 8 ===
Case 25-80002-sgj11    Doc 670    Filed 02/14/25    Entered 02/14/25 10:23:30    Desc

Main Document      Page 8 of 51

of any nature or description, whether arising under the Bankruptcy Code, 
applicable non-bankruptcy law, any other domestic or foreign statute, 
law, rule or regulation or otherwise, in each case, that may be asserted 
by the Debtors, their respective estates or any other person or entity; and 
(iv) the Prepetition ABL Obligations constitute allowed secured claims 
within the meaning of sections 502 and 506 of the Bankruptcy Code 
against each of the Prepetition ABL Borrowers and their respective 
estates.

v. 
No Claims, Defenses, or Causes of Action. As of the date hereof, there 
exist no claims, defenses, or any other Cause of Action of any nature or 
description whatsoever that may be asserted by the Debtors, their 
respective estates, predecessors, successors, and assigns, against 
eCapital or any of its Representatives, in each case, arising from, in 
connection with, or related to this Final Order, the Prepetition ABL 
Liens, the Prepetition ABL Obligations, the Prepetition ABL Loan 
Documents or the Prepetition ABL Collateral.

vi. 
Releases. Effective as of the date of entry of this Final Order, the 
Debtors, on behalf of themselves and their respective estates, to the 
maximum extent permitted by applicable law, hereby absolutely, 
unconditionally and irrevocably release and forever discharge and acquit 
eCapital and its Representatives (in their capacities as such) of and from 
any and all Causes of Action that the Debtors, their estates, predecessors, 
successors and assigns at any time had, now have or that their successors 
and assigns may have against any of the Prepetition ABL Lender and its 
Representatives (in their capacities as such) for or by reason of any act, 
omission, matter, cause or thing whatsoever arising at any time prior to 
the date of this Final Order, in each case, arising under, in connection 
with or related to this Final Order, the DIP ABL Roll Up Obligations, 
the Prepetition ABL Liens, the Prepetition ABL Collateral, the 
Prepetition ABL Obligations or the Prepetition ABL Loan Documents, 
the Adequate Protection Liens (as defined below), the Adequate 
Protection Claims (as defined below), the Adequate Protection 
Obligations (as defined below), the Prepetition ABL Loan Documents, 
or the transactions contemplated thereunder or hereunder, including, 
without limitation, (i) any Avoidance Actions, (ii) any so-called “lender 
liability” or equitable subordination claims or defenses, (iii) any claims 
or Causes of Action arising under the Bankruptcy Code, (iv) any claims 
or Causes of Action seeking reduction, setoff, offset, recoupment, 
recharacterization, subordination (whether equitable, contractual or 
otherwise), reclassification, disgorgement, disallowance, impairment, 
marshalling, surcharge, recovery or any other challenge arising under the 
Bankruptcy Code or applicable non-bankruptcy law with respect to the 
Prepetition ABL Liens, the Prepetition ABL Collateral, the Prepetition 
ABL Obligations or the Prepetition ABL Loan Documents, or (v) any 
claim or Cause of Action with respect to the validity, enforceability,

8

=== page 9 ===
Case 25-80002-sgj11    Doc 670    Filed 02/14/25    Entered 02/14/25 10:23:30    Desc

Main Document      Page 9 of 51

extent, amount, perfection or priority of the DIP ABL Roll Up 
Obligations, the Prepetition ABL Liens, the Prepetition ABL 
Obligations, the Prepetition ABL Collateral or the Prepetition ABL Loan 
Documents

vii. 
Cash Collateral. Any and all of the Prepetition ABL Borrower’s cash, 
whether existing on the Petition Date or thereafter, wherever located 
(including, without limitation, all cash, cash equivalents and other 
amounts on deposit or maintained by the Prepetition ABL Borrowers in 
any accounts with any depositary institution), whether as original 
Prepetition ABL Collateral, arising from the sale or other disposition of 
Prepetition ABL Collateral, or proceeds of other Prepetition ABL 
Collateral, or cash, rents, income, offspring, products, proceeds or profits 
generated from the Prepetition Collateral, constitutes Cash Collateral.

g. 
Committee Formation.  On January 29, 2025, an official committee of unsecured

creditors (the “Committee”), as provided for under section 1102 of the Bankruptcy Code, was

appointed by the United States Trustee for the Northern District of Texas (the “U.S. Trustee”).

h. 
No Credit Available on More Favorable Terms.  Given their current financial

condition, financing arrangements, and capital structure, and the circumstances of the Chapter 11

Cases, as demonstrated at the Interim Hearing and the Final Hearing, the Debtors are unable to

obtain financing in respect of the DIP ABL Collateral from sources other than the DIP ABL Lender

on terms more favorable than the DIP ABL Facility.  The Debtors are unable to procure sufficient

financing in the form of unsecured credit allowable as an administrative expense.  The Debtors are

also unable to obtain sufficient secured credit without (i) granting to the DIP ABL Lender the DIP

ABL Liens and the DIP ABL Superpriority Claims and (ii) granting the Adequate Protection Liens

(as defined below), in each case subject and subordinate to the Carve-Out (up to the amount of the

DIP ABL Carve-Out Allocation) and the Permitted Prior ABL Liens, as set forth herein and in the

DIP ABL Credit Agreement.

i. 
Good Faith.  Based upon the papers filed and the proceedings of record in these

Chapter 11 Cases, (i) the extension of credit and financial accommodations (including the use of

Cash Collateral) under the DIP ABL Facility, as provided by the DIP ABL Credit Agreement, are

fair, reasonable, in good faith, negotiated at arm’s length, reflect the Debtors’ exercise of prudent

business judgment consistent with their fiduciary duties, and are supported by reasonably

9

=== page 10 ===
Case 25-80002-sgj11    Doc 670    Filed 02/14/25    Entered 02/14/25 10:23:30    Desc

Main Document      Page 10 of 51

equivalent value and fair consideration; (ii) the DIP ABL Facility and the DIP ABL Loans

thereunder are being provided by the DIP ABL Lender in “good faith” within the meaning of

section 364(e) of the Bankruptcy Code in express reliance on the protections offered thereby; (iii)

the liens, claims, and other covenants and payments as set forth in the DIP ABL Loan Documents

or this Final Order, as well as the protections afforded parties acting in “good faith” under section

364(e) of the Bankruptcy Code are integral, critical and essential components of the DIP ABL

Facility provided by the DIP ABL Lender to the Debtors; and (iv) the DIP ABL Facility, the DIP

ABL Liens, the DIP ABL Superpriority Claims, and the Adequate Protection Liens, and all terms,

conditions, and relief set forth in and otherwise approved by the DIP Orders shall be entitled to the

full protection of section 364(e) of the Bankruptcy Code in the event that the DIP Orders or any

provision thereof is vacated, reversed, or modified, on appeal or otherwise.

j. 
Good Cause.  Good cause has been shown for the entry of this Final Order, and the

entry of this Final Order is in the best interests of the Debtors, their estates, their creditors, and

other parties in interest.  The relief requested in the Motion is fair and reasonable and is in the best

interest of the Debtors and their estates, and essential for the continued operations of the Debtors’

businesses and the preservation of the value of the Debtors’ assets.

k. 
Need for Postpetition Financing and Use of Cash Collateral.  The Debtors do

not have sufficient and reliable sources of working capital to continue to operate their business in

the ordinary course without the financing requested in the Motion.  The financing provided

pursuant to the DIP Orders and the DIP ABL Loan Documents and the authority to use Cash

Collateral granted herein will permit the Debtors to, among other things, (i) pay the fees, costs,

and expenses incurred in connection with the Chapter 11 Cases; (ii) fund any obligations benefiting

from the Carve-Out (up to the amount of the DIP ABL Carve-Out Allocation); (iii) continue the

orderly operation of their businesses, in an effort to maintain the health and safety of their patients;

(iv) maintain business relationships with customers, vendors, and suppliers; (v) make payroll for

their employees, including providers essential for patient care; and (vi) satisfy other working

capital and operational needs.

10

=== page 11 ===
Case 25-80002-sgj11    Doc 670    Filed 02/14/25    Entered 02/14/25 10:23:30    Desc

Main Document      Page 11 of 51

l. 
Willingness to Provide Financing.  The DIP ABL Lender has committed to

provide financing to the Debtors subject to:  (i) entry of the DIP Orders; (ii) approval of the terms

and conditions of the DIP ABL Facility, the DIP ABL Credit Agreement, and the other DIP ABL

Loan Documents; (iii) satisfaction of the closing conditions set forth in the DIP ABL Credit

Agreement; and (iv) findings by this Court that the DIP ABL Lender is extending credit to the

Debtors pursuant to the DIP Orders and the DIP ABL Loan Documents in good faith, and that each

of the DIP ABL Lender’s claims, superpriority claims, security interests and liens and other

protections granted pursuant to the DIP Orders and the DIP ABL Credit Agreement will have the

protections provided by section 364(e) of the Bankruptcy Code.

m. 
Priming of Prepetition Liens; Adequate Protection.  As of the Petition Date, the

Prepetition Secured Parties5 have asserted claims against certain of the Debtors under the

Prepetition Loan Documents6 or other applicable law (the “Prepetition Obligations”), and the

Prepetition Secured Parties have asserted that such obligations were secured by liens and security

interests granted by certain of the Debtors or otherwise arising under applicable law (all such

asserted liens and security interests, the “Prepetition Liens”) on and in the assets of the Debtors to

the extent set forth under the respective Prepetition Loan Documents or such applicable law (all

such assets, the “Prepetition Collateral”).7  The priming of the asserted security interests in and

5  
The “Prepetition Secured Parties” means, collectively, (i) the lenders, lessors, agents and other parties to the 
Prepetition Loan Documents (collectively, the “Prepetition Lenders”), (ii) the Pension Benefit Guaranty 
Corporation (“PBGC”), on behalf of the Crozer-Keystone Health System Employees Retirement Plan (“Crozer 
Plan”) and the Eastern Connecticut Health Network, Inc. Pension Plan (the “ECHN Plan”), (iii) the State of 
Connecticut, and (iv) any party in interest with a valid, enforceable, non-avoidable, and perfected lien as of the 
Petition Date (or perfected subsequent to the Petition Date to the extent permitted by section 546(b) of the 
Bankruptcy Code).

6  
The “Prepetition Loan Documents” means, collectively, the eCapital Credit Agreement, the HospitalCo Term 
Loan Agreement, the PhysicianCo Loan Agreement, the MPT PA Mortgage Loan Agreement and the other MPT 
Obligations Documents (each as defined in the Senior Secured, Super-Priority Debtor-in-Possession Loan and 
Security Agreement, dated as of February 13, 2025, by and among the Debtors and the DIP Term Lender (the 
“JMB DIP Credit Agreement”)), respectively.

7  
For the avoidance of doubt, except as set forth in paragraph f of this Final Order, nothing contained herein shall 
constitute any stipulation or acknowledgement as to the validity or enforceability of the Prepetition Loan 
Documents, or the validity, enforceability, priority or perfection of the Prepetition Obligations or Prepetition 
Liens asserted by the Prepetition Lenders, and all rights, claims, causes of action, objections, defenses and 
challenges with respect to the Prepetition Lenders, the Prepetition Loan Documents, the Prepetition Obligations

11

=== page 12 ===
Case 25-80002-sgj11    Doc 670    Filed 02/14/25    Entered 02/14/25 10:23:30    Desc

Main Document      Page 12 of 51

liens on the Prepetition Collateral and any other interests of the Debtors in property under section

364(d) of the Bankruptcy Code, as contemplated by the DIP ABL Credit Agreement and as further

described below, will enable the Debtors to obtain the DIP ABL Facility and to continue to operate

their business for the benefit of their estates and creditors, and the Debtors would not be able to

obtain postpetition financing in a sufficient amount without granting such priming liens.

Consistent with the requirements of section 364(d) of the Bankruptcy Code, and without waiving

the Debtors’ or any other parties’ right to assert any and all challenges, causes of action, and claims

against the Prepetition Obligations or the Prepetition Liens (except as expressly set forth in this

Final Order as against the Prepetition ABL Lender), the Prepetition Secured Parties shall receive

adequate protection as set forth in this Final Order, pursuant to sections 361, 363, and 364 of the

Bankruptcy Code, solely to the extent of any decrease in the value of its interest, if any, in the

Prepetition Collateral resulting from (i) the use, sale, or lease by the Debtors of the Prepetition

ABL Collateral during the pendency of the Chapter 11 Cases; (ii) the DIP ABL Liens and the

Carve-Out (up to the amount of the DIP ABL Carve-Out Allocation) pursuant to this Final Order

and the DIP ABL Credit Agreement; or (iii) the imposition of the automatic stay pursuant to section

362 of the Bankruptcy Code (such actual diminution, collectively, “Diminution”).  Nothing herein

shall constitute a finding or ruling by this Court that any alleged Prepetition Lien is valid, senior,

enforceable, prior, perfected or non-avoidable.

n. 
Roll-up of Prepetition ABL Obligations into DIP ABL Obligations.  Upon entry

of this Final Order, all remaining Prepetition ABL Obligations shall be rolled up and converted

into DIP ABL Obligations on a cashless basis upon entry of this Final Order (such Obligations,

the “DIP ABL Roll-Up Obligations”).  DIP ABL Lender would not otherwise consent to the use

of its Cash Collateral and would not be willing to provide the DIP ABL Facility nor extend credit

to the Debtors without the inclusion of the DIP ABL Roll-Up and conversion of the Prepetition

ABL Obligations into DIP ABL Roll-Up Obligations as provided herein.  The DIP ABL Roll-Up

and the Prepetition Liens asserted by the Prepetition Lenders, whether held by the Debtors, the Committee or any 
other party in interest, is hereby expressly preserved.

12

=== page 13 ===
Case 25-80002-sgj11    Doc 670    Filed 02/14/25    Entered 02/14/25 10:23:30    Desc

Main Document      Page 13 of 51

will enable the Debtors to obtain urgently needed financing to administer their Chapter 11 Cases,

to fund their operations, and to maximize value for all parties in interest.  Following the conversion

of the Prepetition ABL Obligations into DIP ABL Roll-Up Obligations, the DIP ABL Roll-Up

Obligations shall be considered and treated as DIP ABL Obligations.  The conversion (or “roll

up”) shall be authorized as compensation for, and in consideration for, and solely on account of,

the agreement of the Prepetition ABL Lender to fund amounts, and provide other considerations

to the Debtors under the DIP ABL Facility and not as payments under, adequate protection for, or

otherwise on account of, any Prepetition ABL Obligations.

o. 
DIP Budget.  The Debtors have prepared and delivered to JMB Capital Partners

Lending, LLC or its designees or assignees (the “DIP Term Lender”) and to the DIP ABL Lender

and its advisors an initial budget, a copy of which is attached to the Interim Order as Exhibit 2

(which was the same budget filed in connection with the Debtors’ motion with respect to the

approval of its proposed financing with the DIP Term Lender, together with any additional line

item or other detail and supplements as may be provided pursuant to the terms of the DIP ABL

Loan Documents, the “Initial DIP Budget”).  The Initial DIP Budget reflects, among other things,

for the 13-week period commencing on or about the Petition Date, the Debtors’ projected operating

receipts, operating disbursements, non-operating disbursements, net operating cash flow and

liquidity for each one-week period covered thereby.  The Initial DIP Budget may be modified,

amended, extended, and updated from time to time and, once approved (or deemed approved) by

the DIP Term Lender (or deemed approved) and once approved (or deemed approved) by the

Debtors, except for the purposes set forth in paragraph 25(b) of this Final Order related to the DIP

ABL Carve-Out Allocation (as defined herein), shall modify, replace, supplement or supersede, as

applicable, the Initial DIP Budget for the periods covered thereby (the Initial DIP Budget and each

subsequent approved budget (including any additional line-item or other detail and supplements

as may be provided pursuant to the terms of the DIP Term Loan Term Sheet) shall constitute,

without duplication, an “Agreed Budget”); provided, however, that any changes to the professional

fee budget for Committee professionals shall require the prior written consent of the Committee.

13

=== page 14 ===
Case 25-80002-sgj11    Doc 670    Filed 02/14/25    Entered 02/14/25 10:23:30    Desc

Main Document      Page 14 of 51

As part of the process for determining an Agreed Budget, any Professional Person (as defined

herein) may request a “true up” for any accrued fees and expenses exceeding the amounts

estimated as part of any prior Agreed Budget, with such requests subject to approval in the

Debtors’ reasonable discretion (with consent of the DIP ABL Lender); provided the “true up”

described in this sentence does not increase the Agreed Budget for purposes of calculating the DIP

ABL Carve-Out Allocation.  To avoid doubt, except as set forth in paragraph 25 of this Final

Order, the Agreed Budget is solely subject to approval by the DIP Term Lender and, once approved

by the DIP Term Lender, shall be deemed an Agreed Budget for purposes of this Final Order and

the DIP ABL Credit Agreement.  A copy of the Agreed Budget for purposes of this Final Order is

attached hereto as Exhibit 2.  This Agreed Budget has been prepared by the Debtors, their

management, and their advisors, and the Debtors believe that the Agreed Budget is reasonable

under the circumstances.  The DIP ABL Lender is relying, in part, upon the Debtors’ agreement

to comply with the Agreed Budget (subject only to Permitted Variances) and the terms of the DIP

ABL Credit Agreement in determining to enter into the DIP ABL Facility and to consent to the

use of Cash Collateral provided for in this Final Order.  The Debtors’ failure to comply with the

Agreed Budget (subject only to the Permitted Variances) shall constitute an “Event of Default”

under the DIP ABL Credit Agreement.  No item in the Agreed Budget shall be construed or treated

as a cap, limit, or constraint on the fees and expenses of the DIP ABL Lender or the obligation of

the DIP ABL Borrowers to satisfy such obligations.

p. 
Use of Cash Collateral and Proceeds of DIP ABL Facility.  As a condition to the

Debtors’ entry into the DIP ABL Credit Agreement and the other DIP ABL Loan Documents and

the extension of credit under the DIP ABL Facility, including the use of Cash Collateral, the

Debtors have agreed that the proceeds of the DIP ABL Facility and Cash Collateral shall be used

solely in accordance with the terms and conditions of this Final Order, the DIP ABL Credit

Agreement, and the Agreed Budget (subject to Permitted Variances).  All of the Debtors’ cash

constituting DIP ABL Collateral, including the Debtors’ cash and other amounts on deposit or

maintained in any banking, checking, or other deposit accounts by the Debtors, any amounts

14

=== page 15 ===
Case 25-80002-sgj11    Doc 670    Filed 02/14/25    Entered 02/14/25 10:23:30    Desc

Main Document      Page 15 of 51

generated by the collection of accounts receivable constituting DIP ABL Collateral or other

disposition of the DIP ABL Collateral or DIP ABL Collateral deposited into the Debtors’ banking,

checking, or other deposit accounts as of the Petition Date, and the proceeds of any of the

foregoing, wherever located, is the DIP ABL Lender’s Cash Collateral.

q. 
Section 506(c), Section 552(b) and Marshaling.  As a material inducement to the

DIP ABL Lender’s agreement that its liens and superpriority claims shall be subject to payment of

the Carve-Out (up to the amount of the DIP ABL Carve-Out Allocation) and the Permitted Prior

ABL Liens, the DIP ABL Lender is entitled to (i) a waiver of the equitable doctrine of

“marshaling” or any similar doctrine with respect to the DIP ABL Collateral and the DIP ABL

Obligations in favor of the DIP ABL Lender; (ii) a waiver of any “equities of the case” exception

under section 552(b) of the Bankruptcy Code with respect to the Prepetition ABL Lender; and (iii)

a waiver of the provisions of section 506(c) of the Bankruptcy Code with respect to the DIP ABL

Collateral.

r. 
Requisite Authority.  Each Debtor has all requisite corporate or entity power and

authority to execute and deliver the DIP ABL Credit Agreement and the other DIP ABL Loan

Documents to which it is a party and to perform its obligations thereunder.

s. 
Immediate Entry.  Sufficient cause exists for immediate entry of this Final Order

pursuant to Bankruptcy Rules 4001(b)(2) and 4001(c)(2) and the applicable Local Rules.

Consummation of the DIP ABL Facility and the permitted use of Prepetition ABL Collateral in

accordance with this Final Order and the DIP ABL Loan Documents, is therefore in the best

interests of the Debtors’ estates and consistent with the Debtors’ exercise of their fiduciary duties.

NOW, THEREFORE, based upon the foregoing findings and conclusions, the Motion, and

the record before this Court, and after due consideration, and this Court having found good and

sufficient cause therefor,

IT IS HEREBY ORDERED THAT:

1. 
Motion Granted.  The relief sought in the Motion is granted as set forth herein.

Entry into the DIP ABL Credit Agreement and, as applicable, the other DIP ABL Loan Documents

15

=== page 16 ===
Case 25-80002-sgj11    Doc 670    Filed 02/14/25    Entered 02/14/25 10:23:30    Desc

Main Document      Page 16 of 51

is authorized and approved, and the use of Cash Collateral on a final basis is authorized, in each

case, subject to the terms and conditions set forth in this Final Order and in the DIP ABL Credit

Agreement, including the Agreed Budget (subject to Permitted Variances).  All objections to the

Motion to the extent not withdrawn, waived, settled, or resolved are hereby denied and overruled

on the merits.

2. 
Authorization of the DIP ABL Facility (including the DIP ABL Roll-Up

Obligations).  The Debtors were, pursuant to the Interim Order, and hereby are expressly and

immediately authorized and empowered to execute and deliver the DIP ABL Credit Agreement

and the other DIP ABL Loan Documents (in each case, to the extent not previously executed and

delivered), and to incur and perform the DIP ABL Obligations, including DIP ABL Roll-Up

Obligations, in accordance with, and subject to, the terms of this Final Order and the DIP ABL

Loan Documents, and to execute, deliver, and perform (and to cause the DIP ABL Guarantor to

execute, deliver, and perform) under all instruments, certificates, agreements, and documents

which may be required or necessary for their performance under the DIP ABL Loan Documents,

and the creation, perfection, and continuation (as applicable) of the DIP ABL Liens described in

and provided for by this Final Order and the DIP ABL Loan Document.  The Debtors were,

pursuant to the Interim Order, and hereby continue to be authorized to pay any principal, interest,

fees, expenses, and other amounts subject to and in accordance with the DIP ABL Loan Documents

and this Final Order, as such amounts become due and owing, without further Court approval

(except as otherwise provided herein or in the DIP ABL Loan Documents), including, without

limitation, (a) the Commitment Fee and other fees included in the DIP ABL Credit Agreement, as

well as (b) any reasonable and documented fees and expenses of counsel to the DIP ABL Lender,

as set forth herein and in the DIP ABL Credit Agreement, subject to paragraph 26 of this Final

Order, and to take any other actions that may be necessary or appropriate, all to the extent provided

in this Final Order and the DIP ABL Loan Documents.  Upon execution and delivery, the DIP

ABL Credit Agreement and, as applicable, the other DIP ABL Loan Documents shall represent

legal, valid, and binding obligations of the Debtors, enforceable against the Debtors and their

16

=== page 17 ===
Case 25-80002-sgj11    Doc 670    Filed 02/14/25    Entered 02/14/25 10:23:30    Desc

Main Document      Page 17 of 51

estates in accordance with their terms.  All provisions of the DIP ABL Credit Agreement are

incorporated herein and approved in their entirety.  Each officer of the Debtors acting individually

is hereby authorized to execute and deliver each of the DIP ABL Credit Agreements and the other

DIP ABL Loan Documents.

3. 
DIP ABL Obligations.  The DIP ABL Loan Documents and this Final Order shall

constitute and evidence the validity and binding effect of the DIP ABL Obligations.  All DIP ABL

Obligations shall be enforceable against the Debtors, their respective estates, and any successors

thereto, including without limitation, any trustee appointed in the Chapter 11 Cases, or in any case

under chapter 7 of the Bankruptcy Code upon the conversion of the Chapter 11 Cases, or in any

other proceeding superseding or related to any of the foregoing (the “Successor Case”).  The DIP

ABL Obligations shall include, but not be limited to, (a) the payment by the Debtors of (i) the

unpaid principal amount of and interest on the DIP ABL Loans, as and when due, whether at

maturity, by acceleration, or otherwise, and (ii) all other monetary obligations of the Debtors to

the DIP ABL Lender under the DIP ABL Loan Documents and this Final Order, and (b) the

payment and performance of all covenants, duties, agreements, obligations and liabilities of the

Debtors to the DIP ABL Lender under the DIP ABL Loan Documents and this Final Order.  The

Debtors and their successors shall be jointly and severally liable for repayment of any funds

advanced pursuant to the DIP ABL Loan Documents and the DIP ABL Obligations.  The DIP

ABL Obligations shall become due and payable, without notice or demand, on the DIP ABL

Maturity Date (as set forth in the DIP ABL Credit Agreement) or as otherwise set forth in the DIP

ABL Loan Documents.  No obligation, payment, transfer, or grant of collateral as security

hereunder or under the DIP ABL Loan Documents (including any DIP ABL Obligation or DIP

ABL Liens) to the DIP ABL Lender shall be stayed, restrained, voidable, avoidable, or

recoverable, under the Bankruptcy Code or under any applicable law, or be subject to any

disgorgement, avoidance, reduction, setoff, recoupment, offset, recharacterization, subordination,

claim, counterclaim, charge, assessment, cross-claim, defense, or any other liability or challenge

17

=== page 18 ===
Case 25-80002-sgj11    Doc 670    Filed 02/14/25    Entered 02/14/25 10:23:30    Desc

Main Document      Page 18 of 51

under the Bankruptcy Code or any applicable law or regulation by any person or entity for any

reason.

4. 
Authorization to Borrow.  The Debtors are hereby authorized to execute, deliver,

enter into, and, as applicable, comply with and perform all of their obligations, and to pay all fees,

costs, expenses, indemnities, and other amounts contemplated, under the DIP ABL Credit

Agreement (and any other DIP ABL Loan Documents), including the DIP ABL Roll-Up

Obligations, and to take such other and further acts as may be necessary, appropriate or desirable

in connection therewith.  The Debtors are authorized to borrow up to the Facility Cap subject to

the limitations of the “Borrowing Base” as set forth in the DIP ABL Credit Agreement, and the

Debtors are hereby authorized to provide a guaranty of payment and performance in respect of the

DIP ABL Obligations, in each case, in accordance with the DIP ABL Credit Agreement, and the

DIP ABL Obligations are hereby approved (as and when such amounts become earned, due, and

payable in accordance with the DIP ABL Credit Agreement) without the need to seek further Court

approval.  Notwithstanding anything to the contrary herein or in any other DIP ABL Loan

Document or otherwise, the DIP ABL Lender shall not be required to lend any amounts in excess

of the “Borrowing Base” in accordance with the DIP ABL Credit Agreement.

5. 
Cash Management. From and after the date of the entry of this Final Order, the

Debtors shall maintain cash management in accordance with the DIP ABL Loan Documents and

shall maintain all control agreements (i.e., DACAs and DAISAs) required by the Prepetition ABL

Credit Agreement and the DIP ABL Loan Documents (the “Control Agreements”). Unless

otherwise agreed to in writing by the DIP ABL Lender, the Debtors shall maintain no accounts

except those identified in any interim and/or final order granting the Debtors’ Emergency Motion

for Entry of an Order (I) Authorizing the Debtors to (A) Continue Their Existing Cash

Management System and Maintain Their Existing Bank Accounts, (B) Continue to Perform

Intercompany Transactions and (C) Maintain Existing Business Forms and Books and Records;

and (II) Granting Related Relief. All Control Agreements in place as of the Petition Date shall

remain in effect for the benefit of the DIP ABL Lender as if the DIP ABL Borrowers or other

18

=== page 19 ===
Case 25-80002-sgj11    Doc 670    Filed 02/14/25    Entered 02/14/25 10:23:30    Desc

Main Document      Page 19 of 51

applicable Debtor had signed such Control Agreement post-petition and as if the DIP ABL Lender

had signed such Control Agreement pursuant to the DIP ABL Credit Agreement.  The DIP ABL

Borrowers and the DIP ABL Lender shall be authorized to amend any Control Agreement in

accordance with this Final Order or as otherwise deemed necessary by the Debtors and the DIP

ABL Lender; provided that no Control Agreement related in any way to the DIP ABL Priority

Collateral may be amended without the prior written consent of the DIP ABL Lender.

6. 
DIP ABL Collateral. The term “DIP ABL Collateral” means all “Collateral” as

defined in the DIP ABL Credit Agreement and (i) all causes of actions under section 549 of the

Bankruptcy Code to recover any postpetition transfer of DIP ABL Collateral and any proceeds

thereof and (ii) all proceeds of Avoidance Actions related to DIP ABL Collateral.8

7. 
DIP ABL Priority Collateral. The term “DIP ABL Priority Collateral” means the

“DIP ABL Priority Collateral” as defined in the DIP ABL Credit Agreement and (i) all causes of

actions under section 549 of the Bankruptcy Code to recover any postpetition transfer of DIP ABL

Priority Collateral and any proceeds thereof and (ii) all proceeds of Avoidance Actions related to

DIP ABL Priority Collateral.

8. 
Disposition of Collateral.  Notwithstanding anything otherwise provided herein,

it shall be deemed an Event of Default under the DIP ABL Credit Agreement and, as applicable,

the other DIP ABL Loan Documents if the Debtors sell, transfer, lease, encumber or otherwise

dispose of any portion of the DIP ABL Collateral, other than in the ordinary course of business or

in connection with the payments contemplated under this Final Order or the Agreed Budget

(subject to the Permitted Variances), without the prior written consent of the DIP ABL Lender,

which consent shall not unreasonably be withheld or delayed.  Notwithstanding anything otherwise

provided herein, the net cash proceeds of any sale of DIP ABL Priority Collateral outside of the

8  
For the purposes of this Final Order, “Avoidance Actions” means any and all avoidance, recovery, subordination 
or other claims, actions or remedies that may be brought by or on behalf of the Debtors or their estates or other 
authorized parties in interest under the Bankruptcy Code or other applicable law, including actions or remedies 
under sections 544, 545, 547, 548, and 550 of the Bankruptcy Code or under similar or related state or federal 
statutes and common law, including fraudulent transfer laws.

19

=== page 20 ===
Case 25-80002-sgj11    Doc 670    Filed 02/14/25    Entered 02/14/25 10:23:30    Desc

Main Document      Page 20 of 51

ordinary course of business shall, subject to the lien priorities set forth herein and in the DIP ABL

Credit Agreement, be used to immediately satisfy the DIP ABL Obligations.

9. 
DIP ABL Liens.  To secure the DIP ABL Obligations, immediately upon and

effective as of entry of this Final Order, the DIP ABL Lender is hereby granted, on a final basis,

continuing, valid, binding, enforceable, non-avoidable, and automatically and properly perfected

security interests in and liens on the DIP ABL Collateral as follows, subject only to the Carve-Out

(up to the amount of the DIP ABL Carve-Out Allocation) and Permitted Prior ABL Liens:

a. Pursuant to section 364(d)(1) of the Bankruptcy Code, valid, binding, continuing,

enforceable, non-avoidable and automatically and fully perfected first-priority 
senior priming liens and security interests in all DIP ABL Collateral, regardless of 
where located, which senior priming liens and security interests in favor of the DIP 
ABL Lender shall be senior to the Prepetition Liens; and

b. Pursuant to section 364(c)(3) of the Bankruptcy Code, valid, enforceable, non-

avoidable, and automatically and fully perfected junior liens on and security 
interests in all DIP ABL Collateral (collectively, the “DIP ABL Liens”).

Other than as set forth herein or in the DIP ABL Loan Documents, the DIP ABL Liens shall not

be made subject to or pari passu with any lien or security interest heretofore or hereinafter granted

in the Chapter 11 Cases or any Successor Case, and shall be valid and enforceable against any

trustee appointed in the Chapter 11 Cases or any Successor Case, upon the conversion of any of

the Chapter 11 Cases to a case under chapter 7 of the Bankruptcy Code (or in any other Successor

Case), and/or upon the dismissal of any of the Chapter 11 Cases or Successor Case, at any time

existing or arising, of any kind or nature whatsoever, including, without limitation, administrative

expenses.  The DIP ABL Liens shall not be subject to section 510(c), 549, or 550 of the Bankruptcy

Code. No lien or interest avoided and preserved for the benefit of the estate pursuant to section

551 of the Bankruptcy Code shall be pari passu with or senior to the DIP ABL Liens.

10. 
DIP ABL Superpriority Claims. Subject to the Carve-Out (up to the amount of

the DIP ABL Carve-Out Allocation), the DIP ABL Lender was granted, effective immediately

upon entry of the Interim Order and approved on a final basis by this Final Order, pursuant to

section 364(c)(1) of the Bankruptcy Code, allowed superpriority administrative expense claims in

20

=== page 21 ===
Case 25-80002-sgj11    Doc 670    Filed 02/14/25    Entered 02/14/25 10:23:30    Desc

Main Document      Page 21 of 51

the Chapter 11 Cases and any Successor Case (collectively, the “DIP ABL Superpriority Claims”)

for all DIP ABL Obligations with priority over any and all administrative expense claims and

unsecured claims against the Debtors’ or their estates in the Chapter 11 Cases and any Successor

Case, as provided under section 364(c)(1) of the Bankruptcy Code, and which shall be senior to

the rights of the Debtors, their estates, and their successors or other representatives to the extent

permitted by law.  The DIP ABL Superpriority Claims shall have recourse to and be payable from

all prepetition and postpetition property and assets of the Debtors and the estates including the DIP

ABL Collateral and all proceeds thereof.

11. 
No Obligation to Extend Credit.  The DIP ABL Lender shall have no obligation

to make any loan or advance under the DIP ABL Loan Documents unless (a) all of the conditions

precedent and other terms under and subject to the DIP ABL Loan Documents and this Final Order

have been satisfied in full or waived by the DIP ABL Lender (in its sole discretion), and (b) no

Event of Default under the DIP ABL Credit Agreement or the other DIP ABL Loan Documents

(including this Final Order) has occurred and is continuing.

12. 
Use of DIP ABL Facility Proceeds.  The Debtors shall be permitted to use Loans

under the DIP ABL Facility only for the purposes specifically set forth in this Final Order and the

DIP ABL Credit Agreement subject to the Agreed Budget.  Notwithstanding anything herein, the

extensions of credit under the DIP ABL Facility shall not constitute Cash Collateral of the

Prepetition Secured Parties.

13. 
No Monitoring Obligation.  The DIP ABL Lender shall not have any obligation

or responsibility to monitor any Debtor’s use of the DIP ABL Facility, and the DIP ABL Lender

may rely upon each Debtor’s representation that the use of the DIP ABL Facility at any time is in

accordance with the requirements of this Final Order and the DIP ABL Credit Agreement,

including the Agreed Budget (subject to the Permitted Variances).

14. 
Authorization to Use Cash Collateral.  Subject to the terms and conditions of this

Final Order and the DIP ABL Loan Documents, and in accordance with the Agreed Budget

(subject to the Permitted Variances), the Debtors are authorized to use Cash Collateral until the

21

=== page 22 ===
Case 25-80002-sgj11    Doc 670    Filed 02/14/25    Entered 02/14/25 10:23:30    Desc

Main Document      Page 22 of 51

DIP ABL Termination Date.

15. 
Adequate Protection for Prepetition Secured Parties.  Subject to the limitations

described in the DIP Orders, as adequate protection, solely to the extent of any Diminution of the

Prepetition Secured Parties’ asserted interest in the Prepetition Collateral resulting from the

subordination of the Prepetition Liens to the DIP ABL Liens and the Carve-Out (up to the amount

of the DIP ABL Carve-Out Allocation) and the Debtors’ continuing use of the Prepetition

Collateral (and, with respect to MPT9, certain additional accruals as set forth herein), the

Prepetition Secured Parties received, effective immediately upon entry of the Interim Order and

approved on a final basis by this Final Order (or shall receive immediately upon entry of this Final

Order, as applicable):

a. continuing valid, binding, enforceable and perfected postpetition replacement liens

pursuant to sections 361, 363(e), and 364(d)(l) of the Bankruptcy Code on the DIP

ABL Collateral (up to the amount of the DIP ABL Carve-Out Allocation), which shall

be subject and subordinated only to the Carve-Out (up to the amount of the DIP ABL

Carve-Out Allocation), the DIP ABL Liens, Permitted Prior ABL Liens and the liens

on the DIP ABL Collateral in favor of the DIP Term Lender (the “Adequate Protection

Liens”) and which (a) shall maintain the respective priorities among the Prepetition

Secured Parties in the Prepetition ABL Collateral as of the Petition Date, (b) otherwise

be senior to all other security interests in, liens on, or claims against the Prepetition

Collateral, and (c) shall not otherwise be made subject to or pari passu with any lien

or security interest heretofore or hereinafter granted in the Chapter 11 Cases or any

Successor Case and shall be valid and enforceable against any trustee appointed in the

Chapter 11 Cases or any Successor Case, and shall not be subject to sections 510(c),

549 or 550 of the Bankruptcy Code, without waiver of any of the Debtors’ or any

other party’s right to assert any and all challenges, causes of action, and claims against

9  
As used in this Final Order, “MPT” means Medical Properties Trust, Inc., together with its subsidiaries or other 
affiliates that hold claims against any Debtor.

22

=== page 23 ===
Case 25-80002-sgj11    Doc 670    Filed 02/14/25    Entered 02/14/25 10:23:30    Desc

Main Document      Page 23 of 51

the Prepetition Secured Parties; provided, however, that MPT shall receive

replacement liens (which replacement liens shall constitute Adequate Protection

Liens) on all DIP ABL Collateral, which will be subject to and subordinate to the DIP

ABL Liens, the Carve-Out, the Permitted Prior ABL Liens, and senior to all other

liens on the DIP ABL Collateral; provided further that, subject to alternative priority

set forth in any subsequent order of this Court addressing the matter and to PBGC’s

right to oppose any request for entry of any such order, as to any asset constituting

DIP ABL Collateral, such replacement liens of MPT shall have the same relative

priority with respect to the replacement liens of the PBGC granted pursuant to this

Final Order as MPT’s prepetition liens have with respect to PBGC’s prepetition liens

with respect to such asset; and

b. (i) for MPT, in addition to the replacement liens, detailed above, (A) superpriority

administrative expense claims (subject and subordinate to such claims in respect of

the Carve-Out, the Permitted Prior ABL Liens, and the DIP ABL Liens and senior to

all other claims), (B) current payment in cash of MPT’s professional fees and

expenses, in an amount no more than $1.25 million per month, with unpaid accruals

(including, without limitation, amounts in excess of such cap) secured by the

replacement liens granted to MPT described above and constituting superpriority

administrative expense claims of MPT as set forth above; and (C) claims of $5 million

per month, secured by the replacement liens granted to MPT described above and

constituting superpriority administrative expense claims of MPT as set forth above;10

(ii) for Prepetition Secured Parties who are equipment lessors, timely performance of

postpetition rent payments by the Debtors pursuant to the terms of the parties’ lease

agreement, unless and until such lease agreement is rejected under section 365 of the

Bankruptcy Code, and (iii) for Prepetition Secured Parties who are governmental

10  For the avoidance of doubt, the payments and claims referenced in (b)(i)(B) and (C) of this paragraph shall not 
be duplicative of the fees and claims under the DIP Term Loan Order.

23

=== page 24 ===
Case 25-80002-sgj11    Doc 670    Filed 02/14/25    Entered 02/14/25 10:23:30    Desc

Main Document      Page 24 of 51

taxing authorities, the same reporting requirements and obligations set forth in

paragraph 15 of the Final DIP Term Loan Order.

c. Notwithstanding anything set forth herein to the contrary, any adequate protection

payments, liens, or claims required or provided under this Final Order, including to

MPT, may be subject to clawback, disgorgement or recharacterization as payments of

principal, to the extent the applicable prepetition liens or claims are determined by a

further order of the Court to be avoidable, unenforceable or unperfected as of the

Petition Date, or unsecured in whole or in part.  All parties reserve all rights in

connection with the foregoing, including with respect to whether relief should be

granted and the remedies that may be sought in any further proceeding.

16. 
Modification of DIP ABL Loan Documents.  The Debtors and the DIP ABL

Lender are hereby authorized to implement, in accordance with the terms of the DIP ABL Loan

Documents, any non-material modifications of the DIP ABL Loan Documents without further

notice, motion, or application to, order of, or hearing before this Court.  Any material modification

or amendment to the DIP ABL Loan Documents shall only be permitted pursuant to an order of

this Court, after being submitted to this Court upon four (4) business days’ notice to the U.S.

Trustee and Prepetition Secured Parties, provided that any forbearance from, or waiver of, (a) a

breach by the Debtors of a covenant, representation or any other agreement or (b) a default or an

Event of Default, in each case under the DIP ABL Credit Agreement shall not require an order of

this Court.  In the event of any inconsistency between this Final Order, the Interim Order and the

DIP ABL Credit Agreement, this Final Order shall control; provided, further, that all

modifications, amendments, supplements or waivers shall be provided to the Committee no later

than three (3) days prior to the effectiveness thereof for non-material amendments, and four (4)

business days prior to the effectiveness thereof, for material amendments; provided, further, that,

for the avoidance of doubt, the foregoing shall not apply to any waiver that imposes no obligations

on, or is otherwise not adverse to, the Debtor.

17. 
DIP ABL Facility Reporting.  Except as otherwise provided herein or approved

24

=== page 25 ===
Case 25-80002-sgj11    Doc 670    Filed 02/14/25    Entered 02/14/25 10:23:30    Desc

Main Document      Page 25 of 51

by the DIP ABL Lender, the proceeds from the DIP ABL Facility shall be used only in compliance

with the terms of the DIP ABL Loan Documents and in accordance with the Agreed Budget.  The

Debtors shall comply with the reporting requirements and obligations set forth in the DIP ABL

Loan Documents.11

18. 
Perfection of DIP ABL Liens and Adequate Protection Liens.  This Final Order

shall be sufficient and conclusive evidence of the creation, validity, perfection, and priority of all

liens granted herein, including the DIP ABL Liens and the Adequate Protection Liens, without the

necessity of filing or recording any financing statement, mortgage, deed of trust, notice, or other

instrument or document which may otherwise be required under the law or regulation of any

jurisdiction or the taking of any other action (including entering into any deposit account control

agreement) to validate or perfect (in accordance with applicable non-bankruptcy law) the DIP ABL

Liens and the Adequate Protection Liens or to entitle the DIP ABL Lender and the Prepetition

Secured Parties to the priorities granted herein.  Notwithstanding the foregoing, the DIP ABL

Lender and the Prepetition Secured Parties are authorized, but not required, to file, as each deems

necessary or advisable, such financing statements, security agreements, deposit account control

agreements, mortgages, notices of liens and other similar documents to perfect or otherwise

evidence the DIP ABL Liens and the Adequate Protection Liens in accordance with applicable

non-bankruptcy law, and all such financing statements, mortgages, notices and other documents

shall be deemed to have been filed or recorded as of the Petition Date; provided, however, that no

such filing or recordation shall be necessary or required in order to create or perfect the DIP ABL

Liens or the Adequate Protection Liens.  The DIP ABL Lender and the Prepetition Secured Parties

may, in their respective sole discretion, file an electronic copy or photocopy of this Final Order as

a financing statement with any filing or recording office or with any registry of deeds or similar

office in addition to or in lieu of such financing statements, notices of lien or similar instruments.

To the extent that a Prepetition Secured Party is, with respect to the DIP ABL Collateral, a secured

11  The Debtors are providing the Committee and the PBGC the reporting obligations set forth in paragraph 15 of the 
Final DIP Term Loan Order.

25

=== page 26 ===
Case 25-80002-sgj11    Doc 670    Filed 02/14/25    Entered 02/14/25 10:23:30    Desc

Main Document      Page 26 of 51

party under any Prepetition Loan Documents or is listed as loss payee, lenders’ loss payee or

additional insured under any Debtor’s insurance policies, the DIP ABL Lender shall also be

deemed to be the secured party or mortgagee, as applicable, under such documents or to be the

loss payee or additional insured, as applicable.  For the avoidance of doubt, any deposit account

control agreements contemplated by the DIP ABL Credit Agreement shall automatically supersede

any preexisting deposit account control agreements, without the necessity of any further action,

including by the Debtors, the DIP ABL Lender, or the Prepetition Secured Parties.  Upon the

request of the DIP ABL Lender, each Debtor, without any further consent of any party, is

authorized to take, execute, deliver, and file any such instruments contemplated by the DIP ABL

Credit Agreement to enable the DIP ABL Lender to further validate, perfect, preserve, and enforce

the DIP ABL Liens and the applicable Adequate Protection Liens respectively.

19. 
Modification of Automatic Stay.  The automatic stay of section 362 of the

Bankruptcy Code is hereby modified to the extent necessary to permit the Debtors, the DIP ABL

Lender, and, as applicable, the Prepetition Secured Parties to accomplish the transactions

contemplated by this Final Order.

20. 
[RESERVED].

21. 
Payments Held in Trust.  Except as expressly permitted in this Final Order, the

DIP ABL Credit Agreement, or otherwise ordered by this Court, including in respect of the Carve-

Out (up to the amount of the DIP ABL Carve-Out Allocation) and the Permitted Prior ABL Liens,

in the event that any person or entity receives any payment on account of a security interest in the

DIP ABL Collateral or receives any DIP ABL Collateral or any proceeds of DIP ABL Collateral

prior to indefeasible payment in full in cash of all DIP ABL Obligations under the DIP ABL Credit

Agreement, and termination of the DIP ABL Facility in accordance with the DIP ABL Credit

Agreement, such person or entity shall be deemed to have received, and shall hold, any such

payment or proceeds of DIP ABL Collateral in trust and shall immediately turn over such proceeds

to the DIP ABL Lender, for application in accordance with this Final Order, the DIP ABL Credit

Agreement, or the applicable DIP ABL Loan Documents.

26

=== page 27 ===
Case 25-80002-sgj11    Doc 670    Filed 02/14/25    Entered 02/14/25 10:23:30    Desc

Main Document      Page 27 of 51

22. 
Maintenance of DIP ABL Collateral.  Until the payment in full of the DIP ABL

Obligations, the Debtors shall:  (a) insure the DIP ABL Collateral as required under the DIP ABL

Credit Agreement and (b) maintain the cash-management system consistent with the terms and

conditions of any order(s) governing the Debtors’ cash-management systems and the DIP ABL

Credit Agreement.

23. 
DIP ABL Termination Event; Exercise of Remedies.

a. DIP ABL Termination Event.  For purposes of this Final Order, the term

“DIP ABL Termination Event” shall mean:  (i) the occurrence of the Maturity Date,

(ii) the occurrence of any material breach or Event of Default under the DIP ABL Credit

Agreement or this Final Order, or (iii) the acceleration of the DIP ABL Obligations in

accordance with the terms of the DIP ABL Credit Agreement or the other DIP ABL

Loan Documents.

b. Exercise of Remedies.  Upon the occurrence and during the continuation

of a DIP ABL Termination Event, without further notice to, hearing of, application to,

or order from this Court, the automatic stay provisions of section 362 of the Bankruptcy

Code shall be vacated and modified to the extent necessary to permit the DIP ABL

Lender to take any of the following actions, at the same or different time: (i) deliver a

written notice (which may be via email) to counsel for the Debtors, the U.S. Trustee,

counsel for the Prepetition Secured Parties, and counsel for the Committee (the

“Remedies Notice”) declaring the occurrence of a DIP ABL Termination Event (such

date, the “DIP ABL Termination Declaration Date”) and deliver a Carve-Out Trigger

Notice; (ii) declare the termination, reduction or restriction of any commitments under

the DIP ABL Facility to the extent any such commitment remains; (iii) declare all DIP

ABL Obligations to be immediately due and payable, without presentment, demand or

protest or other notice of any kind, all of which are expressly waived by the Debtors;

(iv) declare the termination, restriction or reduction of the DIP ABL Facility and the

27

=== page 28 ===
Case 25-80002-sgj11    Doc 670    Filed 02/14/25    Entered 02/14/25 10:23:30    Desc

Main Document      Page 28 of 51

DIP ABL Loan Documents as to any further liability or obligation thereunder, but

without affecting the DIP ABL Liens, the DIP ABL Superpriority Claims, or the DIP

ABL Obligations; (v) charge default interest at the default rate set forth in the DIP ABL

Credit Agreement; and (vi) declare the termination, restriction, or revocation of the

ability of the Debtors to use Cash Collateral.

c. Waiting Period Procedures.  The Debtors may seek an emergency hearing

during the period beginning on the DIP ABL Termination Declaration Date and prior

to the expiration of the three (3) business days following the DIP ABL Termination

Declaration Date (such period, including as such period may be tolled, the “Waiting

Period”).  If, notwithstanding the foregoing, a hearing cannot be scheduled prior to the

expiration of the Waiting Period, the Waiting Period shall be deemed automatically

extended until such time as the matter can be heard by the Court.  At any hearing

regarding a Remedies Notice, the Debtors may only raise the issue of whether an Event

of Default has occurred, but for avoidance of doubt the Committee’s and all other

parties’ rights and remedies are expressly preserved (including the right to seek non-

consensual use of Cash Collateral).  During the Waiting Period, the Debtors shall

continue to have the right to use DIP ABL Collateral (including Cash Collateral) in

accordance with the terms of this Final Order, or other DIP ABL Loan Documents, and

the Agreed Budget, solely to pay any expenses which are necessary to (i) preserve the

DIP ABL Collateral or (ii) contest, in good faith, the occurrence of the Event of Default

(other than, for the avoidance of doubt, the occurrence of the Maturity Date under the

DIP ABL Credit Agreement).

d. Rights and Remedies Following DIP ABL Termination Date.  Following

a DIP ABL Termination Declaration and unless this Court has entered an order prior

to the expiration of the Waiting Period to the contrary, the DIP ABL Lender shall be

entitled to exercise all rights and remedies in accordance with this Final Order, the DIP

28

=== page 29 ===
Case 25-80002-sgj11    Doc 670    Filed 02/14/25    Entered 02/14/25 10:23:30    Desc

Main Document      Page 29 of 51

ABL Loan Documents, applicable law, and the automatic stay of section 362 of the

Bankruptcy Code shall automatically, without further order of this Court, be lifted, to

allow the DIP ABL Lender to pursue all rights and remedies in accordance with the

DIP ABL Credit Agreement, the other DIP ABL Loan Documents, this Final Order,

and applicable law.

24. 
No Waiver by Failure to Seek Relief.  The rights and remedies of the DIP ABL

Lender specified herein are cumulative and not exclusive of any rights or remedies that the DIP

ABL Lender may have under this Final Order, the DIP ABL Loan Documents, applicable law, or

otherwise.  The failure or delay on the part of the DIP ABL Lender to seek relief or otherwise

exercise its rights and remedies under this Final Order, the DIP ABL Loan Documents, or

applicable law shall not constitute a waiver of any of their respective rights.  Except as expressly

set forth herein, none of the rights or remedies of the DIP ABL Lender under this Final Order or

the DIP ABL Loan Documents shall be deemed to have been amended, modified, suspended, or

waived unless such amendment, modification, suspension, or waiver is express, in writing and

signed by the DIP ABL Lender.  No consent required hereunder by the DIP ABL Lender shall be

implied by any inaction or acquiescence by the DIP ABL Lender.

25. 
Carve-Out.

a. Priority of Carve-Out.  The DIP ABL Liens and the DIP ABL Superpriority

Claims shall be subject and subordinate to payment of the Carve-Out (up to the

amount of the DIP ABL Carve-Out Allocation (as defined herein)) and up to 15%

of any transaction fees or the like earned by, and unpaid to, Houlihan Lokey, Inc.

The Carve-Out (up to the amount of the DIP ABL Carve-Out Allocation) shall be

senior to all claims and liens over all assets of the Debtors, including any DIP ABL

Collateral, as set forth in the ABL DIP Orders.

b. DIP ABL Carve-Out Allocation.  Because the DIP ABL Borrowers comprise only

a portion of the Debtors for which Professional Persons are providing services, the

29

=== page 30 ===
Case 25-80002-sgj11    Doc 670    Filed 02/14/25    Entered 02/14/25 10:23:30    Desc

Main Document      Page 30 of 51

DIP ABL Liens and the DIP ABL Superpriority Claims shall only be subject to

fifteen percent (15%) of the Carve Out as set forth in the Agreed Budget attached

to this Final Order (the amount of such fifteen percent (15%) of the Carve Out, the

“DIP ABL Carve-Out Allocation”).  Notwithstanding anything to the contrary

herein, no modification, amendment, extension, or update to the Agreed Budget

shall increase the amount of the DIP ABL Carve-Out Allocation which is fixed at

the amount of fifteen (15%) of the Agreed Budget attached to this Final Order. For

the purpose of calculating the DIP ABL Carve-Out Allocation, the Agreed Budget

attached to this Final Order shall control and remain in effect for purposes of

calculating the DIP ABL Carve-Out Allocation except as consented to by the DIP

ABL Lender.

c. Carve-Out.  The term “Carve-Out” shall mean the sum of (i) all fees required to

be paid to the Clerk of the Court and to the United States Trustee under 28 U.S.C.

§ 1930(a), together with any interest thereon pursuant to 31 U.S.C. § 3717

(“Statutory Fees”), which shall not be subject to the Agreed Budget; (ii) Court-

allowed fees and expenses of a trustee appointed under section 726(b) of the

Bankruptcy Code in an amount not to exceed $50,000, (iii) to the extent allowed at

any time, whether by interim order, procedural order, or otherwise, all unpaid fees

and expenses, including transaction fees or similar fees (the “Allowed Professional

Fees”), incurred by persons or firms retained by the Debtors pursuant to sections

327, 328, or 363 of the Bankruptcy Code (the “Debtor Professionals”) and persons

or firms retained by the Committee pursuant to sections 328 or 1103 of the

Bankruptcy Code or the patient care ombudsman in these Chapter 11 Cases (if any)

(the “Committee Professionals” and, together with the Debtor Professionals,

the “Professional Persons”), at any time before or on the first calendar day

following delivery by the DIP ABL Lender of a Carve-Out Trigger Notice (as

30

=== page 31 ===
Case 25-80002-sgj11    Doc 670    Filed 02/14/25    Entered 02/14/25 10:23:30    Desc

Main Document      Page 31 of 51

defined below), whether allowed by the Court prior to or after delivery of a Carve-

Out Trigger Notice (the “Pre-Trigger Date Fees”), subject, in the case of all

Professional Persons, and solely for purposes of this clause (iii) of the Carve-Out,

to the Agreed Budget and any limits by the ABL DIP Orders, provided that

Professional Persons may carry forward budgeted but unused amounts set forth in

the Agreed Budget for any week for use in any one or more subsequent weeks; and

(iv) Allowed Professional Fees of Professional Persons in an aggregate amount not

to exceed $4,000,000 incurred after the first calendar day following delivery by the

DIP ABL Lender of the Carve-Out Trigger Notice (the “Trigger Date”), to the

extent allowed at any time, whether by interim order, procedural order, or otherwise

(which shall not be subject to the Agreed Budget)  (the amounts set forth in this

clause (iv) being the “Post-Carve-Out Trigger Notice Cap” or the “Carve-Out

Cap”); provided that nothing herein shall be construed to impair the ability of the

DIP ABL Lender to object to the fees, expenses, reimbursement or compensation

described in clauses (iii) or (iv) above, on any grounds.  Solely for purposes of

clause (iii) of the Carve-Out,  in the event that Allowed Professional Fees exceed

or are expected to exceed the amounts provided in the Agreed Budget, the parties

will negotiate in good faith (but without further obligation) regarding a proposed

amendment to the Agreed Budget to address such additional Allowed Professional

Fees; provided that any increase to the Carve Out Cap is subject to the reasonable

review and consent of the DIP ABL Lender prior to the date on which such Agreed

Budget becomes effective and any increase to the DIP ABL Carve Out Allocation

is subject to paragraph 25(b) of this Final Order.  For purposes of this Final Order,

“Carve-Out Trigger Notice” shall mean a written notice delivered by email (or other

electronic means) by the DIP ABL Lender or its counsel to the Debtors, their lead

restructuring counsel, the U.S. Trustee, counsel to the Prepetition Secured Parties,

counsel to the DIP Term Lender, and counsel to the Committee, which notice may

31

=== page 32 ===
Case 25-80002-sgj11    Doc 670    Filed 02/14/25    Entered 02/14/25 10:23:30    Desc

Main Document      Page 32 of 51

be delivered following the occurrence and during the continuation of an Event of

Default and acceleration of the Loans under and as such terms are defined in the

DIP ABL Credit Agreement, stating that the Post-Carve-Out Trigger Notice Cap

has been invoked.

d. Fee Reserve.  As soon as reasonably practicable following the entry of this Final

Order, and each week thereafter, the Debtors shall transfer cash on hand or cash

proceeds from the DIP ABL Facility in an amount equal to the amount of fees and

expenses reflected in the Agreed Budget for the Professional Persons, respectively,

into two segregated Carve-Out Accounts12 (one for Debtor Professionals and one

for Committee Professionals) in an amount equal to the amount of fees and

expenses reflected in the Agreed Budget for each Professional Person for such

week.  The Debtors shall be authorized to use funds held in the Carve-Out Accounts

solely to pay professional fees of the applicable Professional Persons, as they

become allowed, due and payable pursuant to any compensation procedures of the

Court until the payment in full of all allowed professionals fees; provided, that the

Debtors’ obligations to pay allowed professional fees shall in no way be limited to

funds held in the applicable Carve-Out Accounts.

e.  Carve Out Trigger Notice. The Carve-Out Trigger Notice shall constitute a

demand to the Debtors to utilize all cash on hand as of such date (and any available

cash thereafter) to transfer to the applicable Carve-Out Accounts an amount of cash

equal to the remaining unfunded portion of the Carve-Out.  Neither the DIP ABL

Lender nor any of the Prepetition Secured Parties shall sweep or foreclose upon any

cash on hand or subsequent cash of the Debtors (including cash received as a result

of the sale or other disposition of any assets) until the Carve-Out Accounts have

12  “Carve-Out Account” means a separate segregated account not subject to the control of the DIP ABL Lender, the 
DIP Term Loan Lender, or any of the Prepetition Secured Parties.

32

=== page 33 ===
Case 25-80002-sgj11    Doc 670    Filed 02/14/25    Entered 02/14/25 10:23:30    Desc

Main Document      Page 33 of 51

been fully funded in an amount equal to all remaining unfunded portions of the

Carve Out as required hereunder.

f. Upon entry of this Final Order, any amounts previously funded to the segregated

“Carve-Out Trigger Notice Reserve” pursuant to the Interim Order, in addition to

any unfunded and accrued amounts as of the entry of the Final Order by any Debtor

Professional, shall be appropriately re-distributed into the two Carve-Out Accounts

pursuant to this paragraph.  The Carve-Out Accounts shall be funded on a weekly

basis, and shall contain an amount equal to the amount of fees reflected in the

Agreed Budget for the Debtor Professionals and the Committee Professionals,

respectively from the Closing Date through the weekly date of funding.  The

aggregate amounts within the Agreed Budget allocated for Committee

Professionals may be reallocated among the Committee Professionals, as

determined by the Committee Professionals.

g. Carve-Out Draw.  Subject to exhaustion of the DIP ABL Loans and the applicable

terms of the DIP ABL Loan Documents, the Debtors shall be permitted to draw on

the DIP ABL Facility in the amount of any remaining unfunded portions of the DIP

ABL Carve-Out Allocation less any unfunded portions of the DIP ABL Carve-Out

Allocation, notwithstanding any default, Event of Default, or the occurrence of a

Trigger Date; provided that in no event shall the DIP ABL Lender be obligated to

lend any amounts in excess of the Borrowing Base or the Facility Cap, as such

terms are defined in the DIP ABL Loan Documents.  Any Carve-Out Trigger Notice

shall be deemed a consent by the DIP ABL Lender to authorize the Debtors to

deposit Cash Collateral or DIP ABL Facility proceeds into the applicable Carve-

Out Accounts in an amount equal to the unfunded portion of the sum of the Post-

Carve-Out Trigger Notice Cap and any budgeted amounts reflected in the Agreed

Budget through the date of the Carve-Out Trigger Notice that have not already been

33

=== page 34 ===
Case 25-80002-sgj11    Doc 670    Filed 02/14/25    Entered 02/14/25 10:23:30    Desc

Main Document      Page 34 of 51

deposited in the Carve-Out Accounts.  In accordance with the DIP ABL Loan

Documents, the DIP ABL Lender shall be entitled to maintain a reserve in the

amount of a reasonable estimate of amounts that may be included in the DIP ABL

Carve-Out Allocation or that are or may be payable from any proceeds of a

transaction, including amounts which are or may become payable to any

Professional Persons which would be included in the DIP ABL Carve Out

Allocation.

h. Notwithstanding anything contained herein to the contrary, funds transferred to the

Carve-Out Accounts (i) shall be held in trust exclusively for the benefit of the

Professional Persons, including with respect to obligations arising under the Carve

Out, and (ii) shall not be subject to any liens or claims granted to the DIP ABL

Lender or any other creditors and shall not constitute DIP ABL Collateral or

Prepetition Collateral; provided, however, that the DIP ABL Lender shall have a

reversionary interest in the funds held in the Carve-Out Accounts, if any, after all

amounts included in the Carve Out have been funded into the applicable Carve-Out

Accounts and all Allowed Professional Fees have been paid in full pursuant to a

final order of the Court.  All funds in the Carve-Out Accounts shall be used to pay

all obligations set forth in the definition of Carve Out until such obligations are paid

in full.

i. Payment of Allowed Professional Fees Prior to the Trigger Date.  Any payment

or reimbursement made prior to the occurrence of the Trigger Date in respect of

any Allowed Professional Fees shall not reduce the Carve-Out.

j. No Direct Obligation to Pay Professional Fees; No Waiver of Right to Object

to Fees.  The DIP ABL Lender shall not be obligated, liable, or in any way

responsible for the direct payment or reimbursement of any fees or disbursements

of any of the Professional Persons incurred in connection with the Chapter 11 Cases

34

=== page 35 ===
Case 25-80002-sgj11    Doc 670    Filed 02/14/25    Entered 02/14/25 10:23:30    Desc

Main Document      Page 35 of 51

or any Successor Cases under any chapter of the Bankruptcy Code.  Nothing in the

DIP Orders or otherwise shall be construed to obligate the DIP ABL Lender in any

way to pay compensation to, or to reimburse expenses of, any of the Professional

Persons, or to guarantee that the Debtors or their estates has sufficient funds to pay

such compensation or reimbursement.  Nothing herein shall be construed as consent

to the allowance of any fees and/or expenses of Professional Persons of any of the

Debtors, the Committee, any other official or unofficial committee in these

Chapter 11 Cases or any Successor Cases, or of any other person or entity, or shall

affect the right of the DIP ABL Lender to object to the allowance and payment of

any such fees and expenses.  Notwithstanding anything to the contrary in this Final

Order, (A) the failure of the Carve-Out Trigger Notice Reserve to satisfy in full

the Allowed Professional Fees shall not affect the priority of the Carve Out with

respect to any shortfall, and (B) subject to the limitations with respect to the DIP

ABL Lender, in no way shall any Agreed Budget, Carve Out, or Carve Out Cap

be construed as a cap or limitation on the amount of the Allowed Professional

Fees due and payable by the Debtors (which includes, for the avoidance of doubt,

the Allowed Professional Fees of the Committee’s advisors).

26. 
Approval of DIP ABL Fees.  In consideration for the DIP ABL Facility, the DIP

ABL Lender shall be paid all fees, expenses and other amounts payable under the applicable DIP

ABL Loan Documents as such become due, including, without limitation, the Commitment Fee

(which was deemed fully earned and allowed upon entry of the Interim Order and paid in full in

cash from the proceeds of the “Initial Draw,” as that term is defined in the DIP ABL Credit

Agreement), and the reasonable and documented fees and expenses of the DIP ABL Lender in

connection with the DIP ABL Facility (all such fees, together, the “DIP ABL Fees”).  The DIP

ABL Fees were approved on a final basis upon entry of the Interim Order and were deemed to be

allowed, fully earned, non-refundable, and payable in accordance with the terms of the DIP ABL

Credit Agreement without the need for any further order of this Court.  The DIP ABL Fees and

35

=== page 36 ===
Case 25-80002-sgj11    Doc 670    Filed 02/14/25    Entered 02/14/25 10:23:30    Desc

Main Document      Page 36 of 51

the approval thereof in the Interim Order is hereby ratified and adopted in full and such amounts

shall continue to be deemed allowed, fully earned, and non-refundable; provided that, upon entry

of this Final Order, the DIP ABL Fees shall be payable in accordance with the terms of the DIP

ABL Loan Documents.  The DIP ABL Fees shall be part of the DIP ABL Obligations.

27. 
DIP ABL Lender’ Professionals’ Fees.  Professionals for the DIP ABL Lender

(“DIP ABL Lender Counsel”) on behalf of the DIP ABL Lender (the “DIP ABL Lender

Professionals”) shall provide summary copies of any invoices (which shall not be required to

contain time entries and which may be redacted or modified to the extent necessary to delete any

information subject to the attorney-client privilege, any information constituting attorney work

product or any other confidential information, and the provision of such invoices shall not

constitute any waiver of the attorney-client privilege, the attorney work product doctrine or any

other evidentiary privilege or protection recognized under applicable law) with: (i) a summary of

the work performed during the relevant compensation period; (ii) the name of, hourly rate (if

applicable) of, and number of hours worked by each professional and paraprofessional who

worked on the matter during the relevant compensation period; and (iii) the total fee amount being

requested by electronic mail to the U.S. Trustee and counsel to the Committee contemporaneously

with the delivery of such fee and expense statements to the Debtors.  At the conclusion of the

Review Period (as defined below) the DIP ABL Lender shall promptly pay in full all such invoiced

fees and expenses of the DIP ABL Lender Counsel, other than the Disputed Invoiced Fees (as

defined below), directly to the DIP ABL Lender Counsel, and such amount shall be added to the

DIP ABL Obligations.  Any objections raised by the Debtors, the U.S. Trustee or the Committee

with respect to such invoices (the “Disputed Invoiced Fees”) must be in writing and state with

particularity the grounds therefor and must be submitted to the applicable professional within ten

(10) days of the receipt of such invoice (the “Review Period”) (to be followed by the filing with

this Court, if necessary, of a motion or other pleading, with at least ten (10) days’ prior written

notice by the submitting party of any hearing on such motion or other pleading).  Notwithstanding

the foregoing, on or about the date of entry of this Final Order, the DIP ABL Lender shall pay fees

36

=== page 37 ===
Case 25-80002-sgj11    Doc 670    Filed 02/14/25    Entered 02/14/25 10:23:30    Desc

Main Document      Page 37 of 51

and expenses of the DIP ABL Lender Professionals incurred prior to such date, without the need

for any DIP ABL Lender Professional to first deliver a copy of its invoice as provided for herein

and such amounts shall be added directly to the balance of the DIP ABL Loan Obligations.  No

DIP ABL Lender Professionals shall be required to file an application seeking compensation for

services or reimbursement of expenses with this Court.

28. 
Effect of Stipulations on Third Parties. The Debtors’ Stipulations and the Release

contained herein shall be binding in all circumstances upon the Debtors upon entry of this Final

Order and upon their Estates upon entry of the Final Order. The Debtors’ Stipulations shall be

binding upon each other party-in-interest, including the Committee, except to the extent such party

in interest first obtains standing (including any chapter 11 trustee) or if the Chapter 11 Cases are

converted to cases under chapter 7 prior to the expiration of the Challenge Period (as defined

herein), the chapter 7 trustee in such Successor Case), by no later than March 30, 2025 (the

“Challenge Period,” and the date that is the next calendar day after the termination of the Challenge

Period in the event that either (i) no Challenge (as defined herein) is properly raised during the

Challenge Period or (ii) with respect only to those parties who properly file a contested matter,

adversary proceeding, or other matter challenging or otherwise objecting to the admissions,

stipulations, findings, or releases included in the Debtors’ Stipulations (each, a “Challenge”), such

Challenge is fully and finally adjudicated, (i) and (ii) shall be referred to as the “Challenge Period

Termination Date”) and second, obtains a final, non-appealable order in favor of such party-in-

interest sustaining any such Challenge in any such timely-filed contested matter, adversary

proceeding, or other action (any such Challenge timely brought for which such a final and non-

appealable order is so obtained, a “Successful Challenge”). The filing of a motion seeking standing

to file a Challenge before the expiration of the Challenge Period, which attaches a proposed

Challenge, shall extend the Challenge Period with respect to solely that party until two business

days after the Court approves the standing motion, or such other time period ordered by the Court

in approving the standing motion. Except as otherwise expressly provided herein, from and after

the Challenge Period Termination Date and for all purposes in these Chapter 11 Cases and any

37

=== page 38 ===
Case 25-80002-sgj11    Doc 670    Filed 02/14/25    Entered 02/14/25 10:23:30    Desc

Main Document      Page 38 of 51

Successor Cases (and after the dismissal of these Chapter 11 Cases or any Successor Cases), and

without further notice, motion, or application to, order of, or hearing before this Court, (i) any and

all payments made to or for the benefit of the Prepetition ABL Lender,  or otherwise authorized

by this Final Order (whether made prior to, on, or after the Petition Date) shall not be subject to

counterclaim, set-off, subordination, recharacterization, defense, disallowance, recovery or

avoidance by any party in interest, (ii) any and all such Challenges by any party-in-interest shall

be deemed to be forever released, waived, and barred, (iii) all of the Prepetition ABL Obligations

shall be deemed to be fully allowed claims within the meaning of section 506 of the Bankruptcy

Code, and (iv) the Debtors’ Stipulations shall be binding on all parties in interest in these Chapter

11 Cases or any Successor Cases, including any Committee or chapter 11 or chapter 7 trustee.

Notwithstanding the foregoing, to the extent any Challenge is timely asserted, the Debtors’

Stipulations and the other provisions in clauses (i) through (iv) in the immediately preceding

sentence shall nonetheless remain binding and preclusive on any Committee and on any other

party-in-interest from and after the Challenge Period Termination Date, except to the extent that

such Debtors’ Stipulations or the other provisions in clauses (i) through (iv) of the immediately

preceding sentence were expressly challenged in such Challenge and such Challenge becomes a

Successful Challenge; provided, that all other stipulations (other than those subject to a Successful

Challenge) shall remain binding on any Committee or other party-in-interest. Notwithstanding any

provision to the contrary in the DIP ABL Orders, nothing in this Final Order shall be construed to

grant standing on any party in interest, including any Committee, to bring any Challenge on behalf

of the Debtors’ Estates. The failure of any party-in-interest, including any Committee, to obtain an

order of this Court prior to the Challenge Period Termination Date granting standing to bring any

Challenge on behalf of the Debtors’ Estates shall not be a defense to failing to commence a

Challenge prior to the Challenge Period Termination Date as required under this paragraph 28 or

to require or permit an extension of the Challenge Period Termination Date. No portion of the

Carve-Out, any Cash Collateral, any other DIP ABL Collateral, or any proceeds of the DIP ABL

Facility, including any disbursements set forth in the Agreed Budget or obligations benefitting

38

=== page 39 ===
Case 25-80002-sgj11    Doc 670    Filed 02/14/25    Entered 02/14/25 10:23:30    Desc

Main Document      Page 39 of 51

from the Carve-Out (up to the amount of the DIP ABL Carve-Out Allocation), shall be used for

the payment of Allowed Professional Fees, disbursements, costs or expenses incurred by any

person, including, without limitation, any Committee, in connection with challenging the DIP ABL

Lender or the Prepetition ABL Lender’s liens or claims, preventing, hindering or delaying any of

the DIP ABL Lender’ or the Prepetition ABL Lender enforcement or realization upon any of the

DIP ABL Collateral, or initiating or prosecuting any claim or action against the DIP ABL Lender

or Prepetition ABL Lender.  Notwithstanding anything in this Paragraph 28 to the contrary, PBGC

shall not be required to initiate a Challenge to preserve all of its rights and priority with respect to

its lien described in the PBGC Subordination Agreement (defined below).  Following a Successful

Challenge related to the Stipulations in paragraphs e(ii)-e(iv), the DIP ABL Roll Up shall be

unwound in the amount of the Prepetition ABL Obligations minus the amount lent to the Debtors

on or prior to the Challenge Period Termination Date  under the DIP ABL Credit Agreement.

29. 
Indemnification.  The DIP ABL Lender (and its affiliates and respective officers,

directors, employees, advisors, and agents, solely in such capacity) (each such person,

an “Indemnitee”) will have no liability for and will be indemnified and held harmless by the

Debtors and their estates against, any losses, claims, damages, liabilities or expenses incurred in

respect of the financing contemplated hereby or the use or the proposed use of proceeds thereof,

except to the extent they are found by a final, non-appealable judgment of a court of competent

jurisdiction to arise from the gross negligence, bad faith or willful misconduct of the relevant

indemnified person (or any of its affiliates or any of its or its respective officers, directors,

employees, advisors or agents).  Such indemnity shall not be available (a) to the extent arising

from a material breach of any obligation of such Indemnitee under the applicable DIP ABL Loan

Documents or (b) to the extent arising out of any loss, claim, damage, liability or expense that does

not involve an act or omission of the Debtors and that is brought by an Indemnitee against another

Indemnitee.

30. 
Proofs of Claim.  Notwithstanding any order entered by this Court, the DIP ABL

Lender shall not be required to file a proof of claim in the Chapter 11 Cases or Successor Case,

39

=== page 40 ===
Case 25-80002-sgj11    Doc 670    Filed 02/14/25    Entered 02/14/25 10:23:30    Desc

Main Document      Page 40 of 51

and the Interim Order was deemed to constitute a timely filed proof of claim and the entry of this

Final Order shall be deemed to constitute a timely and valid amendment of such proof of claim.

Any order entered by this Court in relation to the establishment of a bar date (a “Bar Date Order”)

for any claim (including administrative claims) in the Chapter 11 Cases or Successor Case shall

not apply to the DIP ABL Lender.  Notwithstanding the foregoing, the DIP ABL Lender may, in

its sole discretion, file (and amend or supplement) one or more proofs of claim or aggregate proofs

of claim in the Chapter 11 Cases for any claim allowed herein or that the DIP ABL Lender

otherwise has or may have in respect of the Debtors.  In addition, notwithstanding anything to the

contrary in any Bar Date Order, PBGC shall be allowed to file one master set of proofs of claim

in the case of the main Debtor with respect to all amounts owed to PBGC by the Debtors and such

master set of proofs of claim shall be deemed to have been filed against each of the Debtors.  The

provisions set forth in this paragraph are intended solely for the purpose of administrative

convenience and shall not affect the substantive rights of any party  in interest or their respective

successors in interest.

31. 
Limitations on Use of DIP Proceeds, Cash Collateral, the Carve-Out and

Other Funds.  Except as otherwise permitted in this Final Order and the Agreed Budget, the DIP

ABL Facility, the DIP ABL Collateral, the Cash Collateral, and the Carve-Out (up to the amount

of the DIP ABL Carve-Out Allocation) may not be used, directly or indirectly, by any of the

Debtors, the Committee or any other official or unofficial committee, or any trustee or other estate

representative appointed in the Chapter 11 Cases (or any Successor Case) or any other person or

entity (or to pay any professional fees, disbursements, costs or expenses incurred in connection

therewith) in connection with (a) preventing, hindering, or delaying any of the DIP ABL Lender’

enforcement or realization upon any of the DIP ABL Collateral; (b) using or seeking to use Cash

Collateral without the permission of the DIP ABL Lender or selling or otherwise disposing of DIP

ABL Collateral without the prior written consent of the DIP ABL Lender, as permitted by the DIP

ABL Credit Agreement, or further order of the Court; (c) using or seeking to use any insurance

proceeds constituting DIP ABL Collateral without the prior written consent of the DIP ABL

40

=== page 41 ===
Case 25-80002-sgj11    Doc 670    Filed 02/14/25    Entered 02/14/25 10:23:30    Desc

Main Document      Page 41 of 51

Lender; (d) seeking to amend or modify any of the rights granted to the DIP ABL Lender under

this Final Order or the DIP ABL Credit Agreement, including seeking to use Cash Collateral or

DIP ABL Collateral on a contested basis; (e) litigating, objecting to, challenging or contesting in

any manner in any way the DIP ABL Liens, DIP ABL Obligations, DIP ABL Superpriority

Claims, DIP ABL Collateral (including Cash Collateral) or any other claims held by or on behalf

of the DIP ABL Lender; (f) litigating, objecting to, challenging, or contesting in any manner, or

raising any defenses to, the validity, extent, amount, perfection, priority, or enforceability of any

of the DIP ABL Obligations, the DIP ABL Liens, or any other liens or interests of the DIP ABL

Lender; provided that, notwithstanding anything to the contrary in this Final Order, the Committee

may use the proceeds of the DIP ABL Collateral and Cash Collateral in an amount not to exceed

$50,000 (the “Investigation Budget”) only to investigate, but not litigate (x) the claims and liens

of the DIP ABL Lender and (y) potential claims, counterclaims, causes of action, or defenses

against the DIP ABL Lender; (g) seeking to subordinate, recharacterize, disallow or avoid the DIP

ABL Obligations; or (h) any other prohibited or otherwise restricted use of proceeds as set forth

in the DIP ABL Credit Agreement; provided, however, that nothing contained herein or in the DIP

ABL Loan Documents shall preclude the Debtors from seeking to refinance the DIP ABL Facility.

Upon an Event of Default or DIP ABL Termination Event, nothing herein shall limit the Debtors’

right to move for an order of the Court authorizing the use of Cash Collateral absent the DIP ABL

Lender’s consent.

32. 
Releases.  Upon entry of the Interim Order, and as ratified by this Final Order, the

Debtors, on their own behalf and on behalf of their estates, forever and irrevocably:  (a) release,

discharge, and acquit each of the DIP ABL Lender and each of their respective former or current

officers, employees, directors, agents, representatives, owners, members, partners, financial

advisors, legal advisors, shareholders, managers, consultants, accountants, attorneys, affiliates,

and predecessors in interest, in each case solely in their capacity as such, from any and all claims,

demands, liabilities, responsibilities, disputes, remedies, causes of action, indebtedness and

obligations, of every type, including, without limitation, any so-called “lender liability” or

41

=== page 42 ===
Case 25-80002-sgj11    Doc 670    Filed 02/14/25    Entered 02/14/25 10:23:30    Desc

Main Document      Page 42 of 51

equitable subordination claims or defenses, solely with respect to or relating to the negotiation of

and entry into the DIP ABL Credit Agreement and the other DIP ABL Loan Documents; and

(b) waive, discharge and release any and all defenses (including, without limitation, offsets and

counterclaims of any nature or kind) as to the validity, perfection, priority, enforceability, and

avoidability of the DIP ABL Liens and the DIP ABL Obligations; provided, however, that nothing

contained herein shall release the DIP ABL Lender from its commitments and obligations

hereunder and under the DIP ABL Loan Documents.

33. 
Waivers.

a. 
Limitation on Charging on Expenses.  No costs or expenses of

administration of the Chapter 11 Cases or any Successor Case shall be charged against

or recovered from or against the DIP ABL Lender with respect to the DIP ABL

Collateral pursuant to section 105 or section 506(c) of the Bankruptcy Code or

otherwise, without the prior written consent of the DIP ABL Lender.

b. 
No Marshaling.  In no event shall the DIP ABL Lender be subject to the

equitable doctrine of “marshaling” or any similar doctrine with respect to the DIP ABL

Collateral or the DIP ABL Obligations and all proceeds shall be received and applied

in accordance with this Final Order and the DIP ABL Credit Agreement; provided,

however, notwithstanding anything contained in this paragraph, the DIP Orders or the

DIP ABL Documents to the contrary, prior to seeking payment of any DIP ABL

Obligations, DIP ABL Liens or DIP ABL Superpriority Claims from proceeds of

Avoidance Actions, the DIP ABL Lender shall first satisfy such obligations, liens and

claims from all DIP ABL Collateral other than proceeds of Avoidance Actions (“Other

DIP ABL Collateral”) and shall only avail itself of proceeds of Avoidance Actions if

the DIP ABL Obligations are unable to be Paid in Full13 from the Other DIP ABL

Collateral.

13 For purposes hereof, the term “Paid in Full” means, with respect to the DIP ABL Obligations, the irrevocable and 
indefeasible payment in full in cash of all DIP ABL Obligations, other than continuing indemnification and

42

=== page 43 ===
Case 25-80002-sgj11    Doc 670    Filed 02/14/25    Entered 02/14/25 10:23:30    Desc

Main Document      Page 43 of 51

c. 
Section 552(b). The Prepetition ABL Lender shall each be entitled to all of

the rights and benefits of section 552(b) of the Bankruptcy Code, and the “equities of

the case” exception under section 552(b) of the Bankruptcy Code shall not apply to the

Prepetition ABL Lender, with respect to proceeds, product, offspring or profits of any

of the Prepetition ABL Collateral.

34. 
No Lender Liability.  In determining to make any loan or accommodation or any

kind (whether under the DIP ABL Loan Documents or otherwise) or to permit the use of Cash

Collateral, the DIP ABL Lender shall not owe any fiduciary duty to the Debtors or their respective

creditors, shareholders, or estate, and the DIP ABL Lender shall not be deemed to be in control of

the operations of the Debtors or to be acting as a “responsible person” or “owner or operator” with

respect to the operation or management of the Debtors by virtue of making the DIP ABL Loans.

Furthermore, nothing in the DIP Orders or the DIP ABL Loan Documents shall impose or allow

the imposition upon the DIP ABL Lender of any liability for any claims arising from the prepetition

or postpetition activities of any of the Debtors and their affiliates, if any (as defined in section

101(2) of the Bankruptcy Code).

35. 
Limitation of Liability.  Nothing in the DIP Orders, the DIP ABL Loan

Documents, the Prepetition ABL Loan Documents, or any other documents related to these

transactions shall in any way be construed or interpreted to impose or allow the imposition upon

the DIP ABL Lender of (a) any liability for any claims arising from the prepetition or postpetition

activities of the Debtors in the operation of their business, or in connection with their restructuring

efforts or (b) any fiduciary duties to the Debtors, their respective creditors, shareholders, or estates.

The DIP ABL Lender shall not, in any way or manner, be liable or responsible for (i) the

safekeeping of the DIP ABL Collateral, (ii) any loss or damage thereto occurring or arising in any

manner or fashion from any cause, (iii) any diminution in value thereof, or (iv) any act or default

expense reimbursement obligations for which no claim or demand has been asserted, and all commitments 
thereunder shall have irrevocably, permanently and finally expired or shall have been terminated, cancelled and 
discharged.

43

=== page 44 ===
Case 25-80002-sgj11    Doc 670    Filed 02/14/25    Entered 02/14/25 10:23:30    Desc

Main Document      Page 44 of 51

of any carrier, servicer, bailee, custodian, forwarding agency, or other person and all risk of loss,

damage, or destruction of the DIP ABL Collateral shall be borne by the Debtors.

36. 
No Third-Party Beneficiaries.  Except as explicitly provided for herein, the DIP

Orders do not create any rights for the benefit of any Professional Person, third party, creditor,

landlord, lessor, equity holder, or any direct, indirect, or incidental beneficiary.

37. 
Insurance Proceeds and Policies.  The DIP ABL Lender shall be, and shall be

deemed to be, without any further action or notice, named as an additional insured, lender loss

payee, and loss payee on each insurance policy maintained by the Debtors that in any way relates

to the DIP ABL Collateral.

38. 
No Waivers or Modifications of Interim Order.  The Debtors have agreed not to

and shall not seek any modification or extension of this Final Order without the prior written

consent of the DIP ABL Lender, and no such consent shall be implied by any other action, inaction,

or acquiescence of the DIP ABL Lender.

39. 
Binding Effect of this Final Order.  Immediately upon entry of this Final Order

by this Court, the terms and provisions of this Final Order shall become valid and binding upon

and inure to the benefit of the Debtors, the DIP ABL Lender, the Prepetition Secured Parties, all

other creditors of any of the Debtors, the Committee, and all other parties in interest and their

respective successors and assigns, including any trustee or other fiduciary hereafter appointed in

the Chapter 11 Cases, any Successor Case, or upon dismissal of any of the Chapter 11 Cases or

any Successor Case; provided that the DIP ABL Lender shall not have any obligation to permit

the use of DIP ABL Collateral (including Cash Collateral) by or extend any financing to any

chapter 7 trustee, chapter 11 trustee or similar responsible person appointed for the Debtors’

estates.

40. 
Discharge.  Except as otherwise agreed in writing by the DIP ABL Lender, the DIP

ABL Obligations shall not be discharged by the entry of an order confirming any plan of

reorganization or liquidation in any of the Chapter 11 Cases, notwithstanding the provisions of

section 1141(d) of the Bankruptcy Code, unless the DIP ABL Obligations have been indefeasibly

44

=== page 45 ===
Case 25-80002-sgj11    Doc 670    Filed 02/14/25    Entered 02/14/25 10:23:30    Desc

Main Document      Page 45 of 51

paid in full in cash, on or before the effective date of such confirmed plan.

41. 
Survival.  The provisions of this Final Order and any actions taken pursuant hereto

shall survive entry of any order which may be entered: (a) confirming any chapter 11 plan in any

of the Chapter 11 Cases; (b) converting any of the Chapter 11 Cases to a case under chapter 7 of

the Bankruptcy Code; (c) dismissing any of the Chapter 11 Cases or any Successor Case; or

(d) pursuant to which this Court abstains from hearing the Chapter 11 Cases or Successor Case.

The terms and provisions of this Final Order, including the claims, liens, security interests and

other protections granted to the DIP ABL Lender pursuant to this Final Order and the DIP ABL

Credit Agreement, and the adequate protection provided to the Prepetition Secured Parties

pursuant to this Final Order, shall continue in the Chapter 11 Cases, in any Successor Case, or

following dismissal of any of the Chapter 11 Cases or any Successor Case, and shall maintain their

priority as provided by this Final Order until, in respect of the DIP ABL Facility, all the DIP ABL

Obligations, pursuant to the DIP ABL Loan Documents and this Final Order, have been paid in

full (such payment being without prejudice to any terms or provisions contained in the DIP ABL

Facility which survive such discharge by their terms), and all commitments to extend credit under

the DIP ABL Facility are terminated.  The terms and provisions concerning the indemnification of

the DIP ABL Lender shall continue in the Chapter 11 Cases, in any Successor Case, following

dismissal of any of the Chapter 11 Cases or any Successor Case, following termination of the DIP

ABL Facility until all of the DIP ABL Obligations have been indefeasibly Paid in Full (as

described in the DIP ABL Credit Agreement).

42. 
Necessary Actions.  The Debtors are authorized and directed to take such actions

as are reasonable and appropriate to implement the terms of this Final Order and the DIP ABL

Loan Documents.

43. 
Payments Free and Clear. Any and all payments or proceeds remitted to the DIP

ABL Lender on behalf of the applicable Credit Parties (as defined in the DIP ABL Credit

Agreement) shall be irrevocable, received free and clear of any claims, charge, assessment, or

other liability, including, without limitation, any such claim or charge arising out of or based on,

45

=== page 46 ===
Case 25-80002-sgj11    Doc 670    Filed 02/14/25    Entered 02/14/25 10:23:30    Desc

Main Document      Page 46 of 51

directly or indirectly, section 506(c) of the Bankruptcy Code or section 552(b) of the Bankruptcy

Code, whether asserted or assessed by, through or on behalf of the Debtors.

44. 
Enforceability.  This Final Order shall constitute findings of fact and conclusions

of law pursuant to Bankruptcy Rule 7052 and shall take effect and be enforceable immediately

upon entry thereof.  Notwithstanding Bankruptcy Rules 4001(a)(3), 6004(h), or 7062, any

applicable Local Rules, or Rule 62(a) of the Federal Rules of Civil Procedure, this Final Order

shall be immediately effective and enforceable upon its entry and there shall be no stay of

execution or effectiveness of this Final Order.

45. 
Final Order Controls.  In the event of any conflict between or among the terms or

provisions of the Interim Order, this Final Order, the DIP ABL Credit Agreement, and the DIP

ABL Credit Agreement, the terms and provisions of this Final Order shall govern and control.  In

the event of any conflict between or among the terms or provisions of the Interim Order, the DIP

ABL Credit Agreement, and the DIP ABL Credit Agreement, the terms and provisions of DIP

ABL Credit Agreement shall govern and control. Any reference to “DIP ABL Loan Documents”

herein shall be construed to mean, as the case may be, such DIP ABL Loan Documents as modified

by this Final Order.

46. 
Headings.  All paragraph headings used in this Final Order are for ease of reference

only and shall not affect the construction or interpretation hereof.

47. 
Retention of Jurisdiction.  This Court retains exclusive jurisdiction with respect

to all matters arising from or related to implementation, interpretation, and enforcement of the DIP

ABL Loan Documents or this Final Order.

48. 
Nothing in this Final Order shall modify, alter, or waive, in any way, any terms,

provisions, requirements, or restrictions of the Term Loan DIP Order or the Final Order (I)

Authorizing (A) Postpetition Financing and (B) the Use of Cash Collateral; (II) Granting Liens

and Providing Superpriority Administrative Expense Claims; (III) Granting Adequate Protection

to Prepetition Lenders; (IV) Modifying the Automatic Stay; and (V) Granting Related Relief

(the “Final Term Loan DIP Order”)..

46

=== page 47 ===
Case 25-80002-sgj11    Doc 670    Filed 02/14/25    Entered 02/14/25 10:23:30    Desc

Main Document      Page 47 of 51

49. 
Notice of the Motion as provided therein shall be deemed good and sufficient notice

of such Motion under the circumstances, and the requirements of Bankruptcy Rule 6004(a) and

the Local Bankruptcy Rules are satisfied by such notice.

50. 
Notwithstanding the applicability of Bankruptcy Rule 6004(h), the terms and

conditions of this Final Order shall be immediately effective and enforceable upon its entry.

51. 
All time periods set forth in this Final Order shall be calculated in accordance with

Bankruptcy Rule 9006(a).

52. 
The North River Insurance Company. Notwithstanding any other provisions of

the Interim Order or this Final Order, nothing in the Interim Order, this Final Order, or the DIP

ABL Loan Documents shall prime any setoff and/or recoupment rights of The North River

Insurance Company under applicable law; provided that the Debtors’ and the DIP ABL Lender’s

respective rights to dispute or challenge any such alleged setoff or recoupment rights are hereby

preserved.

53. 
Atlantic Specialty Insurance Company. Nothing in this Final Order shall alter,

prejudice, prime, modify, or impair any rights or interests of the Debtors’ sureties under any surety

bonds, related indemnity agreements, and/or in any collateral of such sureties; provided that the

Debtors’ and the DIP ABL Lender’s respective rights to dispute or challenge any such alleged

rights or interests are hereby preserved.

54. 
FRMC.  Notwithstanding anything to the contrary contained in this Final Order or

the DIP ABL Loan Documents, (i) the FRMC Deposit Account, the FRMC Accounts, and any

other bank accounts owned by PhysicianCo (a) shall not constitute the DIP ABL Collateral or Cash

Collateral and (b) shall be free of any DIP ABL Superpriority Claim, DIP ABL Liens, Carve-Out

(with respect to the FRMC Deposit Account, except to the extent of any funds thereunder

determined in accordance with the Cash Management Order not to be owed to FRMC), Permitted

Liens, any other Adequate Protection Liens, or any other liens being granted under this Final Order

or any other order granting postpetition financing by this Court; (ii) nothing in this Final Order or

47

=== page 48 ===
Case 25-80002-sgj11    Doc 670    Filed 02/14/25    Entered 02/14/25 10:23:30    Desc

Main Document      Page 48 of 51

the DIP ABL Loan Documents shall alter, prejudice, prime, modify, impair, or in any way

adversely impacts the FRMC Lien.  Notwithstanding anything to the contrary contained in this

Final Order, the DIP ABL Loan Documents, or any Agreed Budget, the DIP ABL Borrowers and

the DIP ABL Guarantor shall be permitted and directed to (i) continue to fund the FRMC Deposit

Account, and (ii) otherwise make or effectuate any payments to PhysicianCo, each in accordance

with the Cash Management Order14 to the extent required thereunder.

55. 
Fisher.  Notwithstanding any language to the contrary in this Final Order, this Final

Order does not affect or impair any rights, or remedies or claims that Fisher Scientific Company

LLC,  and its divisions and subsidiaries (“Fisher”) may have (a) in relation to reclamation claims,

to the extent valid and not subject to avoidance, and to the extent actually avoided, under applicable

law pertaining to any equipment or goods sold, delivered or otherwise supplied to the Debtors by

Fisher within forty-five days prior to the Petition Date, (b) to assert an administrative expense

claim against the Debtors under any applicable provision of the Bankruptcy Code, including

section 503(b)(9), or (c) in respect of any executory contracts between Fisher and the Debtors, if

any.  Any such rights, remedies, and claims, if any, are preserved and reserved; provided, however,

that the rights of the Debtors, the DIP ABL Lender, and all other parties in interest to oppose and

object to Fisher’s assertion of any such rights, claims, or remedies, if any, and to seek any related

relief, are preserved and reserved, and the rights of Fisher to seek additional adequate protection

and/or other relief are reserved and preserved.

56. 
PBGC Subordination Agreement. Nothing herein, including any party’s consent

to the entry of this Final Order, shall be deemed to waive, modify, or otherwise impair the

respective rights of the DIP ABL Lender or PBGC, pursuant to that certain Lien Subordination

Agreement entered into as of September 16, 2024 (the “PBGC Subordination Agreement”), by and

14  “Cash Management Order” means the Amended Order (I) Authorizing the Debtors to (A) Continue Their Existing 
Cash Management System and Maintain Their Existing Bank Accounts, (B) Continue to Perform Intercompany 
Transactions, and (C) Maintain Existing Business Forms and Books and Records; and (II) Granting Related 
Relief.  Only for purposes of this paragraph, capitalized terms used but not otherwise defined herein have the 
meanings ascribed to them in the Cash Management Order.

48

=== page 49 ===
Case 25-80002-sgj11    Doc 670    Filed 02/14/25    Entered 02/14/25 10:23:30    Desc

Main Document      Page 49 of 51

between Debtor, the DIP ABL Lender, and PBGC, acting solely on behalf of the Crozer Plan, the

ECHN Plan, and the Waterbury Hospital Cash Balance Retirement Plan (collectively, the “Pension

Plans”), under equity or law, and the DIP ABL Lender expressly reserves all of its rights and

remedies whether now existing or hereafter arising under the Prepetition ABL Credit Documents

and/or equity or law in connection with all Events of Default.  Any liens held by PBGC shall

remain subordinated to the DIP ABL Liens held by the DIP ABL Lender pursuant to this Final

Order and the PBGC Subordination Agreement.  Notwithstanding anything to the contrary herein,

liens held by the PBGC shall not be considered “Permitted Prior ABL Liens” under the DIP ABL

Loan Documents.

57. 
PBGC. In addition to Adequate Protection Liens, (i) postpetition interest shall

accrue on PBGC’s prepetition secured claim against the Debtors in the amount of $137,845 per

month, which interest shall be paid-in-kind on the 11th day of each month (with the first such

payment to be made upon the entry of this Final Order) with such amounts to constitute an allowed

administrative expense claim against the Debtors that shall be paid in accordance with any chapter

11 plan the Debtors may confirm in these cases, (ii) the Debtors shall pay PBGC’s outside

professionals’ reasonable fees and expenses in an amount not to exceed $35,000 per month, subject

to the ability of such professionals to carry any unused portion of such monthly amount forward

or back to pay fees and expenses incurred in prior or future months, as applicable, (iii) PBGC’s

outside professionals shall seek payment of their fees and expenses from the Debtors pursuant to

the procedures set forth in paragraph 26 of the DIP Term Order; (iv) the Debtors shall preserve all

documents related to the Pension Plans and coordinate with PBGC in good faith to arrange for the

delivery of such documents to PBGC upon its request; (v) the Debtors shall respond promptly to

PBGC’s requests for information regarding the Pension Plans; and (vi) in exchange for PBGC’s

agreement to resolve its filed objection to the Motion on the terms set forth in this Final Order, the

Debtors shall not agree (absent entry of an order from the Court) to grant adequate protection to

any other Prepetition Secured Party that would diminish the nature, extent, amount or priority of

the Adequate Protection Liens and other adequate protection provided to PBGC in this Final Order.

49

=== page 50 ===
Case 25-80002-sgj11    Doc 670    Filed 02/14/25    Entered 02/14/25 10:23:30    Desc

Main Document      Page 50 of 51

58. 
As noted by the Court at the Final Hearing, after entry of this Final Order, any

Objecting Party15 shall have the right to file a separate motion with the Court to request additional

adequate protection of their asserted interests in the Prepetition Collateral.  The ability of the

Debtors or any other party in interest to oppose any such relief is hereby reserved.

# # # END OF ORDER # # #

15 “Objecting Party” has the meaning given to such term in the Debtors’ Omnibus Reply in Support of Debtors’ DIP 
Motions [Docket No. 574].

50

=== page 51 ===
Case 25-80002-sgj11    Doc 670    Filed 02/14/25    Entered 02/14/25 10:23:30    Desc

Main Document      Page 51 of 51

Order submitted by: 
 
SIDLEY AUSTIN LLP 
Thomas R. Califano (24122825) 
Rakhee V. Patel (00797213) 
2021 McKinney Avenue, Suite 2000  
Dallas, Texas 75201  
Telephone:      (214) 981-3300 
 
Facsimile:       (214) 981-3400 
Email:  
tom.califano@sidley.com 
rpatel@sidley.com 
 
and 
 
William E. Curtin (admitted pro hac vice) 
Patrick Venter (admitted pro hac vice) 
Anne G. Wallice (admitted pro hac vice) 
787 Seventh Avenue 
New York, New York 10019 
Telephone: 
(212) 839-5300 
Facsimile: 
(212) 839-5599 
Email: 
wcurtin@sidley.com 
pventer@sidley.com 
anne.wallice@sidley.com 
 
Attorneys to the Debtors 
and Debtors in Possession

