=== page 1 ===
 
 
 
 
IN THE UNITED STATES BANKRUPTCY COURT 
FOR THE DISTRICT OF DELAWARE 
 
In re:
Chapter 11 (Subchapter V)
MVMT Labs, Inc., 
Case No. 26-11113 (TMH)  
Debtor.1
 
 
DECLARATION OF MICHAEL ROBINSON IN SUPPORT OF MVMT 
LABS, INC.’S CHAPTER 11 PETITION AND FIRST DAY MOTIONS 
 
I, Michael Robinson, hereby declare under penalty of perjury: 
1. 
I am the Chief Restructuring Officer (“CRO”) for the above-captioned debtor and 
debtor-in-possession (“Labs” or the “Debtor”).  I am also a Partner at Province, LLC (“Province”), 
the proposed financial advisor to the Debtor.  The Debtor engaged Province in April 2026. 
2. 
Province is a nationally-recognized financial advisory firm focusing on growth 
opportunities, restructurings, and fiduciary-related services.  I am a seasoned corporate 
restructuring professional in high-profile board, buyside, and advisory roles.  My background 
includes large and complex financial restructurings, operational transformations, mergers and 
acquisitions, interim management, distressed financings, and litigation-orientated investments. 
3. 
I have over fifteen (15) years of experience in the financial services sector, initially 
through my work in investment banking advisory where I advised on a number of significant 
transactions across diverse industry verticals, and then through my work in restructuring advisory 
in which I have directly managed many in-court and out-of-court restructurings.  Additionally, I 
 
1   The last four digits of the Debtor’s federal tax identification number are 5217.  The Debtor’s service address is 
c/o Legalinc Corporate Services Inc., 131 Continental Drive, Suite 305, Newark, New Castle County, DE 19713. 
Case 26-11113-TMH    Doc 21    Filed 07/17/26    Page 1 of 22

=== page 2 ===
 
2 
am a Certified Insolvency and Restructuring Advisor, awarded from the Association of Insolvency 
and Restructuring Advisors, of which I am a member. 
4. 
On July 15, 2026 (the “Petition Date”), Labs filed a voluntary petition in this Court 
for relief under chapter 11 of the Bankruptcy Code (the “Chapter 11 Case”).  Labs is eligible, and 
has elected, to proceed under Subchapter V of title 11 of the United States Code (the “Bankruptcy 
Code”).  Labs continues to manage and operate its business as debtor-in-possession pursuant to 
section 1184 of the Bankruptcy Code.  To minimize any disruption or other adverse effect resulting 
from the filing of the Chapter 11 Case, Labs is filing contemporaneously herewith several motions 
seeking certain “first day” relief (collectively, the “First Day Motions”).2  I submit this declaration 
(this “Declaration”) in support of the Debtor’s voluntary petition and the relief requested in the 
First Day Motions and to assist the Court and parties- in-interest in understanding Labs, its 
business, and the circumstances leading to this Chapter 11 Case.  
5. 
Except as otherwise indicated herein, the statements in this Declaration are based 
on (i) my personal knowledge of, and familiarity with, Labs’s operations, finances, restructuring 
efforts, and evaluation of strategic alternatives; (ii) my review of relevant documents and 
information provided to me by employees of or advisors to Labs or their professionals; (iii) my 
opinion based on my experience and knowledge of Labs’s operations and financial and business 
affairs, including my general knowledge of the industry in which Labs operates; and (iv) Labs’s 
records maintained in the ordinary course of business.  I have obtained this information during my 
tenure working with Labs and its professionals, including Labs’s corporate and restructuring 
counsel.  In making this Declaration, I have also relied on information and materials that Labs’s 
 
2  
In connection with the filing of its chapter 11 petition, Labs filed the First Day Motions requesting relief that the 
Debtor believes is necessary to enable it to administer its estate with minimal disruption and loss of value during 
this Chapter 11 Case.  
Case 26-11113-TMH    Doc 21    Filed 07/17/26    Page 2 of 22

=== page 3 ===
 
3 
personnel and advisors have gathered, prepared, verified and provided to me, in each case under 
my ultimate supervision, at my direction or for my benefit in preparing this Declaration.   
6. 
I am not being compensated specifically for this testimony other than through 
payments received by Province as its financial advisor.  If I were called upon to testify, I could 
and would testify competently to the facts set forth herein.  I am over the age of 18 years and 
authorized to submit this Declaration on behalf of Labs.   
7. 
To better familiarize the Court with Labs and its business, this Declaration is 
organized into the following sections: 
 Part I provides background information regarding the Debtor, its business, and 
capital structure; 
 
 Part II describes the circumstances leading to this Chapter 11 Case; and  
 
 Part III discusses the First Day Motions. 
 
I. BACKGROUND 
A. 
The Debtor’s Business and History 
8. 
Labs, a Delaware corporation, was founded in 2023 by its then-sole directors 
Cooper Scanlon (“Scanlon”) and Rushikesh Manche (“Manche”).  Labs’s registered office is c/o 
Legalinc Corporate Services Inc., 131 Continental Drive, Suite 305, Newark, New Castle County, 
DE 19713.  
9. 
Labs was formed as a development company in the crypto industry that developed 
and licensed intellectual property, including specialized software, applications, smart contracts, 
and blockchain protocols, associated with the blockchain-based network known as the “Movement 
Network”, in connection with the governance, deployment and minting of cryptocurrency, called 
$MOVE tokens. 
Case 26-11113-TMH    Doc 21    Filed 07/17/26    Page 3 of 22

=== page 4 ===
 
4 
10. 
On September 9, 2024, Labs entered into a Tripartite IP Licensing and Services 
Agreement (the “Tripartite Agreement”) with Movement Network Foundation, a Cayman Islands 
exempted foundation company (“Foundation”) and its subsidiary, Movement Limited, a British 
Virgin Islands company (“ML”).  Under the Tripartite Agreement, among other things, Labs 
licensed its software and intellectual property rights (“IP”) to ML, transferred certain IP rights to 
Foundation and provided engineering and technical services required for the purposes of launching 
and supporting the $MOVE token.  In exchange for Labs’s services and IP rights under the 
Tripartite Agreement, Labs received an allocation of $MOVE tokens payable by ML. 
11. 
Foundation serves in a variety of capacities with respect to maintaining the stability 
and continuity of the Movement Network.  ML is the minter and issuer of $MOVE tokens.  
Foundation and ML are not affiliates of — and do not share any common control or ownership 
with — Labs.  ML is an affiliate of Foundation. 
12. 
On December 9, 2024, the $MOVE token was launched, following which it briefly 
traded at prices in excess of $1.00 per $MOVE token.  The price has since declined by nearly 99% 
and $MOVE tokens were trading around $0.01 per $MOVE token around the time of the Petition 
Date.  
13. 
As described in more detail below, following the launch of the $MOVE token, Labs 
became aware of market-making irregularities, calling into question the conduct of Manche and 
certain third parties at and around the time of the launch, and which threatened the entirety of the 
$MOVE token ecosystem.  These irregularities and the publicity3 that followed thereafter made 
Labs’s continued role in the $MOVE token ecosystem untenable.  In addition, as a result of the 
 
3  
See e.g., https://www.coindesk.com/tech/2025/04/30/inside-movement-s-token-dump-scandal-secret-contracts-
shadow-advisors-and-hidden-middlemen.  
Case 26-11113-TMH    Doc 21    Filed 07/17/26    Page 4 of 22

=== page 5 ===
 
5 
irregularities, disputes arose between Foundation and Labs with respect to the Tripartite 
Agreement.  
14. 
Labs sought to maximize the value of its assets and ensure that as many of its 
obligations as possible were satisfied.  Consistent with its fiduciary duties, Labs also sought to 
protect the value of the $MOVE token ecosystem for the benefit of those who had invested in Labs 
through SAFEs and Warrants (both as defined below), its creditors, equity holders, and other 
stakeholders. Labs determined that the best course of action was to (1) monetize the value of the 
team it had built through a transaction with Move Industries (defined below) whereby Move 
Industries agreed to employ certain Labs team members and pay Labs $1.2 million in exchange 
for the right to do so, (2) settle certain disputes with Foundation and ML under the Tripartite 
Agreement by agreeing to assign its remaining intellectual property and key contracts to 
Foundation and forgo its token-distribution rights in exchange for a cash payment and 
Foundation’s commitment to deliver tokens on account of certain of Labs’s legitimate token-
denominated obligations, subject to certain terms and conditions, and (3) wind-down its business 
affairs.  The results of those efforts are described in greater detail below.  
15. 
Currently, Labs’s sole commercial activity consists of (i) providing certain 
transition services to Foundation and Move Industries to help effectuate the Fenix Agreement and 
the Transfer Agreement (each as defined below) and (ii) coordinating with Foundation pursuant to 
the Fenix Agreement with respect to certain alleged contractual obligations of Labs for the delivery 
of $MOVE tokens under Warrants (defined below) issued by Labs to third parties. 
B. 
Corporate Structure 
16. 
The majority of Labs’s common stock is held directly by its two co-founders: 
Scanlon holds approximately 65.75% of the total equity, Manche holds approximately 34.25%.  
Case 26-11113-TMH    Doc 21    Filed 07/17/26    Page 5 of 22

=== page 6 ===
 
6 
Additionally, Lucas Vinzon holds less than 0.10% of the outstanding shares.  Labs does not have 
any subsidiaries or parent entities. 
17. 
Currently, Labs’s board consists of Matt Kahn as the sole independent director.  
There are no other directors or officers except for me in my capacity as CRO.  Prior to the Petition 
Date, Scanlon had served as the sole director of Labs and its Chief Executive Officer.  In the 
interests of ensuring both governance and officer independence for this Chapter 11 Case, Scanlon 
resigned from both his director and officer positions.  He has agreed to remain available and assist 
with this Chapter 11 Case as a consultant and independent contractor to assist Mr. Kahn and 
myself. 
C. 
Pre-Petition Capital Structure 
i. 
Funded Indebtedness & Intercompany Loans 
18. 
Labs has no secured or unsecured funded indebtedness. 
19. 
In connection with its founding and the planned launch of the $MOVE token, Labs 
raised capital through two primary means.  The first means was through the sale of Simple 
Agreements for Future Equity (“SAFEs”), which are a common form of fundraising for startup 
companies.  As the term implies, participants in a SAFE transaction pay consideration up front in 
exchange for a commitment to be issued equity at some point in the future after the occurrence of 
a defined triggering event.  SAFEs are not considered to be debt because there is not a maturity 
date or an interest component.  Labs had numerous rounds of SAFE offerings and raised over $40 
million thereunder. 
20. 
On March 31, 2025, Labs closed a Series B preferred stock financing (the “Series 
B Placement”), in which the SAFEs were intended to convert into Series B preferred stock and the 
Series B investors were to receive a combination of equity and $MOVE tokens (or rights thereto).  
Case 26-11113-TMH    Doc 21    Filed 07/17/26    Page 6 of 22

=== page 7 ===
 
7 
As a result of the discovery of the irregularities in April and May 2025, Labs rescinded the Series 
B Placement by mutual agreement with the lead investors.  Approximately $12.7 million of cash 
was returned to investors, the corresponding Series B shares were cancelled, and tokens delivered 
in connection with the round were returned.  As a result of the recission, the SAFE conversions 
did not occur.  
21. 
Also as part of the SAFE fundraising, and in certain other cases, Labs entered into 
warrant agreements (“Warrants”) whereby Labs agreed to deliver $MOVE tokens to the Warrant 
holders.  In some cases, the consideration for the Warrant was entry into SAFEs by third-party 
investors.  In other cases, the consideration for the Warrant was the provision by a third party of 
in-kind services related to the operations of Labs.  
ii. 
Assets 
22. 
Labs holds no material operating assets.  Its remaining assets consist principally of: 
(a) approximately $60,000 in cash on hand; (b) residual contractual rights; and (c) litigation claims 
and causes of action related to the irregularities surrounding the launch of the $MOVE token. 
iii. 
Equity and Other Interests 
23. 
Labs is a privately held corporation and the full breakdown of its ownership 
structure for its common stock is discussed in Sections I. B.  and I.C. supra. 
II.  EVENTS LEADING UP TO THE CHAPTER 11 CASE 
A. 
Investigations, Series B Recission, and Subsequent Governance Reset 
24. 
The key events precipitating this Chapter 11 filing relate to the $MOVE launch and 
subsequent dilution of the token price, alleged wrongful activity in connection therewith, and 
related counterparty actions. 
Case 26-11113-TMH    Doc 21    Filed 07/17/26    Page 7 of 22

=== page 8 ===
 
8 
25. 
In early 2025, following the launch of the $MOVE token and subsequent decline 
in token price, Binance Holdings Limited (“Binance”), the operator of a major cryptocurrency 
exchange on which $MOVE tokens were traded, commenced an investigation after discovering 
that an unnamed market-maker sold approximately 66 million $MOVE tokens for a profit of 
approximately $38 million, without executing corresponding buy orders.  To protect its users, 
Binance notified Labs and Foundation about the violations, froze the market-maker’s proceeds, 
and banned the market-maker from continuing to engage in market-making activities on its 
platform. 
26. 
Upon learning of these allegations, Labs initiated an internal investigation in late 
April and early May 2025 into the alleged $MOVE token market-making irregularities.  In 
connection therewith, Labs implemented certain governance actions to separate co-founder 
Manche as an employee and officer and to remove him as a director of the company.  Manche had 
primary responsibility at Labs for matters relating to the launch and market-making of the $MOVE 
token.  Manche disputed these actions by Labs before ultimately dismissing his claims with 
prejudice.  Subsequently, Manche filed the Advancement Action (as defined and discussed further 
below). 
27. 
Following the commencement of the internal investigation, Foundation, ML and 
Labs agreed to terminate the Tripartite Agreement.   Foundation informed Labs that it believed 
that Labs was in breach of the agreement, and that Foundation and ML wished to sever their 
association with Labs in light of the serious allegations involving the irregularities surrounding the 
launch of the $MOVE token and the resulting harm to the Movement Network.  
Contemporaneously therewith, Labs was running out of operating capital.  Ultimately, Labs’s 
remaining board, including a disinterested then-board member designated by Labs’s lead investor, 
Case 26-11113-TMH    Doc 21    Filed 07/17/26    Page 8 of 22

=== page 9 ===
 
9 
determined that it was in the best interests of Labs and those to whom Labs’s board owed fiduciary 
duties, including Labs’s investors—many of whom were $MOVE token holders—to maximize the 
value of Labs’s assets, minimize cash burn, and help preserve the $MOVE token ecosystem by 
removing Labs from any active involvement in the Movement Network, thereby creating a clean 
go-forward structure for the Movement Network to continue.   
28. 
To continue building, operating, and growing the $MOVE token ecosystem after 
the contemplated termination of the Tripartite Agreement, however, Labs needed to be replaced 
by another cryptocurrency development company.  Foundation, whose corporate remit is to foster 
and support the research, development, extension and use of the Movement Network, $MOVE 
tokens and related technology, selected Move Ind. Inc. (“Move Industries”) to fill that role.  Labs 
considered various options to monetize the value of the team it had built, but which imposed 
substantial operating expenses on it, and concluded that releasing the bulk of the Labs team from 
employment agreements in order to allow them to transfer to Move Industries in exchange for cash 
consideration was the only realistic value-maximizing transaction, absent which Labs would have 
had to terminate the majority, if not all, of its employees and contractor relationships for no value, 
and incur liabilities relating to those terminations.   To that end, on October 14, 2025, Labs and 
Move Industries entered into the Project Fenix (Labs – Industries) Term Sheet that outlined a 
transaction under which Labs would release certain employees and contractors from non-
competes, allowing Move Industries to employ or engage, as applicable, such Labs employees and 
contractors, in exchange for $1.2 million.  On November 26, 2025, Labs and Move Industries 
entered into the Team and Asset Transfer Agreement (the “Transfer Agreement”) that formally 
memorialized the transaction.   
Case 26-11113-TMH    Doc 21    Filed 07/17/26    Page 9 of 22

=== page 10 ===
 
10 
29. 
To address issues under the Tripartite Agreement and as a way to resolve Labs’s 
$MOVE token delivery obligations to the greatest extent possible, on December 2, 2025, Labs, 
Foundation, and ML entered into the Termination and Settlement Agreement (the “Fenix 
Agreement”), pursuant to which (i) the Tripartite Agreement was terminated; (ii) Foundation 
agreed, subject to know-your-customer (“KYC”) and know-your-business (“KYB”) checks 
satisfactory to Foundation, to settle, pursuant to a form of token undertaking agreement between 
Foundation, ML, Labs and the token recipient, Labs’s obligation to deliver $MOVE tokens to 
counterparties pursuant to valid (and not fraudulent) and undisputed token delivery agreements 
with Labs; (iii) Foundation agreed to pay Labs $6.9 million (less amounts outstanding on certain 
loans provided by Foundation); (iv) Labs assigned to Foundation remaining IP rights and key 
operating agreements relating to the Movement Network and technologies that allow users to 
transact in $MOVE tokens; (v) Labs agreed to provide certain transition services to assist with the 
transfer and delivery of IP rights and the KYC and KYB process; and (vi) the parties granted 
mutual releases, subject to certain exclusions (including for fraud and willful misconduct).  Labs 
determined that the Fenix Agreement was the transaction most likely to maximize the value of its 
assets, because it would result in a much-needed cash infusion for Labs, Foundation’s settlement 
of Labs’s obligation to deliver $MOVE tokens to counterparties pursuant to valid (and not 
fraudulent) and undisputed token delivery agreements with Labs, and the avoidance of potential 
litigation with Foundation and ML that Labs would not have been able to afford, and which almost 
certainly could not have resulted in an outcome more favorable to Labs or its creditors.    
30. 
At the time of the Fenix Agreement, Labs was aware of an investigation by the 
Department of Justice (the “DOJ Investigation”) related to the activities surrounding the launch 
and market-making of the $MOVE token.  Labs lacks D&O insurance that would cover the defense 
Case 26-11113-TMH    Doc 21    Filed 07/17/26    Page 10 of 22

=== page 11 ===
 
11 
or indemnification of Manche and the other officers and directors serving at the time of the 
$MOVE launch and market-making activities that arose prior to the commencement of the Chapter 
11 Case, including with respect to the DOJ Investigation.   
31. 
The Fenix Agreement resulted in the transfer of substantially all of Labs’s operating 
assets in exchange for cash, which Labs intended on using to manage litigation and to wind down 
Labs’s business.  Given the complexity of issues and the potential for litigation on multiple fronts 
to exhaust those limited funds, and the need for Scanlon, General Counsel Joseph Golding-Ochsner 
(“Golding”), and others to remain on to facilitate the orderly implementation of the Fenix 
Agreement, Foundation (i) entered into indemnification and release agreements with Labs’s now-
former officers, Scanlon and Golding, and (ii) agreed to provide sufficient cash consideration 
under the Fenix Agreement to allow Labs to retain Scanlon’s and Golding’s services and settle 
certain litigation claims.  The indemnification and release agreements were disclosed to Labs’s 
board, and the disinterested director approved the retention and settlement arrangements.  
B. 
The Debtor’s Current Status 
32. 
Following the termination of the Tripartite Agreement, Labs retains no material 
operating assets and conducts no operating business.  As of the Petition Date, Labs does not have 
any full-time employees.  Instead, Labs has independent contractor agreements in place with 
Scanlon and Golding, as well as my engagement as CRO, which will allow Labs to continue its 
ongoing business functions, including supporting Labs with wind-down, regulatory cooperation, 
litigation oversight, and work with Foundation to perform the remaining transition services and 
assist with token delivery obligations under the Fenix Agreement.   
33. 
Although Labs does not hold any material operating assets, it does retain the 
following assets:  (i) limited cash on hand; (ii) residual contractual and indemnification rights; and 
Case 26-11113-TMH    Doc 21    Filed 07/17/26    Page 11 of 22

=== page 12 ===
 
12 
(iii) potential litigation assets, including but not limited to the following potential claims, causes 
of action, and litigation recoveries:  (a) counterclaims and affirmative claims in the Arbitration and 
the Lei Action (each defined below); (b) potential affirmative claims arising out of the alleged 
wrongdoing in connection with the market-making conduct, the December 2024 token launch, and 
related activities and market irregularities; and (c) other claims and causes of action against former 
officers, directors, advisors, consultants, and counterparties.  The Debtor intends to investigate 
these claims and causes of action and the alleged wrongful activity that contributed to the 
significant drop in the $MOVE token price and deterioration of the Debtor’s financial condition.  
Faced with increasing liquidity issues and pending litigation, the Debtor filed this Chapter 11 Case 
with the goal of confirming a plan under subchapter V of the Bankruptcy Code that will create a 
litigation trust to preserve and pursue claims and causes of action for the benefit of Labs’s estate 
and creditors. 
C. 
Pending and Threatened Litigation Against the Debtor 
34. 
Labs is subject to significant ongoing and potential future litigation claims, 
including with respect to the launch of the $MOVE tokens and related market-making activity 
brought by various governmental agencies, delivery or payment on account of the tokens, and 
employee advancement and indemnification obligations brought by Labs’s former officers. 
Government Investigation 
35. 
Labs is subject to an ongoing investigation by the United States Attorney’s Office 
for Northern District of California and related federal authorities concerning the December 2024 
launch of $MOVE tokens and related market-making activity.  No charges have been filed against 
Labs.  Labs has cooperated with the investigation through counsel. 
Case 26-11113-TMH    Doc 21    Filed 07/17/26    Page 12 of 22

=== page 13 ===
 
13 
Active Civil Litigation 
36. 
Currently, Labs is party to two actions: 
i. On January 16, 2025, Metaverse Technology Company FZE 
(“Metaverse”) commenced an arbitration claim in a JAMS arbitration 
seated in New York, JAMS Ref. No. 5425003221 (the “Arbitration”), 
asserting claims arising out of Labs’s failure to deliver crypto assets 
owed under an advisory agreement.  The claim is pending in arbitration 
before JAMS.  On December 5, 2025, Lihuimei Lei (“Lei”), the founder 
and CEO of Metaverse, filed a separate action in the United States 
District Court for the Southern District of New York, Lihuimei Lei v. 
MVMT Labs, Inc., Case No. 25‑cv‑10123 (the “Lei Action”), seeking to 
stay arbitration and obtain declaratory relief. Lei asserted that she was 
being improperly compelled to participate in an arbitration between 
Snow and Labs in New York to which she did not agree.  Specifically, 
Lei sought a declaration that no agreement to arbitrate exists between 
her and Labs, as well as an injunction prohibiting Labs from pursuing 
claims against her in the arbitration.  On May 18, 2026, Lei voluntarily 
dismissed the case without prejudice, and the dispute has since been 
consolidated with the arbitration.  
 
ii. On December 3, 2025, Manche filed an action in the Court of Chancery 
of the State of Delaware, Rushikesh Manche v. MVMT Labs, Inc., Case 
No. 
2025-1407-CDW 
(the 
“Advancement 
Action”), 
seeking 
advancement from the corporation for fees and expenses incurred in 
connection with a federal investigation of Labs. On March 6, 2026, 
Magistrate Wright issued a report granting Manche’s claim for 
advancement and holding that Manche is entitled to fees-on-fees. On 
March 11, 2026, Labs filed a notice of exceptions to the Magistrate’s 
report. On June 12, 2026, Vice Chancellor Laster issued an order 
overruling the exceptions and adopting the report as final (the 
“Advancement Order”).  Upon information and belief, Manche has 
expended over $1.6 million in legal fees which would be entitled to be 
paid under the Advancement Order. 
 
The defense of these claims significantly drained Labs’s operating resources, including the cash it 
received upon the closing of both the Fenix Agreement and the Transfer Agreement.  
 
Threatened Civil Litigation 
37. 
Several of Labs’s former advisors and counterparties have asserted, but not yet 
filed, claims against Labs related to Warrants or other agreements relating to the delivery of 
Case 26-11113-TMH    Doc 21    Filed 07/17/26    Page 13 of 22

=== page 14 ===
 
14 
$MOVE tokens.  Those claims principally seek delivery of additional $MOVE tokens, cash 
payments, or both, for services purportedly rendered in connection with the launch of the $MOVE 
token, the operation of Labs, or the development of the Movement Network.  It is the position of 
Labs that these claims are not valid contractual claims due to, inter alia, breach of contract and/or 
the non-binding source of such claims, or because they relate to bad acts in connection with the 
launch, trading and market-making of the $MOVE token, and such claims are vigorously disputed 
by Labs. 
D. 
Liquidity Issues 
38. 
Currently, Labs does not have sufficient cash to, among other things, fulfill its 
obligations under the Fenix Agreement and the Transfer Agreement or to wind down its affairs, 
especially amidst pending litigation.  Further, Labs has no assets, other than illiquid litigation 
assets, which could be monetized to fund its obligations. 
E. 
Retention of Debtor’s Advisors and Determination to File the Chapter 11 Case 
39. 
Against this backdrop, the Debtor evaluated all available alternatives to a Chapter 
11 filing.  However, the Debtor was left with critical liquidity needs that could not be funded 
outside of a formal restructuring process.  In light of the pending and threatened litigation and 
growing liquidity constraints, the Debtor considered the appointment of restructuring advisors to 
assess and explore the Debtor’s strategic alternatives.  
40. 
In April 2026, the Debtors retained Potter Anderson & Corroon LLP (“Potter”) as 
restructuring counsel and Province as its financial advisor to evaluate a variety of strategic 
restructuring alternatives.   
41. 
On July 12, 2026, Matt Kahn was appointed to Labs’s board as the sole independent 
director (the “Independent Director”).  The Independent Director is disinterested and independent 
Case 26-11113-TMH    Doc 21    Filed 07/17/26    Page 14 of 22

=== page 15 ===
 
15 
with respect to all claims that may be asserted against former directors and officers and has been 
empowered by the board with full authority to review, consider and approve strategic alternatives 
for the Debtor, or to maximize value for its creditors through liquidation or commencement of a 
bankruptcy proceeding.  After careful consideration of all available alternatives and deliberation 
with the Debtor’s advisors, the Independent Director determined that filing this Chapter 11 Case 
under subchapter V of the Bankruptcy Code is in the best interests of the Debtor’s creditors and 
other stakeholders and is the most appropriate mechanism for liquidating the Debtor’s assets and 
maximizing potential recovery to creditors.  In particular, the Debtor believes it has colorable 
claims and causes of action that retain real value and the Chapter 11 Case is intended to provide a 
stable platform from which the Debtor can preserve, pursue, and maximize that value for the 
benefit of all parties in interest. 
42. 
The Debtor’s goals in this Chapter 11 Case are to: 
i. Continue to work cooperatively with Foundation to identify valid (and 
not fraudulent) and undisputed Warrants and to request that Foundation 
resolve Labs’s token issuance obligations for such Warrants pursuant to 
the Fenix Agreement; and 
 
ii. Establish a litigation trust to pursue Labs’s claims and causes of action, 
including those related to the irregular market-making surrounding the 
issuance of the $MOVE tokens. 
 
43. 
To get to confirmation of a plan and establish the litigation trust, the Debtor requires 
immediate access to additional liquidity; without it, the Debtor will (i) be unable to continue 
operating and satisfying its contractual obligations to Foundation and (ii) lack the funding to 
pursue and liquidate litigation claims and causes of action of significant value.  Accordingly, the 
Debtor will be seeking approval of a DIP financing package (the “DIP Facility”) to fund operations 
through confirmation of a plan and an exit facility to fund a litigation trust. 
Case 26-11113-TMH    Doc 21    Filed 07/17/26    Page 15 of 22

=== page 16 ===
 
16 
44. 
To that end, prior to the Petition Date, the Debtor negotiated the DIP Facility with 
MNF DIP SPV Ltd. (the “DIP Lender”), a Cayman Island exempted company and a subsidiary of 
Foundation.  Province contacted 15 potential alternative sources of post-petition financing on 
behalf of the Debtor to gauge their interest in providing debtor-in-possession financing to the 
Debtor.  Although 10 of those parties initially responded, 6 subsequently declined, 1 held an initial 
call with Province, and only 3 entered into a non-disclosure agreement with the Debtor.  
Unfortunately, none of the parties were willing to provide financing on a fully unsecured basis or 
on better terms than the proposed DIP Facility.  Following a series of arm's-length negotiations 
with the DIP Lender, the Debtor ultimately agreed to the terms of the proposed DIP Facility, which 
provides the Debtor with sufficient runway to administer the Chapter 11 Case, confirm a plan 
under subchapter V of the Bankruptcy Code, and fund a litigation trust on reasonable terms given 
the Debtor’s situation and the unique circumstances of the case.  For all of these reasons, the Debtor 
has an urgent and immediate need for entry of the interim order requested in the DIP Motion (as 
defined below). 
III.  FIRST DAY MOTIONS 
45. 
Contemporaneously herewith, the Debtor has filed several First Day Motions 
seeking orders that grant various forms of relief intended to stabilize the Debtor’s business 
operations, facilitate the efficient administration of the Chapter 11 Case, and expedite a swift and 
smooth sale process.  On or around the Petition Date, the Debtor filed the following First Day 
Motions: 
 DIP Motion. Debtor’s Motion for Entry of Interim and Final Orders (A) Authorizing 
Debtor to Obtain Post-Petition Financing and to Grant Security Interests and Super-
Priority Administrative Expense Status Pursuant to 11 U.S.C. §§ 105, 362, and 364; 
(B) Authorizing the Debtor to Use Cash Collateral; (C) Modifying the Automatic Stay 
Pursuant to 11 U.S.C. § 362; (D) Scheduling a Final Hearing; (E) Approving the 
Case 26-11113-TMH    Doc 21    Filed 07/17/26    Page 16 of 22

=== page 17 ===
 
17 
Settlement Between the Debtor and Movement Network Foundation; and (F) Granting 
Related Relief (the “DIP Motion”); 
 
 Cash Management Motion. Debtor’s Motion for Entry of Interim and Final Orders 
(A) Authorizing the Maintenance of Bank Accounts and Continued Use of Existing 
Business Forms and Checks; (B) Authorizing the Continued Use of Existing Cash 
Management System; (C) Granting Limited Relief from the Requirements of 
Bankruptcy Code Section 345(b) and the U.S. Trustee’s Operating Guidelines; and 
(D) Granting Related Relief;  
 
 Reliable Retention Application. Debtor’s Application for Authorization to Employ 
and Retain Reliable Companies d/b/a Reliable as Claims and Noticing Agent Effective 
as of the Petition Date; and  
 
 PII Redaction Motion. Debtor’s Motion for Entry of an Order (A) Authorizing the 
Debtor to Redact Certain Personally Identifiable Information; (B) Authorizing the 
Debtor to Serve Certain Parties by Electronic Mail; (C) Approving Certain Notice 
Procedures; and (D) Granting Related Relief. 
 
46. 
The PII Redaction Motion.  Through the PII Redaction Motion, the Debtor seeks, 
among other things, (a) authority to redact certain personally identifiable information, (b) authority 
to serve certain parties by electronic mail; and (c) approval of certain notice procedures.  In my 
opinion it is appropriate to authorize the Debtor to redact from any paper filed or to be filed with 
the Court in this Chapter 11 Case the telephone numbers and home and email addresses of 
individual creditors as such information can be used to perpetrate identity theft and phishing scams 
or to locate survivors of domestic violence, harassment, or stalking.  Moreover, absent such relief, 
the Debtor could potentially be exposed to civil liability and significant financial penalties.  
Further, I believe email service is appropriate in this Chapter 11 Case under certain circumstances 
because, prior to the termination of the Tripartite Agreement, the Debtor conducted its business 
through an online cryptocurrency platform and communicated with its customers and other parties 
in interest primarily through electronic means and other web-based applications.  Indeed, the 
Debtor has in excess of 300 parties that are counterparties to SAFEs, counterparties to Warrants, 
or were customers of the Debtor who will require service of certain notices and other documents 
Case 26-11113-TMH    Doc 21    Filed 07/17/26    Page 17 of 22

=== page 18 ===
 
18 
filed in the Chapter 11 Case.  The Debtor’s books and records contain reliable email addresses for 
substantially all customers and creditors, and email is the method of communication through which 
such parties historically received important communications from the Debtor in the ordinary 
course of business.   
47. 
The DIP Motion.  Through the DIP Motion, the Debtor seeks, among other things:  
(a) authority to enter into a secured superpriority, multi-draw term loan debtor-in-possession 
financing in an amount of up to $5.7 million, of which (i) $750,000 will be available within 7 days 
after the later to occur of (x) entry by the Bankruptcy Court of an interim order (the “Interim DIP 
Order”) approving the DIP Facility on an interim basis, and (y) the entry into a credit agreement 
and other definitive documents with respect to the DIP Loans as agreed to between the DIP Lender 
and the Debtor; (ii) $2.55 million shall be available in two additional tranches following entry of 
a final order (the “Final DIP Order” and, together with the Interim DIP Order, the “DIP Order”) 
approving the DIP Facility; and (iii) an additional $2.4 million shall be available upon entry of an 
order confirming a plan under subchapter V of the Bankruptcy Code; (b) authority to use DIP cash 
collateral; (c) authority to assume the Fenix Agreement; and (d) subject to entry of the Final DIP 
Order, approval of the global resolution with the Foundation Parties (as defined in the DIP 
Motion). 
48. 
The Debtor has limited liquidity to continue business in the ordinary course and 
satisfy accruing administrative expenses.  For that reason, the Debtor requires debtor-in-possession 
financing to fund its Chapter 11 Case and ensure the administrative solvency of the Debtor’s estate 
through confirmation of a plan.  Absent the funding available under the DIP Facility, the Debtor 
would be unable to sustain operations and meet contractual obligations, pay its independent 
contractors, or achieve a successful outcome through the Chapter 11 process.  Accordingly, the 
Case 26-11113-TMH    Doc 21    Filed 07/17/26    Page 18 of 22

=== page 19 ===
 
19 
Debtor has an urgent and immediate need for entry of the Interim DIP Order as requested in the 
DIP Motion. 
49. 
As described above, the Debtor was unable to obtain post-petition financing on a 
fully unsecured basis or on better terms than the proposed DIP Facility.  Ultimately, following a 
series of arm’s-length negotiations with Foundation, the Debtor agreed to the terms of the proposed 
DIP Facility, which provides the Debtor with sufficient runway to confirm a plan under subchapter 
V of the Bankruptcy Code on reasonable terms.  Accordingly, the DIP Facility offered by the DIP 
Lender represents the best and only financing option available to the Debtor under the unique 
circumstances of the case.   
50. 
The DIP Lender made clear in its negotiations with the Debtor that it would not 
agree to lend unless the Debtor agreed to:  (i) pay the fees and expenses set forth in the DIP Term 
Sheet; (ii) assume the Fenix Agreement as part of the transaction; and (iii) grant releases to the 
DIP Lender and the other Foundation Parties from any claims that may arise out of any prior 
conduct of the Foundation Parties, or any interaction or relationship (alleged or otherwise) with 
the Foundation Parties, provided, however, that the releases shall not include any rights of the 
Debtor with respect to any breach by a Foundation Party of its obligations under the Fenix 
Agreement.   
51. 
Given the thorough negotiations with the DIP Lender and the Debtor’s assessment 
that it was unlikely to find better currently available alternatives given the lack of working capital, 
operational assets, and unique circumstances of the case, agreeing to these terms was a reasonable 
exercise of the Debtor’s business judgment.   
52. 
With limited cash on hand, and mounting litigation threats, the Debtor requires the 
proceeds from the DIP Facility to fund operations during the Chapter 11 Case.  Absent immediate 
Case 26-11113-TMH    Doc 21    Filed 07/17/26    Page 19 of 22

=== page 20 ===
 
20 
access to the DIP Facility and use of cash collateral, the Debtor will have insufficient liquidity to 
satisfy, among other things, (a) its working capital and business operating needs while it continues 
to satisfy its contractual obligations and wind down its affairs; (b) the administrative costs of this 
Chapter 11 Case; and (c) the funding requirements necessary to confirm a plan and pursue estate 
claims and causes of action for the benefit of all stakeholders.  Any delay or inability to draw under 
the DIP Facility will require the Debtor to cease operations and cause immediate and irreparable 
harm to the value of the Debtor’s estate to the detriment of all stakeholders.  For all of these 
reasons, the Debtor has an urgent and immediate need for entry of the interim order requested in 
the DIP Motion. 
53. 
It is also my belief that the proposed global resolution with Foundation (and the 
DIP Facility that coincides with it) is fair, reasonable, and in the interest of the estate.  First, the 
proposed releases under the global resolution are not prejudicial to the rights of creditors in the 
Chapter 11 Case, because the Fenix Agreement already contains substantially similar mutual 
releases for the same conduct.  Second, the DIP Facility that travels as part of the settlement will 
allow a litigation trustee to pursue claims and causes of action, which would otherwise be lost 
without funding, against the rightful targets, for the benefit of the Debtor’s estate.  Moreover, the 
settlement is the product of good-faith negotiations between the Debtor and the DIP Lender, and 
the agreement falls well within the range of reasonable litigation outcomes as to each of the issues 
encompassed by the settlement.  More specifically, the proposed resolution will allow the Debtor, 
its creditors and its estate to avoid the costs, risks, and delay attendant to litigating certain matters 
before the Court, particularly related to the structure of the Tripartite Agreement, the launch of the 
$MOVE token and the circumstances surrounding the same, the prepetition relationship between 
the Debtor and Foundation, and certain advancement rights between the parties, while affording 
Case 26-11113-TMH    Doc 21    Filed 07/17/26    Page 20 of 22

=== page 21 ===
 
21 
the Debtor the ability to preserve valuable estate claims and causes of action to be pursued by a 
litigation trust.  Finally, the proposed settlement (and DIP Facility that coincides with it) will 
preserve the go-forward relationship between the Debtor and Foundation under the terms of the 
Fenix Agreement, which will allow Foundation to continue to issue $MOVE tokens to 
counterparties under valid arrangements, thus avoiding further harm to those who have that have 
already been injured by the alleged improprieties.  
54. 
For these reasons, I believe the proposed global resolution that is intertwined with 
the DIP Facility is fair, reasonable, and in the interest of the estate. 
55. 
In my capacity as CRO to the Debtor, I believe the relief requested in the First Day 
Motions is necessary and essential to ensuring the Debtor’s immediate needs are met, and that the 
Debtor (and other constituencies) will not suffer any immediate and irreparable harm as a result of 
the commencement of this Chapter 11 Case.  My opinion as to the necessity of the First Day 
Motions is based upon my firsthand experience as CRO to the Debtor, and my firsthand experience 
as a Partner at Province, in its capacity as financial advisor to the Debtor, and my review of various 
materials and information provided to me by the Debtor and the Debtor’s other advisors, as well 
as discussions had in connection therewith.  In considering the necessary first-day relief, the 
Independent Director, the Debtor’s advisors, and I were cognizant of the level of cash on hand 
and, in light of these limitations, narrowed the relief requested at the outset of the Chapter 11 Case 
to only those matters that require urgent relief to preserve value during the pendency of this case.  
56. 
I have reviewed each of the First Day Motions (including the exhibits and schedules 
thereto) and am familiar with the content and substance contained therein.  The facts set forth in 
each First Day Motion are true and correct to the best of my knowledge and belief with appropriate 
reliance on other officers and advisors and I can attest to such facts.  
Case 26-11113-TMH    Doc 21    Filed 07/17/26    Page 21 of 22

=== page 22 ===
 
22 
57. 
For a more detailed description of the First Day Motions, I respectfully refer the 
Court to the respective First Day Motion.  The facts set forth in each of the First Day Motions, 
listed below, are incorporated herein in their entirety.  To the extent that this Declaration and the 
provisions of any of the First Day Motions are inconsistent, the terms of the First Day Motions 
shall control.   
58. 
The Debtor has tailored its requests for immediate relief to those circumstances 
when the failure to receive such relief would cause immediate and irreparable harm to the Debtor 
and its estate.  I believe an orderly transition into chapter 11 is critical to the viability of the 
Debtor’s operations and that any delay in granting the relief described below could hinder the 
Debtor’s operations and cause irreparable harm.  Other requests for relief will be deferred for 
consideration at a later hearing. 
 
Pursuant to 28 U.S.C. § 1746, I declare under penalty of perjury that the foregoing 
statements are true correct.  
Dated: July 17, 2026 
By:  
/s/ Michael Robinson  
 
Name: Michael Robinson 
Title: Chief Restructuring Officer 
Case 26-11113-TMH    Doc 21    Filed 07/17/26    Page 22 of 22

