=== page 1 ===
 
 
230850335 v7 
   
IN THE UNITED STATES BANKRUPTCY COURT 
FOR THE DISTRICT OF DELAWARE 
 
In re: 
 
TITAN CNG, LLC, et al.,1 
 
 
 
Debtors. 
 
Chapter 11 
 
Case No. 25-11525 (MFW) 
 
(Joint Administration Requested) 
DECLARATION OF MARK E. PALMER, 
CHIEF RESTRUCTURING OFFICER, IN SUPPORT OF THE  
DEBTORS’ CHAPTER 11 PETITIONS AND FIRST DAY MOTIONS 
I, Mark E. Palmer, declare the following under penalty of perjury: 
1. 
I am the Chief Restructuring Officer (“CRO”) of Titan CNG, LLC (“Titan CNG”) 
and its affiliated debtors and debtors-in-possession: Titan Transportation Equipment Leasing, LLC 
f/k/a EVO Equipment Leasing, LLC (“Titan Leasing”) and J.B. Lease Corporation (“J.B. Leasing” 
and collectively, the “Debtors”), and submit this declaration (the “Palmer Declaration”) in support 
of the chapter 11 petitions and first-day motions filed by the Debtors. 
2. 
Except as otherwise indicated, all facts in this declaration are based upon my 
personal knowledge, my discussions with the Debtors’ management team and advisors, my review 
of relevant documents and information concerning the Debtors’ operations, financial affairs, and 
restructuring initiatives, or my experience, knowledge, and familiarity with the Debtors’ business 
and operations. 
BACKGROUND 
3. 
I am the founder and managing director of Theseus Strategy Group LLC (“TSG”) 
 
1  The Debtors and the last four digits of each Debtors’ respective federal Employer Identification Number are:  Titan 
CNG, LLC (6720); Titan Transportation Equipment Leasing, LLC (5850); and J.B. Lease Corporation (2869). The 
Debtors’ service address is 20860 N Tatum Blvd. Suite 344, Phoenix, AZ 85050, Attn: Chief Restructuring Officer. 
Case 25-11525-MFW    Doc 10    Filed 08/20/25    Page 1 of 10

=== page 2 ===
 
2 
230850335 v7 
and have over 30 years of experience as a corporate/restructuring advisor and in special situations 
investing, novel transaction structures and complex liability/risk management. 
4. 
I was appointed as the Debtors’ CRO shortly prior to and in anticipation of the 
filing of the Debtors’ voluntary chapter 11 petitions with this Court. 
5. 
Since June 6, 2025, TSG was retained by EVO Transportation & Energy Services, 
Inc. (“EVO Transportation”), the Debtors’ parent company, as outside financial and restructuring 
advisory consultant to implement a company-wide improvement initiative to preserve and enhance 
its value for the benefit of its stakeholders. 
6. 
In this capacity, I assisted the Debtors with, among other things, liquidity 
management, operational issues, financial  needs, communications and negotiations with creditors, 
evaluation of strategic alternatives including potential sale alternatives, and the preparation and 
filing of these cases. 
7. 
It is my understanding that the Debtors will file an application to retain me as their 
CRO in these cases, subject to approval of the Court. 
THE CHAPTER 11 CASES 
8. 
On August 14, 2025 (the “Petition Date”), the Debtors filed voluntary petitions for 
relief under chapter 11 of title 11 of the United States Code, 11 U.S.C. §§ 101 et seq. (the 
“Bankruptcy Code”) commencing these cases (the “Chapter 11 Cases”) in the United States 
Bankruptcy Court for the District of Delaware (the “Bankruptcy Court”). 
9. 
In sum, the Debtors filed the Chapter 11 Cases to restructure their equipment 
lease and financing obligations and effectuate an orderly, value-maximizing restructuring and 
winddown of the Debtors’ businesses and operations, including through the sale of all or 
substantially all of the Debtors’ obsolete equipment and the amendment, assumption and 
Case 25-11525-MFW    Doc 10    Filed 08/20/25    Page 2 of 10

=== page 3 ===
 
3 
230850335 v7 
assignment of equipment financing agreements for the benefit of their creditors and other parties 
in interest.  The Debtors hope to leverage the stay provided by chapter 11 during this period in 
order to permit an orderly sale and negotiation process. 
10. 
To minimize the adverse effects on their business and facilitate the Chapter 11 
Cases, the Debtors have filed motions seeking certain relief contemporaneously herewith (the 
“First Day Motions”). 
11. 
The First Day Motions are intended to enable the Debtors to operate effectively and 
efficiently within these Cases, as well as to avoid certain adverse consequences that might 
otherwise result from the commencement thereof.  
THE DEBTORS’ HISTORY AND OPERATIONS 
12. 
The Debtors are part of the EVO family of companies, that operate individually as 
truckload carriers, and collectively under EVO Transportation, the Debtors’ parent company, as 
long-haul transportation and delivery service providers.  
13. 
Debtors, Titan Leasing f/k/a EVO Equipment Leasing, LLC and J.B. Lease 
Corporation are parties to various lease and finance agreements for the vehicles and vehicle 
equipment in their fleets (including tractors, trailers, and trucks).  Titan CNG was previously in 
the business of owning and operating compressed natural gas fueling stations and was acquired by 
EVO Transportation on November 22, 2016.2  Titan CNG is no longer operating. 
14. 
EVO Transportation and its affiliates provide transportation services to a variety of 
large customers, with a diversified fleet of tractors, straight trucks and other vehicles that operate 
on either diesel fuel, gasoline or compressed natural gas (CNG). 
15. 
EVO Transportation operates from its main headquarters in Phoenix, Arizona and 
 
2 Known as Minn Shares Inc. at the time. 
Case 25-11525-MFW    Doc 10    Filed 08/20/25    Page 3 of 10

=== page 4 ===
 
4 
230850335 v7 
via its operating subsidiaries from numerous operating locations including in Texas, Maryland, 
New Jersey, Missouri and  Wisconsin. 
THE DEBTORS’ CORPORATE AND CAPITAL STRUCTURE 
A. 
Corporate Structure 
16. 
Debtors, Titan CNG and Titan Leasing are both wholly owned subsidiaries of EVO 
Transportation.  Debtor J.B. Leasing is a wholly owned subsidiary of Titan Leasing and is based 
in Oak Creek, Wisconsin.  J.B. Leasing was acquired by EVO Transportation on February 1, 2019. 
17. 
The Debtors’ corporate structure is summarized below:  
 
 
 
B. 
Pre-Petition Capital Structure  
(i) 
The Term Loan 
18. 
On September 16, 2019, EVO Transportation entered into a $24.5 million financing 
agreement (the “Term Loan Agreement”) with Antara Capital Master Fund LP (“Antara Capital”), 
EVO Transportation 
& Energy Services, 
Inc.
Titan CNG, LLC
Titan Diamond Bar 
LLC
Titan El Toro LLC
Titan Blaine LLC
Titan Transportation 
Equipment Leasing, 
LLC
J.B. Lease 
Corporation
Case 25-11525-MFW    Doc 10    Filed 08/20/25    Page 4 of 10

=== page 5 ===
 
5 
230850335 v7 
CEOF Holdings LP (“CEOF Holdings” and collectively, the “Term Loan Lenders”) and Cortland 
Capital Market Services LLC, as administrative agent and collateral agent.  
19. 
Pursuant to the Term Loan Agreement, EVO Transportation initially borrowed 
$22.4 million and borrowed the remaining $2.1 million during October 2019 (the “Term Loan”).  
20. 
All of EVO Transportation’s subsidiaries (including the Debtors, collectively, the 
“EVO Subsidiaries”) are original guarantors under the Term Loan Agreement.  The Term Loan is 
secured by all assets of EVO Transportation and the EVO Subsidiaries, including pledges of all 
equity of EVO Transportation in the EVO Subsidiaries (the “Term Loan Collateral”).  
21. 
Concurrently, and in connection with the Term Loan Agreement, EVO 
Transportation issued two warrants (the “Antara Warrants”) to Antara Capital to purchase an 
aggregate of 4,375,000 shares of EVO Transportation’s common stock (the “Antara Warrant 
Shares”).  
(ii) 
The Bridge Loan 
22. 
On March 11, 2022, EVO Transportation entered into a Senior Secured Loan and 
Executive Loan Agreement (the “Bridge Loan Agreement” and together with the Term Loan 
Agreement, the “Pre-Petition Loan Agreements”) with Antara Capital, Thomas J. Abood, EVO 
Transportation's former chief executive officer, Damon R. Cuzick, EVO Transportation's former 
chief operating officer, Bridgewest Growth A Fund LLC, an entity affiliated with Billy (Trey) 
Peck Jr., EVO Transportation's executive vice president business development, and Batuta Capital 
Advisors LLC (“Batuta” and together with Mr. Abood, Mr. Cuzick and Bridgewest Growth Fund 
LLC, the “Executive Lenders”). 
23. 
Pursuant to the Bridge Loan Agreement, EVO Transportation obtained a bridge 
loan in the amount of $9 million (the “Bridge Loan” and together with the Term Loans, the “Pre-
Case 25-11525-MFW    Doc 10    Filed 08/20/25    Page 5 of 10

=== page 6 ===
 
6 
230850335 v7 
Petition Secured Loans”) from Antara Capital and also borrowed $800,000 from the Executive 
Lenders (the “Executive Loans” and together with the Term Loans and the Bridge Loan, the “Pre-
Petition Loans”).  
24. 
The Bridge Loan is guaranteed by all the EVO Subsidiaries (including the Debtors) 
and secured by liens on all assets, including pledges of all equity in EVO Subsidiaries. 
25. 
Pursuant to the terms of the Bridge Loan Agreement, the Executive Loans are 
subject to a springing contingent lien on all assets, subordinated in all respects to the Bridge Loan 
and contingent upon the repayment thereof.  
26. 
On September 8, 2022, EVO Transportation and Antara Capital entered into a 
Securities Purchase Agreement (the “SPA”) and consummated certain transactions involving the 
recapitalization of EVO Transportation (the “EVO Recapitalization Transactions”) and the 
cancellation of certain indebtedness in exchange for equity of EVO Transportation.  Among the 
EVO Recapitalization Transactions included an amendment to EVO Transportation’s certificate 
of incorporation to effectuate the increase in the number of authorized shares of its common stock, 
par value $0.0001, from 100 million to 600 million (the “EVO Charter Amendment”). 
27. 
Under the SPA, Antara Capital agreed to pay EVO Transportation $13.5 million to 
purchase preferred stock and immediately exercisable warrants to purchase shares of common 
stock of EVO Transportation at an exercise price of $0.0001 per share. 
28. 
As of the Petition Date, EVO Transportation and the Debtors have contingent 
liability with respect to EVO Transportation’s funded indebtedness in the aggregate principal 
amount of approximately $46 million, consisting of approximately: (i) $45 million on account of 
Pre-Petition Secured Loans; and (ii) $1 million on account of unsecured Executive Loans.  
29. 
In addition, as of the Petition Date, the Debtors have contingent liability of 
Case 25-11525-MFW    Doc 10    Filed 08/20/25    Page 6 of 10

=== page 7 ===
 
7 
230850335 v7 
approximately $37 million to lessors and other vehicle finance companies.  
THE DEBTORS’ GOALS IN THESE CHAPTER 11 CASES 
30. 
The Debtors’ primary assets include their interests in various trucks, trailers, and 
related transportation and vehicle equipment (the “Equipment”) under various lease and finance 
agreements (the “Equipment Leases and Finance Agreements”).  
31. 
The Debtors, in consultation with their advisors, have filed these Chapter 11 Cases 
to restructure the Equipment Leases and Finance Agreements and sell or dispose of obsolete 
equipment in an orderly fashion. 
32. 
In furtherance of these goals, the Debtors entered into that certain Shared Services 
and Funding Agreement (as may be amended, supplemented, or otherwise modified from time to 
time and including all exhibits thereto, the “Shared Services and Funding Agreement”) with EVO 
Transportation and certain operating affiliates as identified in the Shared Services and Funding 
Agreement (collectively, the “Operating Non-Debtor Affiliates”, and together with EVO 
Transportation, the “EVO Group”).  Under the Shared Services and Funding Agreement, the EVO 
Group agreed to, inter alia:  
(i) 
continue providing, at their own expense, Services (as that term is defined 
in the Shared Services and Funding Agreement and on Schedule 1 thereto) 
to the Debtors during these Chapter 11 Cases that are consistent with their 
past practices, including, but not limited to, general administrative, 
management, logistical, maintenance, insurance, compliance, technology, 
and employee support services; 
(ii) 
continued provide funding for the Debtors to make reasonable third-party 
charges necessary to retain and provide the Equipment to the EVO Group 
in the form of adequate protection payments or lease or rental payments on 
Equipment during the Chapter 11 Cases; 
(iii) 
pay for the reasonable professional and administrative expense fees, 
Case 25-11525-MFW    Doc 10    Filed 08/20/25    Page 7 of 10

=== page 8 ===
 
8 
230850335 v7 
including the US Trustee fees, incurred by the Debtors during the Chapter 
11 Cases consistent with the Budget attached to the Share Services and 
Funding Agreement; and 
(iv) 
fund a current carve-out fund of $50,000 for professional fees and US 
Trustee fees, plus an additional $50,000 for professional, US Trustee and 
chapter 7 trustee fees in the event of a conversion or termination of the 
Shared Services and Funding Agreement. 
 
EVIDENCE IN SUPPORT OF FIRST DAY MOTIONS 
A. 
The First Day Motions 
33. 
The Debtors are filing various First Day Motions seeking initial relief to smooth 
the entry into Chapter 11.  As a result of my discussions with counsel and other professionals, I 
have formed opinions as to: (a) the necessity of obtaining the relief sought in the First Day Motions, 
(b) the importance of the relief sought in the First Day Motions for the Debtors to continue to 
operate effectively, and (c) the negative impact upon the Debtors of not obtaining the relief sought 
in the First Day Motions. 
34. 
The First Day Motions include: 
(i) 
Motion of the Debtors for an Order Directing Joint Administration of 
Related Chapter 11 Cases; and  
(ii) 
Motion of the Debtors for Interim and Final Orders: (i) Authorizing, But 
Not Directing, the Continued Use of the Debtors’ Cash Management 
System, Bank Accounts, and Business Forms, (ii) Authorizing 
Intercompany Transactions, in accordance with the Shared Services and 
Funding Agreement, (iii) Approving the Shared Services and Funding 
Agreement, and (iv) Granting Related Relief (the “Cash Management and 
Funding Motion”). 
 
35. 
I am familiar with the content and substance of the First Day Motions and believe 
Case 25-11525-MFW    Doc 10    Filed 08/20/25    Page 8 of 10

=== page 9 ===
 
9 
230850335 v7 
that the relief sought in each of the First Day Motions is necessary to enable the Debtors to operate 
in Chapter 11 with minimal disruption to their business operations and constitutes a critical 
element in successfully winding down the Debtors’ businesses for the benefit of creditors and 
parties in interest.   
36. 
Through the Cash Management and Funding Motion, the Debtors seek authority to, 
among other things, ensure the continuation of the Debtors’ cash management systems, approve 
intercompany transactions, and fund the Debtors’ Chapter 11 Cases and operations without 
interruption.  The Debtors’ continued performance under the Shared Services and Funding 
Agreement, which provides for the sharing of essential services between the Debtors and the EVO 
Group, enables the Debtors to fund Lease Payment Obligations and conduct an orderly winddown 
of their estates, thereby maximizing the value of the estates and recoveries for all creditors.  
Pursuant to the Shared Services and Funding Agreement, the EVO Group will continue to provide 
certain corporate and operational services, including shared insurance coverage, corporate 
services, and employees to the Debtors.  Under the Agreement, and in accordance with prepetition 
practice and the ordinary course, the Debtors will provide the EVO Group with access to their 
Equipment.   
37. 
The funding and Services provided by the EVO Group are essential to the Debtors’ 
business, especially while they seek to wind down in an orderly fashion during these Chapter 11 
Cases, which requires minimal disruption to their business to preserve the value of assets to be 
liquidated.  Accordingly, approval of the Shared Services and Funding Agreement is reasonable 
and justified. 
38. 
I believe that the relief requested in the First Day Motions is also necessary to allow 
the Debtors to successfully implement their goals and honor their contractual and fiduciary duties 
Case 25-11525-MFW    Doc 10    Filed 08/20/25    Page 9 of 10

=== page 10 ===
 
10 
230850335 v7 
during these Chapter 11 Cases. 
39. 
For the reasons stated herein and in each of the First Day Motions filed concurrently 
or in connection with the commencement of these Cases, I respectfully request that each of the 
First Day Motions be granted, together with such other and further relief as this Court deems just 
and proper. 
CONCLUSION 
40. 
The Debtors believe that these Chapter 11 Cases, and the strategy outlined above, 
represent the best and only way to provide a meaningful return to creditors, and maintain the 
Debtors’ mission to serve their creditors, vendors and customers.  
41. 
I declare under penalty of perjury that the foregoing is true and correct to the best 
of my knowledge, information, and belief.  
Dated:  August 20, 2025 
 
 
________________________ 
 Mark E. Palmer 
Chief Restructuring Officer of the Debtors 
 
Case 25-11525-MFW    Doc 10    Filed 08/20/25    Page 10 of 10

