=== page 1 ===
IN THE UNITED STATES BANKRUPTCY COURT 
FOR THE DISTRICT OF DELAWARE 
 
In re: 
BLH TOPCO LLC, et al.,1 
 
Debtors. 
Chapter 11 
 
Case No. 25-10576 (CTG) 
 
(Joint Administration Requested) 
 
DECLARATION OF LESLIE CROOK IN SUPPORT OF 
CHAPTER 11 PETITIONS AND FIRST DAY PLEADINGS 
 
I, Leslie Crook, hereby declare as follows: 
  
1. 
I serve as the Chief Administrative Officer (“CAO”) of the debtors and debtors in 
possession (the “Debtors”) in the above-captioned bankruptcy cases (these “Cases”).  The Debtors 
operate and franchise locally themed, social gastrobars under the “Bar Louie” brand (collectively, 
“Bar Louie”).  I submit this declaration in support of the Debtors’ petitions for relief under chapter 
11 of title 11 of the United States Code (the “Bankruptcy Code”) filed on March 26, 2025 (the 
“Petition Date”) and the relief requested pursuant to the Debtors’ applications and motions filed 
contemporaneously herewith (collectively, the “First Day Motions”).   
2. 
I have substantial experience providing interim management, turnaround 
consulting, financial advisory, and consulting services for middle market companies and their 
lenders or investors.  I have served as President of a chain of 85 restaurants, Chief Strategy Officer, 
Chief Information Officer, director, and turnaround advisor in various industries.  On February 19, 
2025, I was appointed as CAO to provide interim management, process improvement and 
turnaround advisory services. 
 
1 The Debtors in these cases, along with the last four digits of each Debtor’s federal tax identification 
number, are: BLH TopCo LLC (9009); BLH HoldCo LLC (7735); BLH Acquisition Co., LLC (5779); 
BLH Restaurant Franchises LLC (8093); and BLH White Marsh LLC (2950). The Debtors’ mailing 
address is 15305 Dallas Parkway, 12th Floor, Addison, TX 75001. 
Case 25-10576-CTG    Doc 15    Filed 03/27/25    Page 1 of 11

=== page 2 ===
3. 
I am familiar with the Debtors’ operations, business affairs and circumstances 
leading to these Cases.  Unless otherwise indicated, all facts set forth in this declaration are based 
on (a) my personal knowledge of the Debtors’ business operations and finances or my review of 
relevant documents, (b) information received from persons working under my supervision or 
direction, the Debtors’ management team, or the Debtors’ advisors, and/or (c) my opinion based 
upon my experience as a restaurant executive and management and turnaround consultant.  If 
called upon to testify, I would testify competently to the facts set forth herein. 
BACKGROUND 
4. 
Bar Louie is an upscale neighborhood bar and eatery known for a relaxed 
atmosphere, handcrafted cocktails, a well curated selection of local and regional beers, high quality 
wines, and a robust menu.  The Bar Louie concept centers on locally themed bars that cater to the 
specific demographics within each neighborhood location.  Founded in 1991 in Chicago, Illinois, 
the Debtors operate 31 locations, franchise another 17 locations, and employ approximately 1,400 
persons across 19 states.  Bar Louie restaurants are located in a variety of locations, including 
lifestyle centers, traditional shopping malls, event locations, central business districts and other 
stand-alone specialty sites. 
5. 
The Debtors acquired the Bar Louie business in May 2020 through a section 363 
sale process in a prior bankruptcy proceeding.2  However, despite strong progress after the 
reduction of pandemic-era restrictions, the Debtors have continued to struggle in the face of 
various financial and operational challenges, including a number of underperforming locations, 
increased costs of operation, and mounting macroeconomic pressures. 
 
2  These prior cases were commenced in this district on January 27, 2020, and jointly administered under 
the caption In re BL Restaurants Holding, LLC, Case No. 20-10156 (CTG) (collectively, the “Prior 
Cases”). 
Case 25-10576-CTG    Doc 15    Filed 03/27/25    Page 2 of 11

=== page 3 ===
6. 
After an unsuccessful prepetition marketing process and substantial prepetition 
operational restructuring efforts, the Debtors commenced these Cases to effect a comprehensive 
reorganization to be implemented through a chapter 11 plan that will result in a substantial 
deleveraging of the Debtors’ balance sheet.  The Debtors believe that the contemplated 
reorganization will deliver a value-maximizing result for their estates, creditors and other 
stakeholders. 
CORPORATE AND CAPITAL STRUCTURE 
 
7. 
As shown on the Corporate Organizational Court attached as Exhibit A, Debtor 
BLH TopCo LLC (“TopCo”) owns 100% of the membership interests of debtor BLH Holdco LLC 
(“HoldCo”), which, in turn owns 100% of the membership interests of BLH Acquisition Co., LLC 
(“BLH Acquisition”), which in turn owns 100% of the membership interests of (both) BLH 
Franchises Restaurants LLC (“Franchises”) and BLH White Marsh LLC (“White Marsh”).  
TopCo, HoldCo, BLH Acquisition and Franchises are all Delaware limited liability companies.  
White Marsh is a Maryland limited liability company.  Nondebtor Bar Louie Restaurant Group 
LLC owns 100% of the membership interests of TopCo. 
8. 
BLH Acquisition, Holdco, and Franchises are obligors under the Credit Agreement 
dated as of May 27, 2020 (as amended and restated from time to time, the “Prepetition Credit 
Agreement”) with Bar Louie LLC (the “Lender”), as successor administrative agent and 
successor lender.  As of the Petition Date, BLH Acquisition, Holdco, and Franchises, are indebted 
under the Prepetition Credit Agreement in the amount of not less than $69,982,865.97, plus 
additional fees, expenses, and other amounts arising under the Prepetition Credit Agreement.  The 
obligations of BLH Acquisition, Holdco, and Franchises under the Prepetition Credit Agreement 
are secured by senior security interests in and liens on substantially all of their assets, constituting 
Case 25-10576-CTG    Doc 15    Filed 03/27/25    Page 3 of 11

=== page 4 ===
substantially all of the Debtors’ assets.  The Lender acquired the agent and lender positions under 
the Prepetition Credit Agreement from the prior holders on or about February 18, 2025. 
EVENTS LEADING TO THESE CASES 
 
9. 
Despite positive results since the cessation of COVID-related restrictions, the 
Debtors have been adversely affected by significant macroeconomic factors that have placed 
imposed negative pressure on the Company’s margins and cash flow.  Inflationary pressures have 
caused consumers, generally, to cut back on dining out.  At the same time, menu prices have risen 
to keep pace with increased food, utility and labor costs.  As a result, many of the Debtors’ 
restaurants have underperformed, causing a drag on the Debtors’ financial performance and 
management attention.   
10. 
Among other metrics evidencing the Debtors’ financial challenges, Bar-level 
EBITDA for November 2024 was 38.8% less than the same period in 2023.  As of December 1, 
2024, year-to-date EBITDA was approximately 9% less than the same period in 2023.   
11. 
From June 2024 through February 2025, the Debtors employed Kroll Securities to 
lead a marketing process to procure a sale of all or certain parts of their businesses.  The process 
was unsuccessful.  Throughout their diligent marketing efforts, the Debtors worked to address their 
business challenges to restore operating margins.  Over the past two years, such efforts have 
included price changes, promotions based on data-driven marketing and customer analysis, and 
creative measures to lower the cost of goods sold and an analysis of underperforming locations. 
12. 
As the Debtors’ liquidity continues to deteriorate, commencing these Cases is 
necessary to preserve the value of the Debtors’ assets and maximize their going concern value.  In 
light of these factors and the need to take immediate action to preserve value, the Debtors’ 
management considered and ultimately authorized the Debtors to seek bankruptcy protection.  The 
Case 25-10576-CTG    Doc 15    Filed 03/27/25    Page 4 of 11

=== page 5 ===
Debtors, with the assistance of their advisors, are focused on preserving cash, improving cash flow, 
and moving these Cases forward expeditiously so that the value of these businesses can be 
maximized for the benefit of the Debtors’ estates. 
13. 
Through these Cases, the Debtors will implement their right-sizing plan, including 
closing, at least, 13 corporate-owned and operated locations.3  With their new footprint, the 
Debtors will be better equipped to retain and grow market share in areas with strong performance 
and brand success.  In addition to the cost savings from location closures, the Debtors expect 
performance improvements for retained locations from lease concessions and contract 
renegotiations, as well as from customer migration from closed locations.  With the protection of 
the Court, the Debtors will continue the process they started pre-petition of improving cash flow, 
streamlining operations, and reshaping the Debtors’ footprint and operations for growth.  
CURRENT LEADERSHIP  
14. 
The Debtors’ sole director is Teri Stratton. Ms. Stratton has more than twenty years’ 
experience in financial advisory and investment banking services and has been involved in 
numerous financial and operational restructurings, valuations, solvency analyses, fraudulent 
transfer disputes, investment banking and corporate finance transactions, and troubled company 
due diligence investigations.  Ms. Stratton has represented debtors or creditors’ committees in a 
significant number of cases including In re Red Lobster Mgmt., LLC, No. 24-02486 (GER) (M.D. 
Fla. May 19, 2024); In re MusclePharm Corp., No. 22-14422 (NMC) (Bankr. D. Nev. Aug. 28, 
2023); In re Meridian Restaurants Unlimited, LC, No. 23-20731 (JTM) (Bankr. D. Uta. Aug. 1, 
2023); In re CBC Restaurant Corp., No. 23-10245 (KBO) (Bankr. D. Del. June 2, 2023); In re 
CiCi’s Holdings, Inc., No. 21-30155 (SGJ) (Bankr. N.D. Tex. Mar. 1, 2021); In re VIVUS, Inc., 
 
3 The lease for each corporate-owned and operated location resides with BLH Acquisition.  The Debtors 
do not own any real estate; all restaurant locations are leased. 
Case 25-10576-CTG    Doc 15    Filed 03/27/25    Page 5 of 11

=== page 6 ===
No. 20-11779 (LSS) (Bankr. D. Del. Jul. 7, 2020); and In re Garden Fresh Restaurant 
Corporation, No. 20-02477 (JLS) (Bankr. S.D. Cal. May 14, 2020). 
15. 
The Debtors' Chief Executive Officer, Brian Wright, has decades of experience in 
restaurant operations.  Earlier this year, Ms. Stratton appointed me as Chief Administrative Officer 
to oversee the Debtors' operations. Additionally, I am the sole shareholder of the holding company. 
NEED FOR POSTPETITION FINANCING 
16. 
Without post-petition financing, the Debtors’ lack the cash to implement their 
contemplated reorganization through these Cases.  The Debtors require new funding to ensure 
sufficient working capital to operate their businesses, preserve and maximize the value of their 
estates, administer their estates, and confirm and implement a chapter 11 plan.  The Debtors’ 
liquidity needs include payments to employees, third-party vendors, landlords, utilities, taxing 
authorities, and insurance companies, among others, who provide the essential services needed to 
operate, maintain, and insure the Debtors’ assets.  Accordingly, the Debtors have sought debtor-
in-possession loans from various parties and, contemporaneous herewith, have sought the Court’s 
permission to enter into a $2,475,000 debtor-in-possession financing facility with consensual use 
of cash collateral (as further described herein, the “DIP Facility”). 
17. 
Before commencing these Cases, the Debtors solicited third-party lenders for 
postpetition financing to assess the availability of such financing and confirm appropriate terms 
for the Debtors to continue to operate and administer these Cases. This process did not result in 
any actionable alternative sources of post-petition financing.  I am unaware of any third party 
(other than the Lender) willing to provide the Debtors the financing necessary to continue to 
operate and to administer these Cases and to do so on terms that are more beneficial to the Debtors 
and their estates. 
Case 25-10576-CTG    Doc 15    Filed 03/27/25    Page 6 of 11

=== page 7 ===
18. 
The Debtors have committed to a tight timeline toward an effective date of a 
confirmed chapter 11 plan.  The milestones agreed to by the Debtors, and sought for approval in 
the DIP Motion, are as follows: 
• within 5 days of the Petition Date, the Debtors must obtain entry the Interim DIP 
Order, in form set forth in the DIP Motion; 
 
• within 28 days of the Petition Date, the Debtors must file a plan and disclosure 
statement acceptable to the Lender in its sole discretion; 
 
• within 90 days of the Petition Date, the Debtors must obtain entry of an order, in 
form and substance acceptable to Lender confirming a chapter 11 plan; and 
 
• within 120 days of the Petition Date, the effective date of a plan must occur. 
 
19. 
I have worked with the Debtors to prepare a budget for operating and other 
administrative expenditures during the short timespan of these Cases, which is attached to the DIP 
Motion (as defined herein).  I am familiar with the budget and its contents. As described in the 
DIP Motion, the Debtors require approximately $1.35 million of new funding so that the Debtors 
can operate their businesses and restructure through a chapter 11 plan.  I believe the budget is fair, 
reasonable, and appropriate under the circumstances.  
20. 
In my opinion, the currently contemplated DIP Facility, will provide the Debtors 
with necessary and sufficient capital to (a) avoid irreparable harm to the Debtors’ estates; 
(b) operate throughout these Cases; and (c) provide the Debtors with sufficient runway to achieve 
confirmation and implementation of their contemplated chapter 11 plan.  The DIP Facility is 
needed to assure customers, employees, landlords, and vendors that these Cases are sufficiently 
funded and that post-petition expenses can and will be paid.  Additionally, the DIP Facility will 
provide the Debtors with continued access to cash collateral, which relieves the Debtors of the cost 
of borrowing additional amounts to replace that cash.  The DIP Facility is also critical to preserving 
going concern value and moving these Cases toward a confirmed chapter 11 plan.  
Case 25-10576-CTG    Doc 15    Filed 03/27/25    Page 7 of 11

=== page 8 ===
21. 
I believe that the DIP Facility is the product of good faith, arms-length, vigorous 
negotiation among the Debtors and the Lender, and their respective counsel and advisors.  Without 
access to additional funding and the continued use of cash collateral as contemplated under the 
DIP Facility, the Debtors would suffer immediate and irreparable harm, and the Debtors’ 
operations will deteriorate, eventually forcing a liquidation.  
THE FIRST DAY MOTIONS  
22. 
Contemporaneously with the filing of this Declaration, the Debtors have filed or 
will file the First Day Motions to minimize the disruption and adverse effects of the 
commencement of the Cases on the Debtors’ operations and to preserve value for their estates and 
all stakeholders.   
23. 
The First Day Motions are:   
a. Joint Administration.  Debtors’ Motion for Entry of Order Directing Joint 
Administration of Related Cases and Granting Related Relief; 
b. Creditor Matrix.  Debtors’ Motion for Entry of an Order (I) Authorizing 
the Debtors to File a Consolidated (A) Creditor Matrix; and (B) Top 30 
Creditors List; (II) Authorizing Redaction of Certain Personal 
Identification Information; and (III) Granting Related Relief; 
c. Cash Management.  Debtors’ Motion for Entry of Interim and Final 
Orders (I) Authorizing the Debtors to (A) Continue to Operate Their Cash 
Management System, (B) Honor Certain Prepetition Obligations Related 
Thereto, (C) Maintain Existing Business Forms, (D) Continue Certain 
Intercompany Transactions; and (II) Granting Related Relief; 
d. Utilities.  Debtors’ Motion for Entry of Interim and Final Orders 
(I)(A) Prohibiting Utility Providers from Altering, Refusing, or 
Discontinuing Services to, or Discriminating Against, the Debtors, 
(B) Approving the Debtors’ Proposed Form of Adequate Assurance of 
Payment for Future Utility Services, and (C) Approving the Debtors’ 
Proposed Procedures for Resolving Additional Assurance Requests, and 
(II) Granting Related Relief; 
e. Insurance.  Debtors’ Motion for Entry of Interim and Final Orders (I) 
Authorizing the Debtors To (A) Continue Their Insurance Policies and 
Case 25-10576-CTG    Doc 15    Filed 03/27/25    Page 8 of 11

=== page 9 ===
Premium Financing Arrangements and (B) Honor All Obligations with 
Respect Thereto; and (II) Granting Related Relief; 
f. Employee Obligations.  Debtors’ Motion for Entry of Interim and Final 
Orders (I) Authorizing (A) Payment of Prepetition Wages, Employee 
Benefits Obligations and Other Compensation, (B) Continue Employee 
Benefits Programs and Payment of Related Administrative Obligations; and 
(II) Granting Related Relief; 
g. Taxes.  Debtors’ Motion for Entry of Interim and Final Orders 
(I) Authorizing Payment of Sales, Use, and Other Taxes and Fees, 
(II) Authorizing Banks and Other Financial Institutions to Receive, 
Process, and Honor and Pay Checks Issued and Electronic Payment 
Requests Made Related to Such Taxes and Fees; 
h. Claims & Noticing Agent.  Debtors’ Application for Appointment of 
Stretto as Claims and Noticing Agent; 
i. Critical Vendors. Debtors’ Motion for Entry of Interim and Final Orders 
Authorizing Payment of Certain Section 503(b)(9) Claims and PACA/PASA 
Claims, and Granting Related Relief; 
j. Customer Programs. Debtors’ Motion for Entry of Interim and Final 
Orders Authorizing the Debtors to Honor and Continue Certain Customer 
Programs and Customer Obligations in the Ordinary Course of Business 
and Granting Related Relief; and 
k. Lease Rejection.  Debtors’ First Omnibus Motion for Entry of an Order 
(I) Authorizing (A) Rejection of Certain Unexpired Leases and 
(B) `Abandonment of Certain Personal Property In Connection Therewith, 
Each Effective as of the Petition Date; and (II) Granting Certain Related 
Relief (the “Lease Rejection Motion”); 
24. 
The First Day Motions request authority to, among other things, enter into the DIP 
Financing, honor workforce-related compensation and benefits obligations, pay claims of certain 
critical vendors, suppliers, and taxing authorities, continue to honor certain customer programs, 
and continue the Debtors’ cash management system and other operations in the ordinary course of 
business to ensure minimal disruption of the Debtors’ business operations during these Cases. For 
the avoidance of doubt, the Debtors request authority, but not direction, to incur indebtedness, pay 
amounts or satisfy obligations with respect to the relief requested in the First Day Motions. 
Case 25-10576-CTG    Doc 15    Filed 03/27/25    Page 9 of 11

=== page 10 ===
25. 
The Lease Rejection Motion requests authority to (a) reject certain Leases (as 
defined in the Lease Rejection Motion) and (b) abandon certain Personal Property (as defined in 
the Lease Rejection Motion) with such rejection and abandonment effective as of the Petition Date.  
Each “Lease” is for a restaurant location determined to be burdensome or a restaurant determined 
to be underperforming or unprofitable.  For each of the Leases, the Debtors ceased operations and 
vacated the premises and gave notice of surrender to the applicable landlord and provided keys or 
codes, as applicable, prior to the Petition Date.  The Debtors have determined that the costs of the 
Leases outweigh any marginal benefits that could possibly be achieved from assignments or 
subleases of the Leases (to the extent permitted by the terms thereunder).  Moreover, the Debtors 
have evaluated the personal property at each location and have determined that (a) it is of 
inconsequential value or (b) the cost of removing and storing such personal property for future 
use, marketing, or sale exceeds the value of the personal property to the Debtors’ estates. 
Accordingly, and as further detailed in the Lease Rejection Motion, the Debtors believe that the 
rejection of the Leases and the abandonment of the Personal Property as of the Petition Date is 
appropriate and in the best interests of the Debtors, their estates, and their creditors.  
26. 
I have reviewed each of the First Day Motions (including the exhibits and schedules 
attached thereto) listed above, and the facts set forth in the First Day Motions are incorporated 
herein by reference.  To the best of my knowledge, the facts set forth in the First Day Motions are 
true and correct, and if called upon to testify, I could and would testify competently to such facts. 
27. 
As described in the First Day Motions, I believe that the Debtors’ requests for 
interim relief are narrowly tailored, or where the requested payments would otherwise be entitled 
to priority over general unsecured claims under the Bankruptcy Code.  It is my opinion that the 
relief sought in the First Day Motions is essential to avoid irreparable harm and to allow the 
Case 25-10576-CTG    Doc 15    Filed 03/27/25    Page 10 of 11

=== page 11 ===
Debtors to operate without disruptions, as well as to preserve the value of the Debtors’ estates, and 
is in the best interests of the Debtors’ estates, creditors and other stakeholders.   
CONCLUSION 
28. 
For the reasons described herein and in the First Day Motions, I believe that the 
relief requested in the First Day Motions should be granted by the Court, with such other and 
further relief for the Debtors as this Court deems just and proper, in the most expeditious manner 
possible. 
Pursuant to 28 U.S.C. § 1746, I declare under penalty of perjury that the foregoing is true 
and correct. 
Executed on: March 27, 2025  
 
 
/s/ Leslie Crook 
 
 
 
Leslie Crook 
Chief Administrative Officer of the Debtors 
 
Case 25-10576-CTG    Doc 15    Filed 03/27/25    Page 11 of 11

