=== page 1 ===
Case 25-90013-mxm11    Doc 29    Filed 10/22/25    Entered 10/22/25 15:56:40    Desc Main

Document      Page 1 of 35

IN THE UNITED STATES BANKRUPTCY COURT

FOR THE NORTHERN DISTRICT OF TEXAS

FORT WORTH DIVISION

In re:  
 
 
 
 
 
  § 
Chapter 11 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
  § 
 
PRIMALEND CAPITAL PARTNERS, LP, et al.1 §  
Case No. 25-90013 (MXM) 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
  § 
  
 
Debtors. 
 
 
 
 
  § 
(Joint Administration Requested) 
 
DECLARATION OF TANYA MEEROVICH IN SUPPORT OF DEBTORS’

CHAPTER 11 PETITIONS AND REQUESTS FOR FIRST DAY RELIEF 
  
 
I, Tanya Meerovich, pursuant to 28 U.S.C. § 1746, hereby declare that the following is true

to the best of my knowledge, information, and belief:

1. 
I am a Senior Managing Director of FTI Consulting, Inc. (“FTI”), pre-petition

consultants to PrimaLend Capital Partners, LP (“PCP”), Good Floor Loans LLC (“GFL”), and

LNCMJ Management, LLC (“LNCMJ”) (collectively, the “Debtors”). I was appointed the Chief

Restructuring Officer (“CRO”) of each of the Debtors on October 22, 2025. I am over 18 years of

age and authorized to submit this declaration (this “First Day Declaration”) on behalf of the

Debtors.

2. 
FTI is a publicly traded, global business advisory firm with more than 7,900

employees across thirty-four (34) countries around the world. FTI is dedicated to helping

organizations manage change, mitigate risk, and resolve disputes: financial, legal, operational,

political and regulatory, reputational, and transactional. With more than 2,200 professionals in

seventy-two (72) offices across twenty-nine (29) countries, FTI’s Corporate Finance &

Restructuring segment is one of the leading restructuring advisors in the world. FTI focuses on the

1 The debtors and debtors-in-possession in these Chapter 11 Cases, along with the last four digits of their respective 
Employer Identification Numbers, are as follows: PrimaLend Capital Partners, LP (0313) (“PCP”), Good Floor Loans 
LLC (8219) (“GFL”), and LNCMJ Management, LLC (1374) (“LNCMJ”). The location of the Debtors’ headquarters 
is 3460 Lotus Dr. Ste. 100, Plano, TX 75075.

=== page 2 ===
Case 25-90013-mxm11    Doc 29    Filed 10/22/25    Entered 10/22/25 15:56:40    Desc Main

Document      Page 2 of 35

strategic, operational, financial, transactional and capital needs of clients to deliver a wide range

of services centered around three core offerings: (i) Turnaround, Restructuring and Bankruptcy;

(ii) Business Transformation; and (iii) Transactions. FTI also couples industry experts with

seasoned operators and restructuring professionals, to provide outside-the-box, yet practical

solutions in complex situations. FTI’s clients include corporations, boards of directors, investors,

private equity sponsors, banks, lenders and other financing sources and creditor groups, as well as

other parties-in-interest.

3. 
I have more than twenty years of experience leading complex transformations and

advising on in- and out-of-court restructurings for companies across industries, with expertise in

the financial services, real estate, nonprofit, insurance, healthcare, education, energy,

manufacturing, infrastructure, print, entertainment, and retail industries. I graduated from

Roosevelt University with a Bachelor’s degree in business management and finance. I am a

Chartered Financial Analyst, a Certified Insolvency and Restructuring Advisor and a Certified

Turnaround Professional. I have extensive experience in interim management roles, acting as Chief

Restructuring Officer (“CRO”), Chief Transformation Officer (“CTO”), Windup Director and

Liquidating Trustee. My recent engagements in the financial services industry include, among

others: Reverse Mortgage Investment Trust, where I served as a Chief Restructuring Officer; First

Guaranty Mortgage Corporation, where I served as a Chief Restructuring Officer; AG Mortgage

Investment Trust Inc; Impac Mortgage; MFA Financial; Ocwen Financial; Residential Capital;

Reverse Mortgage Solutions; Credit-Based Asset Servicing and Securitization; Progrexion; JH

Capital; Litton Loan Servicing; Ditech Corporation; Walter Investments; and Stearns Lending.

Prior to joining FTI, I was in the Financial Services Advisory group of RSM Cayman Islands,

2

=== page 3 ===
Case 25-90013-mxm11    Doc 29    Filed 10/22/25    Entered 10/22/25 15:56:40    Desc Main

Document      Page 3 of 35

where I was involved in a number of high-profile and complex cross-border insolvency

engagements in the financial services sector.

4. 
I have worked to familiarize myself with the Debtors’ financial affairs and business

operations. I am responsible for overseeing the Debtors’ preparation for these chapter 11 cases

(these “Chapter 11 Cases”). I have further familiarized myself with the Debtors’ day-to-day

operations, organizational structure, and books and records by reviewing key financial documents

and engaging in discussions with other members of the Debtors’ management team, the Debtors’

advisors, and the FTI professionals providing financial advisory services to the Debtors.

5. 
In March 2025, the Debtors engaged FTI to serve as financial advisor to the

Debtors. My team members and I have been working closely with the Debtors to provide certain

financial advisory and consulting services to the Debtors in connection with their assessment and

management of liquidity, sizing of potential financing requirements, execution of deleveraging

transactions, and evaluation of strategic alternatives, including review of associated financial and

operating information, assistance with operational readiness, and due diligence support in

connection with such strategic alternatives. As noted above, on October 22, 2025, I was appointed

the CRO for the Debtors, and the Debtors entered into a new engagement with me and FTI

regarding the CRO role.

6. 
Except as otherwise stated in this First Day Declaration, the statements set forth

herein are based upon: (i) my personal knowledge or opinions based upon my experience; (ii)

information that I have received from the Debtors’ advisors or employees and/or the FTI

professionals working directly with me or under my supervision, direction, or control, and/or (iii)

my review of relevant documents and information concerning the Debtors’ operations and

financial affairs. Any references to the Bankruptcy Code (as defined below), the chapter 11

3

=== page 4 ===
Case 25-90013-mxm11    Doc 29    Filed 10/22/25    Entered 10/22/25 15:56:40    Desc Main

Document      Page 4 of 35

process, and related legal matters herein reflect my understanding of such matters based on the

explanations and advice provided to me by the Debtors’ counsel. If called upon, I could and would

testify competently to the facts set forth in this First Day Declaration.

7. 
I submit this First Day Declaration on behalf of the Debtors in support of: (a) the

Debtors’ voluntary petitions for relief that they filed under chapter 11 of title 11 of the United

States Code, 11 U.S.C. §§ 101-152 (the “Bankruptcy Code”); and (b) the “first-day” motions

filed concurrently herewith (collectively, the “First Day Motions”). The relief sought in the First

Day Motions is intended to minimize the adverse effects of the commencement of these Chapter

11 Cases on the Debtors’ operations. I have reviewed the Debtors’ petitions and the First Day

Motions, and it is my belief that the relief sought therein is necessary to preserve and maximize

the value of the Debtors’ estates and serves the best interests of the Debtors’ estates, creditors, and

other parties in interest.

THE COMPANY’S BUSINESS

A. 
The Buy Here Pay Here Industry

8. 
The Buy Here Pay Here (“BHPH”) industry involves a specific type of car

dealership model where the dealership not only sells vehicles on its lot, but also finances the

purchase to the consumer. The financing of the sale by the BHPH dealer is generally done pursuant

to a seller-financed contract called a Retail Installment Sales Contract (“RISC”). The BHPH

industry serves an important role in the marketplace by providing opportunities for vehicle

ownership to those with poor or no credit. In recent years, elevated used-vehicle prices and rising

interest rates have exacerbated the need for this segment, as many consumers remain locked out

of prime auto credit markets. Further, the BHPH industry creates value for the economy as a whole

4

=== page 5 ===
Case 25-90013-mxm11    Doc 29    Filed 10/22/25    Entered 10/22/25 15:56:40    Desc Main

Document      Page 5 of 35

by attributing value to used or lower-valued vehicles that otherwise might not be sold by a more

traditional car dealership.

9. 
The financing and funding for BHPH dealers can generally be characterized into

one of three categories: (i) self-funded payment streaming and/or bulk receivable sales (i.e., the

BHPH dealer originates RISCs and either immediately sells them, or packages them together and

sells them periodically as a portfolio), (ii) non-traditional lenders that specialize in lending to the

BHPH industry, and (iii) traditional bank financing. The Debtors  and their non-Debtor affiliates

fall into the second category (non-traditional lender specializing in lending to the BHPH industry)

and serve an important purpose in the BHPH industry—providing liquidity to profitable dealers

that cannot self-fund and that may not yet qualify for traditional bank financing. Over the years,

the Company has assisted multiple borrowers (i.e., BHPH dealers) in “graduating” from the

Company’s lending platform to more traditional bank financing, thus lowering the cost of capital

of the dealers and increasing their profitability.

5

=== page 6 ===
Case 25-90013-mxm11    Doc 29    Filed 10/22/25    Entered 10/22/25 15:56:40    Desc Main

Document      Page 6 of 35

10. 
With approximately 30,000 licensed BHPH dealers and approximately $20 billion

in annual receivables originations (in other words, BHPH dealer loans to consumers), the market

to finance these BHPH dealers is sizable and complex. Barriers to entry in the industry are high

due to the complexity of independent auto dealer finance, the experience required to adequately

address industry changes, the fragmented independent dealer universe, and significant regulatory

requirements, among others.

B. 
The Company and its History

11. 
Founded in Dallas in 2007, the Debtors and their non-Debtor affiliates, PCAP

Holdings, LP (“PCAP”) and PrimaLend Real Estate LLC (“PRE,” and collectively with PCAP

and the Debtors, the “Company” or “PrimaLend”) are one of the largest national asset-based

lenders that directly finances BHPH car dealerships and third-party RISC investors (each a

“Dealer-Borrower”). The Debtors and their non-Debtor affiliates originate first-lien revolving

lines of credit (“RLOCs”), sub-debt loans, inventory floorplan loans, and real-estate backed loans

in twelve different states, approximately two-thirds of which are with Dealer-Borrowers based in

Texas. As of the Petition Date, the Company holds approximately $280 million in loans from its

Dealer-Borrowers.

12. 
The Company, then doing business as PrimaLend Capital Group, Inc., obtained its

first credit facility in 2007 for $2.5 million, growing its borrowing base capacity to $6.0 million

later that year. In 2010, PrimaLend Capital Partners, LP (“PCP”) was formed. In 2019, to further

meet its Dealer-Borrowers’ needs, the Company began offering floor plan loans through its

business unit, Good Floor Loans, LLC (“GFL”). Between 2020 and 2023, the Company continued

experiencing significant year-over-year growth, and added its third business unit—PrimaLend

Real Estate LLC (“PRE”)—which lends money to Dealer-Borrowers related to their real estate to

6

=== page 7 ===
Case 25-90013-mxm11    Doc 29    Filed 10/22/25    Entered 10/22/25 15:56:40    Desc Main

Document      Page 7 of 35

allow them to unlock equity values in real property to grow their businesses. The Company’s three

primary offerings through PCP, GFL, and PRE combine to form a portfolio of liquidity options

for Dealer-Borrowers, with many Dealer-Borrowers having outstanding loans in two or even all

three business segments.

13. 
The Company differentiates itself through its strong reputation as a market leader,

its advanced technology platform, and its deep industry expertise. More specifically, the

Company’s breadth of services (including end-to-end servicing, floor plan financing, and solutions

to unlock real estate equity) allows it to partner with Dealer-Borrowers to support them in growing

and scaling their businesses in ways few competitors can match. In addition to its breadth of

offerings, the Company employs proprietary technology that integrates in real time with dealers’

dealer-management systems (“DMS”) to monitor their inventory, sales and collections. The

Company’s platform provides enhanced monitoring of its Dealer-Borrowers’ loan portfolios and

inventory collateral, which supports faster funding decisions and earlier visibility into risk. The

Company is led by a seasoned executive leadership team with over sixty (60) years of combined

experience in the BHPH industry.

C. 
The Company’s Organizational Structure

7

=== page 8 ===
Case 25-90013-mxm11    Doc 29    Filed 10/22/25    Entered 10/22/25 15:56:40    Desc Main

Document      Page 8 of 35

i. 
PCAP Holdings LP 
 
14. 
PCAP is the holding company and as such owns the equity interests in each of PCP,

GFL and PRE. As explained in the capital structure below, PCAP is the primary borrower on the

Senior Unsecured Notes (as defined below). PCAP ownership is comprised of approximately

thirty-one (31) limited partners.

ii. 
LNCMJ Management, LLC

15. 
As shown above, LNCMJ is the management company and acts as the general

partner of both PCAP and PCP. LNCMJ is owned 50/50 by Mark and Christi Jensen, but is

managed pursuant to its amended operating agreement, by a board of managers (the “Board”)

consisting of Mark Jensen (Chief Executive Officer), Kellie Casse (Executive Vice President), and

an independent manager, Matthew Kahn.

iii. 
PrimaLend Capital Partners, LP

16. 
PCP concentrates its lending practice on loans to BHPH dealers based upon the

dealer’s portfolio of RISCs. As of September 30, 2025, the amount of the loans in PCP’s loan

portfolio was approximately $233.8 million. The overwhelming majority (90%) of the loans in

PCP’s loan portfolio are first-lien revolving lines of credit made to Dealer-Borrowers based upon

the Dealer-Borrower’s portfolio of RISCs. PCP’s loan portfolio also contains approximately $23.5

million of subordinated loans to Dealer-Borrowers.

iv. 
Good Floor Loans, LLC

17. 
Like PCP, GFL loans to BHPH dealers. However, GFL makes loans to dealers

based upon the dealer’s vehicle inventory. In this way, GFL and PCP work together to assist

Dealer-Borrowers with purchasing vehicles (via the Dealer-Borrower’s floorplan loan with GFL),

8

=== page 9 ===
Case 25-90013-mxm11    Doc 29    Filed 10/22/25    Entered 10/22/25 15:56:40    Desc Main

Document      Page 9 of 35

and monetizing the sale of those vehicles (via the Dealer-Borrower’s RLOC loan with PCP). When

a Dealer-Borrower sells a vehicle it financed on its line of credit with GFL, it borrows money from

PCP (pledging the RISC it received related to the sale of the vehicle as collateral to PCP) to pay

down the amount the Dealer-Borrower owed to GFL related to the vehicle sold. As of September

30, 2025, the amount of the loans in GFL’s loan portfolio was approximately $24.6 million.

v. 
PrimaLend Real Estate, LLC

18. 
A number of the Company’s Dealer-Borrowers (and the Dealer-Borrower’s

affiliates and related entities) own real estate. To assist those Dealer-Borrowers with liquidity

needs, PRE offers loans to finance the real estate owned by those Dealer-Borrowers, or by affiliates

of the Dealer-Borrowers or their principals. As of September 30, 2025, the amount of loans in

PRE’s loan portfolio was approximately $20.2 million.

vi. 
PrimaLend Investments Corp

PrimaLend Investments Corp is an active entity but is not being used by the Debtors, or

anyone else, at this time. It holds no assets, no liabilities, and has no revenues or expenses.

PREPETITION CAPITAL STRUCTURE2

19. 
As of the Petition Date, the Company’s capital structure consists of (i) funded debt

liabilities totaling approximately $286.1 million, including approximately (a) $186.5 million in

outstanding principal interest in senior secured indebtedness, (b) $75.0 million in senior unsecured

notes, and (c) $24.6 million in junior subordinated indebtedness; and (ii) equity.

Debt 
Maturity Date 
Facility Limit ($) 
Approx. Balance as

of Petition Date ($) 
Secured Debt 
PCP Credit Facility 
October 23, 2025 
$180,000,000 
$161,700,000 
GFL Credit Facility 
December 31, 2027 
$40,000,000 
$16,200,000

2 The following description of the Company’s capital structure is for informational purposes only and is qualified in 
its entirety by reference to the documents setting forth the specific terms of such obligations and their respective 
related agreements.

9

=== page 10 ===
Case 25-90013-mxm11    Doc 29    Filed 10/22/25    Entered 10/22/25 15:56:40    Desc Main

Document      Page 10 of 35

July 15, 2028 
n/a 
$75,000,000

PRE Credit Facility 
May 5, 2026 
$20,000,000 
$8,600,000 
Unsecured Debt 
Senior Unsecured 
Notes

various 
n/a 
$24,600,000

Junior Unsecured 
Subordinated Notes

Total 
$286,100,000

A. 
Senior Secured Indebtedness

i. 
PCP Credit Facility

20. 
PCP’s senior secured indebtedness consists of that certain Amended and Restated

Credit Agreement (as amended, modified, restated and/or replaced from time to time) dated as of

August 27, 2024, among PCP, as borrower, PCAP, LNCMJ, Mark Jensen, Christi Jensen, and

Paxton Wright, as guarantors, the lender parties thereto, and CIBC Bank USA (“CIBC”), as

administrative agent (the “Prepetition First Lien PCP Credit Facility”). In January of 2025, the

Prepetition First Lien PCP Credit Facility  was amended pursuant to that certain First Amendment,

Consent, and Limited Waiver to Amended and Restated Credit Agreement (the “January 2025

Amendment”). In September of 2025, the Prepetition First Lien PCP Credit Facility was further

amended pursuant to that certain Second Amendment to Amended and Restated Credit Agreement

(the “September 2025 Amendment”). As of the Petition Date, the aggregate principal balance

owed pursuant to the Prepetition First Lien PCP Credit Facility  was approximately $161.7 million.

ii. 
GFL Credit Facility

21. 
GFL’s senior secured indebtedness consists of that certain Commercial Credit

Agreement (as amended, modified, restated and/or replaced from time to time) dated as of

September 20, 2022, among GFL, as borrower, PCAP, LNCMJ, Mark Jensen, and Christi Jensen,

as guarantors, and Amarillo National Bank, a national banking association (“ANB”), as lender (the

“GFL  Credit Agreement”). In connection with the GFL Credit Agreement, GFL executed that

10

=== page 11 ===
Case 25-90013-mxm11    Doc 29    Filed 10/22/25    Entered 10/22/25 15:56:40    Desc Main

Document      Page 11 of 35

certain Promissory Note providing for a revolving line of credit (the “ANB Note”). As of the

Petition Date, the aggregate principal balance owed pursuant to the GFL Credit Agreement was

approximately $16.2 million.

iii. 
PCP/GFL Intercreditor Agreement

22. 
As explained above, there is overlap between the Dealer-Borrowers that PCP and

GFL both lend to. Both PCP’s and GFL’s loans to the Dealer-Borrowers are secured by all-asset

liens against the Dealer-Borrowers’ assets. Further, in the majority of (if not all of) the instances

where PCP and GFL have both loaned money to a Dealer-Borrower, PCP’s UCC-1 financing

statement is first-filed in-time, and thus, absent an agreement between the entities, PCP’s lien

would be superior to GFL’s lien. However, PCP and GFL entered into an Intercreditor Agreement

that sets forth the relative rights between the two debtors (the “PCP/GFL Intercreditor

Agreement”). Generally, the PCP/GFL Intercreditor Agreement provides that PCP’s lien is senior

as to the Dealer-Borrower’s portfolio of RISC, and GFL’s lien is senior as to the Dealer-

Borrower’s vehicle inventory. In other words, PCP agrees that, regardless of lien validity,

perfection order, applicable law or possession, its lien on Good Floor Priority Collateral (as that

term is defined in the PCP/GFL Intercreditor Agreement) is junior to GFL’s lien on that same

collateral. Conversely, GFL agrees, that, under the same conditions, its lien on the PrimaLend

Priority Collateral (as that term is defined in the PCP/GFL Intercreditor Agreement) is junior to

PCP’s lien on that collateral.

iv. 
PRE Credit Facility

23. 
PRE, as borrower, and ANB, as lender, were parties to that certain Commercial

Credit Agreement dated as of May 5, 2022, as amended by the April 25, 2023 First Amendment

to Commercial Credit Agreement (the “PRE Credit Agreement”). In connection with the PRE

11

=== page 12 ===
Case 25-90013-mxm11    Doc 29    Filed 10/22/25    Entered 10/22/25 15:56:40    Desc Main

Document      Page 12 of 35

Credit Agreement, PRE, as borrower, executed a promissory note and other ancillary loan

documents related to the PRE Credit Agreement (collectively, the “PRE Loan Documents”).

PCAP is a guarantor in the PRE Credit Facility (by virtue of the fact that PCAP was a guarantor

on ANB’s loan to PRE, and PrimaLend Capital Group, Inc. (“PCG”) took assignment of ANB’s

loan to PRE.

24. 
PCG later purchased ANB’s loan to PRE, evidenced by the PRE Credit Agreement

and the PRE Loan Documents, effective December 30, 2024, pursuant to that certain Loan

Purchase Agreement by and between PRE, as borrower, ANB, as seller, and PCG, as purchaser.

As of the Petition Date, the aggregate principal balance owed pursuant to the PRE Credit

Agreement was approximately $8.6 million.

B. 
Senior Unsecured Noteholders

25. 
PCAP is a party to that certain Note Purchase Agreement, dated July 9, 2021, for

the issuance of 6.50% senior unsecured notes due 2028 (the “Senior Unsecured Notes”), pursuant

to which PCAP borrowed $75.0 million in principal in July 2021. Pursuant to the Senior Unsecured

Notes, PCAP issued $75.0 million in aggregate principal amount of 6.50% Senior Unsecured

Notes.

26. 
The 6.50% Senior Unsecured Notes bear interest at 6.50% per annum with interest

payable quarterly in cash. On July 15, 2025, the Company determined not to make an interest

payment on the 6.50% Senior Unsecured Notes. As of the Petition Date, the aggregate principal

amount outstanding on the 6.50% Senior Unsecured Notes was approximately $75.0 million.

27. 
On or about the time of the issuance of the 6.50% Senior Unsecured Notes, PCAP

loaned certain amounts of the $75.0 million borrowed to its three subsidiaries—PCP, GFL, and

PRE—and accordingly entered into intercompany notes (the “PCAP Intercompany Notes”) with

12

=== page 13 ===
Case 25-90013-mxm11    Doc 29    Filed 10/22/25    Entered 10/22/25 15:56:40    Desc Main

Document      Page 13 of 35

each of the subsidiaries memorializing the amounts loaned. More specifically, PCAP loaned PCP

the aggregate amount of $61.5 million. Additionally, PCAP loaned GFL the aggregate amount of

$7.5 million. And finally, PCAP loaned PRE the aggregate amount of $6.0 million.

C. 
Junior Unsecured Subordinated Notes

28. 
In addition to the senior secured indebtedness and senior unsecured noteholders

described herein, the Debtors have borrowed money pursuant to certain junior unsecured

subordinated notes. The junior unsecured unsubordinated notes can generally be divided into two

categories of subordinated notes: (i) notes to individuals and entities not related to the Debtors and

their principals (the “Unsecured Subordinated Notes”), and (ii) notes to individuals and entities

related to, or affiliated with, the Debtors and their principals (the “Related Party Subordinated

Notes” and collectively with the Unsecured Subordinated Notes, the “Junior Unsecured

Subordinated Notes”). As of the Petition Date, the amount outstanding on the Unsecured

Subordinated Notes is approximately $17.5 million and the aggregate amount outstanding on the

Related Party Subordinated Notes is approximately $7.1 million.

D. 
Equity

29. 
As explained above, PCAP is owned by thirty-one limited partners. Twenty of the

limited partners each own less than one percent (1%) of limited partnership interests. Further,

another eight limited partners each own less than five percent (5%) of the limited partnership

interests. The limited partner with the highest percentage of the limited partnership interests is

PrimaLend Capital Group, Inc., which owns approximately thirty-six percent (36%) of the limited

partnership interests in PCAP. The limited partner with the next highest percentage of limited

partnership interests is Ovation Alternative Income Master Fund LP, which owns approximately

thirty-two percent (32%) of the limited partnership interests in PCAP.

13

=== page 14 ===
Case 25-90013-mxm11    Doc 29    Filed 10/22/25    Entered 10/22/25 15:56:40    Desc Main

Document      Page 14 of 35

EVENTS LEADING TO THE CHAPTER 11 CASES

A. 
Macro Economic Factors and Industry Headwinds

30. 
Like many industries, the COVID-19 pandemic had a substantial impact on the

BHPH industry. The global supply chain interruptions caused by the pandemic led to an increase

in the price of new cars, which quickly spread to used cars as well. In response to the COVID-19

pandemic, the government enacted a number of programs and policies that provided cash to

businesses and consumers, initially helping consumers make auto payments. However, when these

funds were no longer available following the COVID-19 pandemic, consumer defaults on auto

loans increased significantly. As discussed below, the sharp and dramatic increase in the amount

of money in circulation contributed to the rapid inflation seen in 2022 and 2023, which then

triggered a corresponding rapid rise in interest rates, both of which dramatically affected the auto

industry and the BHPH industry as a whole.

31. 
Beginning in 2021, the United States began experiencing rapid inflation. According

to the Bureau of Labor Statistics, in October 2021, inflation was 6.2%. Two months later, in

December 2021, inflation had risen to 7.0%. By June 2022, inflation had risen to 9.1%, the highest

the country had seen in over forty years. The rapid rise in inflation had a significant impact on

discretionary spending, including on automobiles.

32. 
In response to the rapid rise in inflation, the Federal Reserve Bank began to

aggressively raise interest rates in 2022. The rapid increase in interest rates made dealers’

borrowing costs more expensive. The increased cost also resulted in higher consumer defaults on

auto loans. Further, after a significant increase in used car prices through 2023 (as a result of the

factors discussed above), used car prices have recently normalized from the elevated post-COVID

14

=== page 15 ===
Case 25-90013-mxm11    Doc 29    Filed 10/22/25    Entered 10/22/25 15:56:40    Desc Main

Document      Page 15 of 35

levels. As a result, dealers experienced additional losses due to the reduced recovery on

repossessed vehicles.

33. 
Starting in the second half of 2022, delinquency rates began steadily increasing. In

the subprime and deep subprime markets, where BHPH dealers lend, increases in delinquencies

affect not only lenders but also the dealers directly. As consumers default on RISCs, dealers lose

a critical source of liquidity (i.e., the revenue derived from collecting the monthly payments made

pursuant to the RISCs). At the same time, as consumers become further delinquent, the delinquent

loans become ineligible on the dealer’s borrowing base line of credit, thus limiting the dealer’s

ability to procure new vehicles and further exacerbating its liquidity problems. These dual impacts

can quickly create a cycle that affects all industry participants.

B. 
Background to Restructuring

34. 
The preceding factors and effects on the BHPH industry profoundly affected the

Debtors. As a consequence of the industry-wide headwinds discussed above, as well as declining

performance at certain of the Debtors’ Dealer-Borrowers, the Debtors saw unprecedented losses,

leading to an over-advance on the CIBC Credit Facility in August 2024.

35. 
In an effort to mitigate these factors and improve liquidity, the Debtors sold partial

participations in their loans to Dealer-Borrowers during the fall and winter of 2024. These

participations (the “BVY2 Participations”) were sold to BVY Partners II, LLC (“BVY2”), a non-

Debtor affiliate described further herein. These efforts raised over $34.0 million in liquidity,

enabling the Company to cure the over-advance on the CIBC Credit Facility and providing for

further deleveraging.

36. 
Notwithstanding these efforts, the stress on liquidity continued and it became clear

that these stopgap solutions were insufficient, resulting in another over-advance on the CIBC

15

=== page 16 ===
Case 25-90013-mxm11    Doc 29    Filed 10/22/25    Entered 10/22/25 15:56:40    Desc Main

Document      Page 16 of 35

Credit Facility in January 2025, as well as an over-advance on the ANB Credit Facility. It was

apparent that a more comprehensive solution was required and that the Debtors’ capital structure

was no longer sustainable.

37. 
In February 2025, CIBC sent notices of default to the Company and demanded the

Company take certain actions, including hiring a financial advisor. Shortly thereafter, the

Company engaged FTI and Spencer Fane to begin assisting with development of a strategy to

stabilize the Debtors’ businesses and maximize value for stakeholders. Since then, the Company

and its advisors have been working closely with the various stakeholders to define the path

forward.

38. 
Since March 2025, the Debtors worked with multiple of their distressed Dealer-

Borrowers to execute a number of deleveraging transactions, which led to principal paydowns by

the Dealer-Borrowers and other cash inflows that allowed the Debtors to lower their exposure to

its senior secured lenders.

39. 
In July of 2025, LNCMJ amended its operating agreement (the “Amended

LNCMJ Operating Agreement”) to provide for greater corporate governance. Among other

things, the Amended LNCMJ Operating Agreement established a board of managers (the

“Board”) to govern LNCMJ (and as a result, the governance of each of the Debtors and non-

Debtors), with an independent manager. In connection with the execution of the Amended LNCMJ

Operating Agreement, in July 2025, the Debtors engaged Matthew Kahn to serve as independent

manager to the Board (the “Independent Manager”). Shortly thereafter, the Board formed a

Special Committee and appointed Matthew Kahn as its sole initial member to inter alia review,

negotiate, evaluate, and approve, if applicable, any transaction or portion of a transaction that may

constitute a conflict matter. Further, the Special Committee was delegated the authority and power

16

=== page 17 ===
Case 25-90013-mxm11    Doc 29    Filed 10/22/25    Entered 10/22/25 15:56:40    Desc Main

Document      Page 17 of 35

to take any and all actions, including, but not limited to: assessing, prosecuting, releasing, or

settling potential claims or causes of action of the Company or its subsidiaries, if any, against

Insiders or Affiliates (as those terms are defined in the Bankruptcy Code)(collectively, the

“Related Parties”). As of August 27, 2025, LNCMJ, at the sole direction of the Independent

Manager, engaged Katten Muchin Rosenman LLP (“Katten”) as independent counsel to assist in,

among other things, conducting an independent investigation (the “Independent Investigation”)

into any and all potential estate claims and causes of action against the Related Parties arising from

the Debtors’ prepetition transactions and business dealings. The Independent Manager, with the

assistance of Katten, has begun conducting the Independent Investigation, which is ongoing as of

the Petition Date and will proceed during the Chapter 11 Cases.

40. 
Also in July 2025, the Debtors engaged Houlihan Lokey (“Houlihan”) to pursue

refinancing options, including pursuing capital solutions related to the maturing RLOC debt with

CIBC, and to initiate a sale process. During the marketing process Houlihan identified and

approached over fifty (50) different capital sources and strategic parties. In response, the

Company, with its advisors’ assistance, received and executed approximately twenty-eight (28)

non-disclosure agreements. Houlihan hosted calls and provided documents in response to diligence

requests to multiple parties, and ultimately received four indications of interest. After calls and

discussions with those four parties, one party emerged as a potential purchaser (the “Potential

Purchaser”). Simultaneously with their discussions with the Potential Purchaser, the Debtors

engaged in discussions and negotiations with certain holders of the Senior Unsecured Notes (the

“Noteholders”) owed by the Debtors’ parent, PCAP.

41. 
As discussions and negotiations progressed with the Potential Purchaser and

Noteholders, it became apparent that the BVY2 Participations, and certain provisions in the BVY2

17

=== page 18 ===
Case 25-90013-mxm11    Doc 29    Filed 10/22/25    Entered 10/22/25 15:56:40    Desc Main

Document      Page 18 of 35

Participations, were causing concerns. The BVY2 Participations contain provisions that prohibit PCP

from unilaterally making certain modifications to RLOCs in which BVY2 owns a BVY2 Participation.

More specifically, the BVY2 Participation Agreement generally prohibits PCP from reducing the

principal of the RLOCs, increasing the amount of the RLOC, reducing the interest under the RLOCs,

extending the term of any RLOCs, postponing any payment dates, or releasing all or substantially all

of the collateral securing the RLOCs, without first obtaining BVY2’s consent (the “BVY2 Consent

Rights”).

42. 
In response, the Debtors and their advisors engaged in negotiations with BVY2 and its

advisors regarding a potential transaction to resolve the issues related to the concerns raised by the

Potential Purchaser. Prior to the Petition Date, the Debtors and BVY2 reached an agreement in

principle, that the Potential Purchaser has also reviewed, that involves BVY2 transferring its BVY2

Participations in twenty-seven (27) loans to PCP, in exchange for PCP transferring to BVY2 five (5)

loans in which BVY2 owns BVY2 Participations (the “Exchange Transaction”). The Exchange

Transaction results in PCP owning twenty-seven (27) loans unencumbered by the obligations of the

BVY2 Participation Agreements and BVY2 Consent Rights.

43. 
As of the Petition Date, the Company and its advisors continue to engage in

discussions and negotiations with the Potential Purchaser and are striving to obtain a binding letter

of intent in the near future. Additionally, in the days leading up to the Petition Date, one of the

parties that originally provided an indication of interest has reaffirmed its interest in the Debtors,

and is working to provide the Debtors with an updated offer.

44. 
Against this backdrop, the Debtors have negotiated postpetition financing (the

“PCP DIP Facility”) from the PCP prepetition senior secured lenders to support the Debtors and

their operations. The PCP DIP Facility is fully supported by PCP’s prepetition senior secured

18

=== page 19 ===
Case 25-90013-mxm11    Doc 29    Filed 10/22/25    Entered 10/22/25 15:56:40    Desc Main

Document      Page 19 of 35

lenders and will provide the Debtors with the financial stability necessary to continue servicing

their Dealer-Borrower customers, while pursuing their restructuring efforts.

FIRST DAY MOTIONS

45. 
Contemporaneously herewith, the Debtors have filed a number of First Day

Motions seeking orders granting various forms of relief intended to stabilize the Debtors’ business

operations, facilitate the efficient administration of these Chapter 11 Cases, and execute an

efficient and smooth restructuring. I am familiar with the contents of each of the First Day Motions

and believe that the relief sought there is necessary to enable the Debtors to operate during these

Chapter 11 Cases with minimal disruption or loss of productivity and value and best serves the

Debtors’ estates and creditors’ interests. The First Day Motions include the following:

Administrative Motions

• “Joint Administration Motion”: Debtors’ Emergency Motion for Entry of 
an Order Jointly Administering the Affiliated Debtors; 
 
• “Consolidated Matrix Motion”: Debtors’ Emergency Motion for Enry of 
an Order (I) Authorizing the Debtors to File (A) A Consolidated Creditor 
Matrix, (B) A Consolidated List of Top 30 Unsecured Creditors (II) 
Authorizing the Debtors to Redact Certain PII from the Consolidated 
Creditor Matrix, (III) Establishing a Complex Service List, (IV) Authorizing 
the Form and Manner of Notice of Commencement, and (V) Granting 
Related Relief;

• “Claims Agent Retention Application”: Debtors’ Emergency Application 
for Entry of Order Authorizing the Employment and Retention of Stretto, 
Inc. as Claims, Noticing, and Solicitation Agent Effective as of the Petition 
Date; and

• “SOAL/SOFA Motion”: Debtors’ Emergency Motion for Entry of an 
Order Extending Time for Debtors to File Schedules and Statement of 
Financial Affairs.

Operational Motions

• “Cash Management Motion”: Debtors’ Emergency Motion For Entry of 
an Order (I) Authorizing the Debtors to (A) Continue to Operate Their Cash

19

=== page 20 ===
Case 25-90013-mxm11    Doc 29    Filed 10/22/25    Entered 10/22/25 15:56:40    Desc Main

Document      Page 20 of 35

Management System and Maintain Existing Bank Accounts, (B) Continue 
Using Existing Checks and Business Forms, (C) Maintain Their Corporate 
Card Program, and (D) Continue Intercompany Transactions; (II) Waiving 
Certain UST Guidelines, and (III) Granting Related Relief; 
 
• “Wages Motion”: Debtors’ Emergency Motion for Entry of an Order (I) 
Authorizing the Debtors to Pay Prepetition Wages, Compensation, and 
Employee Benefits, and (II) Granting Related Relief;

• “Insurance Motion”: Debtors’ Emergency Motion for Entry of an Order 
(I) Authorizing the Debtors to (A) Continue Prepetition Insurance Coverage 
and Satisfy Prepetition Obligations Related Thereto, and (B) Renew, 
Amend, Supplement, Extend, or Purchase Insurance Coverage on a 
Postpetition Basis in the Ordinary Course; (II) Modifying the Automatic 
Stay Solely with Respect to Workers’ Compensation Claims; and (III) 
Granting Related Relief;

• “Tax Motion”: Debtors’ Emergency Motion for Entry of an Order (I) 
Authorizing the Debtors to Pay Certain Taxes and Fees, and (II) Granting 
Related Relief;

• “Utilities Motion”: Debtors’ Emergency Motion for Entry of an Order (I) 
Prohibiting Utilities from Altering, Refusing, or Discontinuing Service; (II) 
Deeming Utilities Adequately Assured of Future Performance; (III) 
Establishing Procedures for Determining Adequate Assurance of Payment; 
and (IV) Granting Related Relief;

• “Servicing Motion”: Debtors’ Emergency Motion for Entry of Interim and 
Final Orders (I) Authorizing the Debtors to Continue Their Servicing 
Obligations, (II) Approving Procedures Loss Mitigation and Settlement 
Procedures, and (III) Granting Related Relief; and

• “DIP Motion”: Debtor’s Emergency Motion for Entry of Interim and Final 
Orders (I) Authorizing (A) Postpetition Financing and (B) the Use of Cash 
Collateral, (II) Granting Liens and Providing Superpriority Administrative 
Expense Claims, (III) Granting Adequate Protection to Prepetition Lenders, 
(IV) Modifying the Automatic Stay, (V) Scheduling a Final Hearing, and 
(VI) Granting Related Relief 
 
46. 
I have consulted with the Debtors’ management and advisors regarding the relief

requested in the First Day Motions and I understand each of the First Day Motions and the relief

requested therein. To the best of my knowledge and belief, the factual statements contained in each

First Day Motion are true and accurate. Capitalized terms used but not otherwise defined in this

20

=== page 21 ===
Case 25-90013-mxm11    Doc 29    Filed 10/22/25    Entered 10/22/25 15:56:40    Desc Main

Document      Page 21 of 35

section of this Declaration shall have the meanings ascribed to such terms in the relevant First Day

Motions.

47. 
The operational First Day Motions seek authority to, among other things, continue

use of the Debtors’ cash management system, honor employee-related wages and benefit

obligations, continue their Servicing Obligations, and maintain other operations in the ordinary

course of business. Certain of the First Day Motions seek authority to pay certain prepetition

claims. I understand that Federal Rule of Bankruptcy Procedure 6003 provides, in relevant part,

that the Court shall not consider motions to pay prepetition claims during the first 21 days

following the filing of a chapter 11 petition, except to the extent necessary “to avoid immediate

and irreparable harm.” In light of this requirement, I understand the Debtors have narrowly tailored

their requests for immediate authority to pay certain prepetition claims to those circumstances

where the failure to pay such claims would cause immediate and irreparable harm to the Debtors

and their estates. Accordingly, I believe and am advised that emergency consideration of such

motions is justified and warranted.

48. 
I further believe that the relief requested in the First Day Motions is necessary, is

in the best interest of the Debtors’ estate, their creditors, and all other parties in interest, and will

allow the Debtors to operate with minimal disruption and maximize value preservation during the

pendency of these Chapter 11 Cases. Additionally, I believe that (i) the relief requested in each

operational First Day Motion is critical, (ii) unless the relief is granted, the Debtors risk the

probability of harm, or, alternatively, loss of economic advantage to the estate which is

disproportionate to the amount of the prepetition claim sought to be satisfied; and (iii) there are no

practical or legal alternatives by which the Debtors can deal with the claimants sought to be paid

other than by payment of the claim.

21

=== page 22 ===
Case 25-90013-mxm11    Doc 29    Filed 10/22/25    Entered 10/22/25 15:56:40    Desc Main

Document      Page 22 of 35

49. 
Accordingly, for the reasons set forth herein and in each respective First Day

Motion, I believe that the Court should grant the relief requested in the First Day Motions.

A. 
Joint Administration Motion

50. 
Pursuant to the Joint Administration Motion filed concurrently herewith, the

Debtors request entry of an order directing consolidation of these Chapter 11 Cases for procedural

purposes only. There are three Debtors, who I understand are all affiliates of one another because,

among other reasons, LNCMJ Holdings, LLC directly or indirectly owns or controls 20% of more

of the outstanding voting securities of each other Debtor. Accordingly, I believe that joint

administration is appropriate and authorized by the Bankruptcy Code and Bankruptcy Rules.

51. 
Moreover, I believe joint administration of the Debtors’ Chapter 11 Cases will save

the Debtors and their estates substantial time and expense by removing the need to prepare,

replicate, file, and serve duplicate notices, applications, and orders. Further, joint administration

would relieve the Court of entering duplicative orders and maintaining duplicative files and

dockets. The United States Trustee and other parties in interest would also certainly benefit from

joint administration of these cases because it would spare them the time and effort of reviewing

multiple dockets and duplicative pleadings and papers.

52. 
As such, based on the foregoing, I believe that joint administration of these Chapter

11 Cases is in the best interest of the Debtors, their estates, and all other parties in interest and

should be approved.

B. 
Consolidated Matrix Motion

53. 
Pursuant to the Consolidated Matrix Motion, the Debtors seek entry of an order (i)

authorizing the Debtors to (a) file a consolidated creditor matrix in lieu of submitting separate

mailing matrices for each Debtor, (b) file a consolidated list of the Debtors’ 30 largest unsecured

22

=== page 23 ===
Case 25-90013-mxm11    Doc 29    Filed 10/22/25    Entered 10/22/25 15:56:40    Desc Main

Document      Page 23 of 35

creditors in lieu of filing separate lists for each Debtor, (ii) authorizing the Debtors to redact certain

personal identification, (iii) establishing a Complex Service List, (iv) authorizing the form and

manner of notice of commencement of these Chapter 11 Cases; and (v) granting related relief.

54. 
It is my understanding, that Bankruptcy Rule 1007 requires each debtor to file a list

containing names and addresses of all creditors, including individuals, as well as a separate list of

creditors holding the largest unsecured claims against each debtor. Because the Top 30 Lists of the

Debtors likely overlaps, and certain Debtors may have fewer than 30 significant unsecured

creditors, I believe that filing separate Top 30 Lists for each Debtor would be of limited utility. I

believe that a single consolidated list of the Debtors’ top 30 unsecured creditors that have the

greatest stake in these cases provides more clear information to case stakeholders than separate

lists for each of the Debtors. In addition, I believe the exercise of compiling separate Top 30 Lists

for each individual Debtor would consume excess and additional amounts of the Debtors’ limited

time and resources. A single Top 30 List will also help alleviate administrative burden, costs, and

the possibility of duplicative service. Consequently, I believe that filing a consolidated Top 30 List

is necessary for the efficient and orderly administrative of these Chapter 11 Cases, appropriate

under the facts and circumstances, and is in the best interests of the Debtors and their estates.

55. 
The Debtors also request that certain personal identification information be

redacted of the Debtors’ employees and individual creditors of the Debtors from the Creditor

Matrix because such information could be used to perpetuate identity theft or to harm employees.

The Debtors propose to provide an unredacted version of the Creditor Matrix to the U.S. Trustee,

counsel to any official committee of unsecured creditors appointed in these Chapter 11 Cases, and

the Court.

23

=== page 24 ===
Case 25-90013-mxm11    Doc 29    Filed 10/22/25    Entered 10/22/25 15:56:40    Desc Main

Document      Page 24 of 35

56. 
Based on the foregoing, I believe any delay in granting the relief requested in the

Consolidated Matrix Motion would hinder the Debtors’ operations and cause immediate and

irreparable harm. Accordingly, on behalf of the Debtors, I respectfully request that the relief sought

in the Consolidated Matrix Motion be approved.

C. 
Claims and Notice Agent Application

57. 
Pursuant to the Debtors’ Emergency Application for Entry of Order Authorizing

the Employment and Retention of Stretto, Inc. as Claims, Noticing, and Solicitation Agent Effective

as of the Petition Date (the “Claims and Notice Agent Application”), the Debtors requests entry

of an order (i) appointing Stretto, Inc. (“Stretto”) as the Claims, Noticing, and Solicitation Agent

for the Debtors and their Chapter 11 Cases, and (ii) granting related relief, the Claims and Notice

Agent Application is also supported by the Declaration of Sheryl Betance in Support of Debtors’

Emergency Application for Entry of an Order Authorizing the Employment and Retention of

Stretto, Inc. as Claims, Noticing, and Solicitation Agent Effective as of the Petition Date (the

“Betance Declaration”) attached as Exhibit B to the Claims and Notice Agent Application.

58. 
I believe that the Claims and Noticing Agent Application should be granted because

the Agent is required to effectuate the Debtors’ transition into bankruptcy and to immediately

begin providing effective notice of pleadings and orders to interested parties. Accordingly,

on behalf of the Debtors, I respectfully request that the relief sought in the Claims and Noticing

Agent Application be approved.

D. 
Schedules Motion

59. 
The Debtors request, pursuant to their Emergency Motion for an Order Extending

Time for Debtors to File Schedules and Statements of Financial Affairs (the “Schedules Motion”),

entry of an order (i) extending the deadline to file (a) schedules of assets and liabilities, (b)

24

=== page 25 ===
Case 25-90013-mxm11    Doc 29    Filed 10/22/25    Entered 10/22/25 15:56:40    Desc Main

Document      Page 25 of 35

statement of financial affairs, (c) schedules of current income and expenditures, and (d) statements

of executory contracts and unexpired leases (collectively, the “SOALs and SOFA”) by thirty (30)

days to file their SOALs and SOFA, thereby establishing a deadline of December 5, 2025 for the

filing of the SOALs and SOFA, and (ii) granting related relief.

60. 
Due to the multi-debtor filing and the significant number of first-day pleadings, the

Debtors require more time than the fourteen days provided by Bankruptcy Rule 1007(c) to prepare

their SOALs and SOFA. The Debtors estimate that the short extensions requested will provide

sufficient time to prepare and file the SOALs and SOFA. Consequently, the Debtors therefore

requests that the Court extend the deadline by which they must file their SOALs and SOFA by 30

days, without prejudice to the Debtors’ right to seek further extensions from this Court.

61. 
It is my understanding that after the Petition Date, it may take a couple of weeks

for the Debtors to close their prepetition books and for all prepetition invoices to be received by

the Debtors’ accounting department. I understand that the Debtors will have to extract all necessary

information from their books and records and populate such information in the official forms.

Additionally, the Debtors’ lean management team has thus far focused most immediately on the

Debtors’ efforts to smoothly transition into chapter 11 and, in light of the complexity of these

cases, it will take additional time to complete the process of preparing the SOALs and SOFAs.

62. 
Based upon the foregoing, I believe any delay in granting the relief requested in the

Schedules Motion would hinder the Debtors’ operations and cause immediate and irreparable

harm. Accordingly, on behalf of the Debtors, I respectfully request that the relief requested in the

Schedules Motion be granted.

25

=== page 26 ===
Case 25-90013-mxm11    Doc 29    Filed 10/22/25    Entered 10/22/25 15:56:40    Desc Main

Document      Page 26 of 35

E. 
Cash Management Motion

63. 
Pursuant to the Cash Management Motion, the Debtors seek entry of an order (i)

authorizing the Debtors to (a) continue utilizing their existing Cash Management System (as

defined in the Cash Management Motion) and maintain their existing bank accounts; (b) continue

using the Debtors’ existing business forms and checks; (c) maintain their Corporate Card Program;

and (d) continue to engage in intercompany transactions; (ii) waiving certain operating guidelines

(the “UST Guidelines”) established by the Office of the United States Trustee (“UST”), including

the requirement that the Debtors close all prepetition bank accounts and open new accounts

designated as debtor-in-possession accounts; and (iii) granting related relief.

64. 
Maintaining the Debtors’ Cash Management System in its current state is crucial to

the Debtors’ continued operations, given the volume of transactions processed through the Cash

Management System each day. Any disruption to the Cash Management System would

unnecessarily and significantly disrupt the Debtors’ operations and impede the successful

administration of their Chapter 11 Cases.

65. 
I believe that the relief requested in the Cash Management Motion is in the best

interests of the Debtors’ estates, their creditors, and all other parties in interest, and will enable the

Debtors to continue to operate their businesses in these Chapter 11 Cases with minimal disruption,

thereby benefiting all parties in interest. Accordingly, for the reasons set forth herein and in the

Cash Management Motion, on behalf of the Debtors, I respectfully submit that the relief requested

in the Cash Management Motion should be granted.

F. 
Wages Motion

66. 
The Debtors’ employees are a critical component to the Debtors’ continued

operations. To avoid certain immediate and irreparable harm to the Debtors’ business operations

26

=== page 27 ===
Case 25-90013-mxm11    Doc 29    Filed 10/22/25    Entered 10/22/25 15:56:40    Desc Main

Document      Page 27 of 35

and restructuring efforts that I believe would occur if the Debtors’ employees obligations are not

paid when due and the Debtors’ compensation and benefit programs are not continued in the

ordinary course of business, and to minimize personal hardship on the Debtors’ employees, the

Debtors seek, pursuant to their Emergency Motion for an Order Authorizing the Debtor to Pay

Prepetition Wages, Compensation, and Employee Benefits (the “Wage Motion”), entry of an order

(i) authorizing, but not requiring, the Debtors to (a) pay, in their sole discretion, wage, salary and

commission obligations, payroll taxes, and costs incident to the foregoing, and (b) maintain and

continue to honor their practices, programs, and policies for their employees as they were prior on

the Petition Date, and as they may be modified, amended, or supplemented from time to time in

the ordinary course of business, (ii) authorizing the Debtors’ bank and financial institutions to

receive, honor, process, and pay any and all checks or electronic funds transfers drawn on the

Debtors’ accounts in satisfaction of any such obligations, and (iii) granting related relief.

67. 
The Debtors’ Employees perform a wide variety of functions that support the

Debtors’ operations and will be critical to the administration of these chapter 11 cases and to

maximizing the value of the Debtors’ estates. Their skills, knowledge, and understanding of the

Debtors’ operations are essential to preserving operational stability and efficiency during these

chapter 11 cases. The Employees have developed strong relationships with their Dealer-Borrowers

and have a deep understanding of each Dealer-Borrower’s operations. Further, the Employees have

specialized industry knowledge and the ability to analyze data using the Debtors’ technology that

are necessary for operations. Without the continued, uninterrupted services of the Employees, the

Debtors’ business operations will suffer immediate and irreparable harm.

68. 
Moreover, the vast majority of the Debtors’ Employees rely exclusively on their

compensation and benefits from the Debtors to pay their daily living expenses and support their

27

=== page 28 ===
Case 25-90013-mxm11    Doc 29    Filed 10/22/25    Entered 10/22/25 15:56:40    Desc Main

Document      Page 28 of 35

families. Thus, the Employees will be exposed to significant personal financial hardship if the

Debtors are not permitted to continue paying their compensation and providing benefits in the

ordinary course. Consequently, the relief requested herein is necessary and appropriate.

G. 
Insurance Motion

69. 
Pursuant to the Insurance Motion, the Debtors seek entry of an order: (i) authorizing

the Debtors to (a) continue insurance coverage entered into prepetition and satisfy obligations

thereto in the ordinary course of business, and (b) renew, supplement, or purchase insurance

coverage in the Debtors’ discretion on a postpetition basis; (ii) modifying the automatic stay solely

with respect to workers’ compensation claims; and (iii) granting related relief. Maintaining the

Insurance Policies is essential to preservation of the value of the Debtors’ business, properties and

assets. In many cases, coverage provided by the Insurance Policies is required by regulations, laws,

and contracts that govern the Debtors’ commercial activities.

70. 
Accordingly, for the reasons set forth herein and expanded on in the Insurance

Motion, on behalf of the Debtors, I respectfully submit that the relief requested in the Insurance

Motion is in the best interests of the Debtors’ estates, their creditors, and all other parties in interest,

and will enable the Debtors to continue to operate their businesses in the Chapter 11 Cases with

minimal disruption, thereby maximizing value for the estates.

H. 
Tax Motion

71. 
Pursuant to the Tax Motion, the Debtors seek entry of an order: (i) authorizing the

Debtors to remit and pay (or use tax credits to offset) certain accrued and outstanding prepetition

taxes and fees that will become payable during the pendency of these chapter 11 cases in the

ordinary course of business and (ii) granting related relief. In addition, for the avoidance of doubt,

28

=== page 29 ===
Case 25-90013-mxm11    Doc 29    Filed 10/22/25    Entered 10/22/25 15:56:40    Desc Main

Document      Page 29 of 35

the Debtors seek authority to pay certain pre-petition and post-petition Taxes and Fees in the

ordinary course business. for the so-called “straddle” periods.

72. 
Accordingly, as expanded on in the Tax Motion, on behalf of the Debtors, I

respectfully submit that the relief requested in the Tax Motion is in the best interests of the Debtors’

estates, their creditors, and all other parties in interest, and will enable the Debtors to continue to

operate their businesses in the Chapter 11 Cases with minimal disruption, thereby maximizing

value for the estates.

I. 
Utilities Motion

73. 
Pursuant to the Utilities Motion, the Debtors seek entry of an order: (i) prohibiting

the Debtors’ utility companies from altering, refusing, or discontinuing services to the Debtors on

account of prepetition invoices, unless and until this Court issues an Order authorizing such action;

(ii) determining the Utilities are adequately assured of future performance; (iii) establishing

procedures the Debtors’ utility companies must follow in order to request additional Adequate

Assurance payments, and (iv) granting related relief.

74. 
The Debtors currently use telecommunications, waste management (including

sewer and trash), and internet (collectively, the “Utility Services”) from utility providers

(collectively, the “Utility Companies,” and individually, a “Utility Company”).

75. 
Uninterrupted utility services are critical to the Debtors’ ability to operate and

maintain the value of their business. The Debtors could not continue normal business operations

without utility service. Should any Utility Company refuse or discontinue service, even for a brief

period, the Debtors would more than likely be forced to cease operations. Such a cessation would

substantially disrupt operations and/or repairs and result in loss of revenues, which could

irreparably harm and jeopardize the reorganization efforts of the Debtors.

29

=== page 30 ===
Case 25-90013-mxm11    Doc 29    Filed 10/22/25    Entered 10/22/25 15:56:40    Desc Main

Document      Page 30 of 35

76. 
The Debtors have proposed to provide Utility Companies with Adequate Assurance

of payment for Utility Services and customary procedures for resolving any disputes. I understand

such procedures are routinely approved in this district and would request the Court approve the

Utilities Motion to ensure the Debtors maintain uninterrupted Utility Services.

J. 
Servicing Motion

77. 
Pursuant to the Servicing Motion, the Debtors seek an order: (i) authorizing the

Debtors to continue their Servicing Obligations to the Dealer-Borrowers, to third-parties they have

agreed to provide Servicing Obligations, and to the holders of Participations that contain Servicing

Obligations, (ii) approve the Loss Mitigation Settlement Procedures described and proposed

therein, and (iii) granting related relief.

78. 
On a monthly basis, and in the ordinary course of business, PCP performs a number

of servicing functions (the “Servicing Obligations”) including: (i) funding scheduled and

unscheduled Dealer-Borrower draws, (ii) receive scheduled and unscheduled payments, (iii)

collateral monitoring, (iv) corresponding with Dealer-Borrowers regarding the status of their loans,

and (v) calculating and collecting interest owed on the Dealer-Borrower, and (vi) the Loss

Mitigation and Workout Functions (as defined below). PCP primarily performs these Servicing

Obligations for its own benefit and the benefit of the affiliated Debtors, GFL and PRE. However,

in addition to providing Servicing Obligations for the Dealer-Borrowers, itself, and the affiliated

Debtors, PCP also provides Servicing Obligations for multiple third parties, including parties that

own parts of the Dealer-Borrower Loans either via syndications or participations.

79. 
In addition to the other Servicing Obligations, each of the Participations in PCP senior

secured revolving loans to Dealer-Borrowers owned by BVY2 has a component to them that prohibits

BVY2 from owning more than forty-nine and ninety-nine one-hundredths percent (49.99%) of any

30

=== page 31 ===
Case 25-90013-mxm11    Doc 29    Filed 10/22/25    Entered 10/22/25 15:56:40    Desc Main

Document      Page 31 of 35

Dealer-Borrower Loan, triggering a buy-back obligation in the event the amount BVY2 holds exceeds

that level (the “PCP Buy-Back Obligation”).3 Two term loan Participations owned by BVY2 do not

have such buy-back obligations.

80. 
As a subset of the Debtors’ Servicing Obligations, and in the ordinary course of their

businesses, the Debtors engage in certain settlement, negotiation, and when necessary, litigation

actions in relation to Dealer-Borrowers who are in default of their obligations to the Debtors under the

respective loan agreements and documents (the “Loss Mitigation and Workout Functions”). The Loss

Mitigation and Workout Functions include, but are not limited to the following: (i) negotiating

amendments or modifications to the Dealer-Borrower Loans, (ii) negotiating forbearances related to

the Debtors exercising their remedies under the loan agreements and documents, (iii) initiating

litigation against the Dealer-Borrowers and guarantors of the relative Dealer-Borrower Loans, (iv)

seeking the assistance of the courts, including applications for a court-appointed receiver, and (v)

pursuing other remedies under the loan documents including repossessing and liquidating the Debtors’

collateral (i.e., the Dealer-Borrowers’ assets, including the RISCs and vehicle inventory).

81. 
Consistent with their ordinary course business practices, the Debtors anticipate that

they will continue to have to perform certain Loss Mitigation and Workout Functions during the

pendency of these chapter 11 cases. Further, the Debtors have determined, in their business judgment,

that conducting the Loss Mitigation and Workout Functions is a necessary element of their chapter 11

cases, and is beneficial to the estate. Specifically, the Loss Mitigation and Workout Functions are a

crucial element in protecting the value of the Debtors’ collateral and ensuring the maximum amount

of collection of the Dealer-Borrower Loans, which are the Debtors’ primary asset.

3 The Prepetition CIBC Credit Facility expressly permits PCP to sell participations in the Dealer-Borrower Loans 
(which constitute the Prepetition First Lien PCP Lenders’ collateral), provided, however, in order for the senior secured 
Dealer-Borrower Loan to remain eligible and included in PCP’s borrowing base, the participations cannot be greater 
than fifty percent (50%) of the Dealer-Borrower Loan.

31

=== page 32 ===
Case 25-90013-mxm11    Doc 29    Filed 10/22/25    Entered 10/22/25 15:56:40    Desc Main

Document      Page 32 of 35

82. 
I believe the procedures proposed in the Servicing Motion are in the best interests of

the Debtors’ estates, their creditors, and other parties in interest in these chapter 11 cases. Accordingly,

I submit that the relief requested in the Servicing Motion should be approved.

K. 
DIP Motion

83. 
Access to financing during these Chapter 11 Cases is critical to the Debtors’

restructuring efforts and their ability to preserve and maintain business operations. The Debtors require

operating liquidity for payment of general operating expenses such as payroll, vendors, and other day-

to-day expenses. Further, access to financing ensures that the Debtors can honor their lending

obligations to their customers and continue providing support to the Dealer-Borrowers. The Debtors

lend money to approximately sixty Dealer-Borrowers to finance purchase of inventory and to provide

financing to consumers.  PCP’s Dealer-Borrower customers service approximately 30,000 consumer

RISCs on a daily basis. Inability to access the PCP DIP Facility and Cash Collateral will negatively

impact the Debtors’ ability to continue servicing its loans to the Dealer-Borrowers, and ultimately the

Dealer-Borrowers’ ability to collect and service their respective RISCs, thereby destroying value.

84. 
Court-approved access to Cash Collateral and new-money financing sends a strong

message to the Debtors’ customers, vendors, employees, and contract counterparties that operations

are funded, which will minimize the impact on the Debtors’ businesses.  Without access to Cash

Collateral and new-money financing, the Debtors will be unable to fund their lending obligations,

pay administrative expenses, and consummate a value maximizing transaction for stakeholders.

85. 
The Debtors are in need of immediate access to capital, including existing cash. FTI,

together with the Debtors’ other advisors, undertook a detailed analysis of the Debtors’ operations and

funding needs. The Debtors determined, in consultation with FTI and their other advisors, that they

would require access to additional operating capital to allow the Debtors to operate in chapter 11 as a

32

=== page 33 ===
Case 25-90013-mxm11    Doc 29    Filed 10/22/25    Entered 10/22/25 15:56:40    Desc Main

Document      Page 33 of 35

going concern as they work with their advisors and key stakeholders to achieve their restructuring

goals. Access to DIP Financing and the use of cash collateral is critical to ensure the Debtors’ smooth

entry into chapter 11. The commencement of these Chapter 11 Cases will place increased demands on

the Debtors’ liquidity due to, among other things, the costs of administering the Chapter 11 Cases. The

relief requested is necessary to avoid the immediate and irreparable harm that would otherwise result

if the Debtors are denied the proposed interim and final borrowings, including, among other things,

frustrating the Debtors’ ability to successfully navigate the Chapter 11 Cases.

86. 
The PCP DIP Lenders have agreed to provide the PCP DIP Facility on the terms set

forth in the PCP DIP Term Sheet and the Interim Order, which includes amounts being used in

accordance with the Approved Budget.

87. 
The proceeds of the PCP DIP Facility will be used for, inter alia, making payments that

are critical to the Debtors’ business operations, including funding and honoring the Debtors’ lending

obligations to their Dealer-Borrower clients, paying administrative expenses associated with these

Chapter 11 Cases, and satisfying working capital needs in the ordinary course of business. Moreover,

the liquidity to be provided under the DIP Facility, combined with access to existing Cash Collateral,

will enable the Debtors to (i) fund their operations during the course of these Chapter 11 Cases,

including chapter 11 administrative costs, (ii) ensure that value is preserved during the course of the

Debtors’ Chapter 11 Cases, and (iii) fund value maximizing transaction(s).

88. 
PCP will use the PCP Cash Collateral in conjunction with the proceeds of the PCP DIP

Facility to fund its lending obligations to Dealer-Borrower clients, pay PCP’s share of the

administrative expenses (including its share of the professional fees and the costs of these Chapter 11

Cases), and to fund the expenses unique to PCP.

33

=== page 34 ===
Case 25-90013-mxm11    Doc 29    Filed 10/22/25    Entered 10/22/25 15:56:40    Desc Main

Document      Page 34 of 35

89. 
GFL will use the GFL Cash Collateral to fund its lending obligations to Dealer-

Borrower clients under their warehouse lines of credit, pay GFL’s share of the administrative expenses

(including its share of the professional fees and the costs of these Chapter 11 Cases), and to fund the

expenses unique to GFL.

90. 
Considering the facts and circumstances, at this time, the proposed PCP DIP

Facility and the use of Cash Collateral provide the best financing available, will ensure the

continued viability of the Debtors, and allow the Debtors to continue their goal of effectuating

value-maximizing restructuring transactions for the benefit of their stakeholders.

91. 
Accordingly, the Debtors respectfully request that the relief requested in each of the

DIP Motion be granted because such relief is a critical element in stabilizing and facilitating the

Debtors’ operations during the pendency of the Chapter 11 Cases.

Conclusion

92. 
The above describes the Company’s business and capital structure, the factors

leading up to and that precipitated the commencement of these Chapter 11 Cases, and the critical

need for the Debtors to commence these Chapter 11 Cases. The above also describes the need for

First Day Motions which are critical in helping the Debtors’ ultimate goal in these Chapter 11

Cases is to stabilize their operations to effectuate the restructuring described herein.

[Remainder of page left intentionally blank.]

34

=== page 35 ===
Case 25-90013-mxm11    Doc 29    Filed 10/22/25    Entered 10/22/25 15:56:40    Desc Main
Document      Page 35 of 35

