=== page 1 ===
 
 
IN THE UNITED STATES BANKRUPTCY COURT 
FOR THE DISTRICT OF DELAWARE 
 
In re: 
 
WW INTERNATIONAL, INC., et al.,1 
 
Debtors. 
 
  
Chapter 11 
 
Case No. 25-[__] (   ) 
 
(Joint Administration Requested) 
DEBTORS’ MOTION FOR ENTRY OF AN ORDER (I) SCHEDULING COMBINED 
HEARING ON ADEQUACY OF THE DISCLOSURE STATEMENT AND 
CONFIRMATION OF THE PLAN; (II) FIXING DEADLINE TO OBJECT TO 
DISCLOSURE STATEMENT AND THE PLAN; (III) APPROVING PREPETITION 
SOLICITATION PROCEDURES AND FORM AND MANNER OF NOTICE OF 
COMMENCEMENT, COMBINED HEARING AND OBJECTION DEADLINE; 
(IV) APPROVING NOTICE AND OBJECTION PROCEDURES FOR THE 
ASSUMPTION OF EXECUTORY CONTRACTS AND UNEXPIRED LEASES; 
(V) CONDITIONALLY (A) DIRECTING THE UNITED STATES TRUSTEE NOT 
TO CONVENE SECTION 341(A) MEETING OF CREDITORS AND (B) WAIVING 
REQUIREMENT OF FILING STATEMENTS OF FINANCIAL AFFAIRS AND 
SCHEDULES OF ASSETS AND LIABILITIES AND RULE 2015.3 REPORTS; 
AND (VI) GRANTING RELATED RELIEF 
The debtors and debtors in possession (collectively, the “Debtors”) in the above-captioned 
chapter 11 cases (the “Chapter 11 Cases”) respectfully submit this motion (this “Motion”) for the 
entry of an order, substantially in the form attached as Exhibit A (the “Proposed Order”), pursuant 
to sections 105(d)(2)(B)(vi), 341, 1125, 1126 and 1128(a) of title 11 of the United States Code, 11 
U.S.C. §§ 101–1532 (the “Bankruptcy Code”), Rules 1007, 2002, 2003, 2015.3, 3016, 3017, 3018, 
3020(b)(1) and 9006(c)(1) of the Federal Rules of Bankruptcy Procedure (the “Bankruptcy Rules”) 
and Rules 1007-1, 2002-1, 3017-1, and 9006-1 of the Local Rules of the United States Bankruptcy 
Court for the District of Delaware (the “Local Rules”):   
 
1  
The Debtors in these Chapter 11 Cases, along with the last four digits of their federal tax identification numbers, 
to the extent applicable, are WW International, Inc. (0273), WW North America Holdings, LLC (6141), WW 
Canada Holdco, Inc. (5680), WW.com, LLC (4196), W Holdco, Inc. (4087), WW Health Solutions, Inc. (3859), 
Weekend Health, Inc. (6812), and WW NewCo, Inc. (N/A).  The Debtors’ headquarters is located at 675 Avenue 
of the Americas, 6th Floor, New York, NY 10010. 
Case 25-10829-CTG    Doc 16    Filed 05/06/25    Page 1 of 150

=== page 2 ===
 
 
2 
 
(a) 
scheduling a combined hearing (the “Combined Hearing”) on (i) the 
adequacy of the Disclosure Statement for the Joint Prepackaged Plan of 
Reorganization of WW International, Inc. and Its Debtor Affiliates, dated 
May 6, 2025 (as may be amended, supplemented or otherwise modified 
from time to time, the “Disclosure Statement”), and (ii) confirmation of the 
Joint Prepackaged Plan of Reorganization of WW International, Inc. and 
Its Debtor Affiliates, dated May 6, 2025 (as may be amended, supplemented 
or otherwise modified from time to time, the “Plan”);2 
(b) 
establishing the deadline (the “Objection Deadline”) to object to the 
adequacy of the Disclosure Statement and confirmation of the Plan;  
(c) 
approving the prepetition solicitation procedures regarding votes to accept 
or reject the Plan (the “Solicitation Procedures”), including the form of 
ballots (the “Ballots”), and (i) the form and manner of the notice of the 
commencement of these Chapter 11 Cases, the Combined Hearing and the 
Objection Deadline, the assumption of Executory Contracts and Unexpired 
Leases, the notice of non-voting status for non-voting claimants and the 
option for Holders of Claims and Interests to opt-in to certain releases 
contained in the Plan (the “Combined Notice”), and (ii) the form and 
manner of the notice to be sent to the Debtors’ approximately 4 million 
members (the “Member Notice”); 
(d) 
approving the notice and objection procedures, including the applicable 
objection deadline (the “Executory Contract Objection Deadline”), for the 
assumption of Executory Contracts and Unexpired Leases under the Plan 
(the “Executory Contract Procedures”); 
(e) 
conditionally (a) directing the Office of the United States Trustee for the 
District of Delaware (the “U.S. Trustee”) not to convene a meeting of 
creditors (the “Creditors’ Meeting”) under section 341(a) of the Bankruptcy 
Code, and (b) excusing the requirement that the Debtors file: (i) statements 
of financial affairs (“SOFAs”) and schedules of assets and liabilities 
(“Schedules”) and (ii) the periodic reports of financial information with 
respect to entities in which the Debtors’ estates hold a controlling or 
substantial interest pursuant to Bankruptcy Rule 2015.3 (the “Rule 2015.3 
Reports”); and 
(f) 
granting related relief.  
 
2  
Copies of the Disclosure Statement and Plan have been filed contemporaneously with this Motion.  Capitalized 
terms used but not otherwise herein defined shall have the meanings ascribed to such terms in the Plan or 
Disclosure Statement, as applicable. 
Case 25-10829-CTG    Doc 16    Filed 05/06/25    Page 2 of 150

=== page 3 ===
 
 
3 
 
In support of this Motion, the Debtors submit the Declaration of Felicia DellaFortuna in 
Support of Debtors’ Chapter 11 Petitions and First Day Pleadings (the “First Day Declaration”) 
filed contemporaneously herewith, and respectfully state as follows: 
JURISDICTION AND VENUE 
1. 
The United States Bankruptcy Court for the District of Delaware 
(the “Court”) has jurisdiction over this matter pursuant to 28 U.S.C. §§ 157 and 1334, and the 
Amended Standing Order of Reference from the United States District Court for the District of 
Delaware, dated as of February 29, 2012.  This matter is a core proceeding within the meaning of 
28 U.S.C. § 157(b), and the Debtors confirm their consent pursuant to Local Rule 9013-1(f) to the 
entry of a final order by the Court in connection with this Motion to the extent that it is later 
determined that the Court, absent consent of the parties, cannot enter final orders or judgments in 
connection herewith consistent with Article III of the United States Constitution.  Venue is proper 
in the Court pursuant to 28 U.S.C. §§ 1408 and 1409. 
2. 
The statutory and legal predicates for the relief requested herein are sections 
105(d)(2)(B)(vi), 341, 1125, 1126 and 1128(a) of the Bankruptcy Code, Bankruptcy Rules 1007, 
2002, 2003, 2015.3, 3016, 3017, 3018, 3020(b)(1) and 9006(c)(1) and Local Rules 1007-1, 2002-1, 
3017-1 and 9006-1. 
GENERAL BACKGROUND 
3. 
On the date hereof (the “Petition Date”), each of the Debtors filed voluntary 
petitions in the Court under chapter 11 of the Bankruptcy Code.  The Debtors are authorized to 
Case 25-10829-CTG    Doc 16    Filed 05/06/25    Page 3 of 150

=== page 4 ===
 
 
4 
 
operate their business and manage their properties as debtors in possession pursuant to sections 
1107(a) and 1108 of the Bankruptcy Code. 
4. 
No official committees have been appointed in these Chapter 11 Cases, and 
no request has been made for the appointment of a trustee or examiner. 
5. 
Additional information regarding the Debtors’ business, capital structure 
and the circumstances leading to the filing of these Chapter 11 Cases is set forth in the First Day 
Declaration. 
BACKGROUND REGARDING THE PLAN AND PREPETITION SOLICITATION 
6. 
On May 6, 2025, the Debtors executed a Restructuring Support Agreement 
(as may be amended, supplemented, or otherwise modified from time to time in accordance with 
its terms, and including all annexes, exhibits and schedules thereto, the “Restructuring Support 
Agreement”), with holders of more than 71% in the aggregate principal amount of the First Lien 
Credit Agreement Claims and holders of 74% in the aggregate principal amount of the Senior 
Secured Notes Claims (each as defined in the Restructuring Support Agreement and such creditors, 
the “Consenting Creditors”), pursuant to which the parties agreed, among other things, to support 
and vote in favor of the Plan.  The Restructuring Support Agreement sets forth the principal terms 
of the Restructuring Transactions and requires the Consenting Creditors to support the Plan.  
Concurrently with this Motion, the Debtors have filed the Plan and the Disclosure Statement.  As 
contemplated by the Restructuring Support Agreement, on May 6, 2025, prior to filing these 
Chapter 11 Cases, the Debtors commenced solicitation of votes on the Plan. 
7. 
Pursuant to the Plan, among other things, the treatment of holders of First 
Lien Claims and Existing Equity Interests shall be as follows:  
a. Holders of First Lien Claims will receive a combination of their pro rata 
share of (i) the New Takeback Debt, provided that the New Term Loan 
Creditors shall receive the New Term Loans and the New Notes Creditors 
Case 25-10829-CTG    Doc 16    Filed 05/06/25    Page 4 of 150

=== page 5 ===
 
 
5 
 
shall receive the New Notes; and (ii) subject to the proviso in the next 
sentence, 91% of the New Common Equity, subject to dilution by the MIP.  
Under the Bankruptcy Code, the Holders of First Lien Claims are entitled 
to 100% of the New Common Equity, but the Holders of the First Lien 
Claims, by entering into the Restructuring Support Agreement, have agreed 
to voluntarily reallocate 9% of the New Common Equity (pre-dilution from 
the MIP) to Holders of Existing Equity Interests (the “Initial Reallocation”); 
provided that, if the Milestones set forth in the Restructuring Support 
Agreement have not been met (other than as a result of the breach of the 
Restructuring Support Agreement by the Consenting Creditors), the 9% of 
New Common Equity (pre-dilution from the MIP) voluntarily reallocated 
to the Holders of the Existing Equity Interests shall be automatically 
forfeited to the Holders of First Lien Claims, who shall then receive 100% 
of the New Common Equity (pre-dilution from the MIP) on a pro rata basis 
on the Effective Date (the “Subsequent Reallocation”). 
b. Holders of Existing Equity Interests shall have all Existing Equity Interests 
cancelled, released, and extinguished and of no further force and effect and 
the Holders of Existing Equity Interests shall be voluntarily allocated 9% of 
the New Common Equity on a pro rata basis (pre-dilution from the MIP), 
from New Common Equity that the Holders of the First Lien Claims would 
otherwise be entitled to under the Bankruptcy Code pursuant to the Initial 
Reallocation;  provided that, if the Milestones set forth in the Restructuring 
Support Agreement have not been met (other than as a result of the breach 
of the Restructuring Support Agreement by the Consenting Creditors), the 
9% of New Common Equity voluntarily reallocated to the Holders of the 
Existing Equity Interests shall be automatically forfeited to the Holders of 
First Lien Claims, who shall then receive 100% of the New Common Equity 
(pre-dilution from the MIP) on a pro rata basis on the Effective Date, 
pursuant to the Subsequent Reallocation.  
8. 
In addition to the foregoing, the Plan shall provide as follows: 
• All Allowed Administrative Claims, Allowed Priority Tax Claims, and Allowed Other 
Priority Claims shall be paid in full in Cash or receive such other treatment that renders 
such Claims Unimpaired. 
• With the consent of the Required Consenting Creditors (not to be unreasonably 
withheld), all Allowed Other Secured Claims shall be paid in full in Cash or receive 
such other treatment that renders such Claims Unimpaired 
• All outstanding and undisputed General Unsecured Claims will be Unimpaired by the 
Plan unless otherwise agreed to by the Debtors and the Holder of such General 
Unsecured Claim with the consent of the Required Consenting Creditors (not to be 
unreasonably withheld). 
Case 25-10829-CTG    Doc 16    Filed 05/06/25    Page 5 of 150

=== page 6 ===
 
 
6 
 
• Each Intercompany Claim and each Intercompany Interest, at the option of the Debtors, 
with the consent of the Required Consenting Creditors (not to be unreasonably 
withheld), shall be (i) Unimpaired and Reinstated or (ii) Impaired and canceled and 
released without any distribution. 
RELIEF REQUESTED 
9. 
By this Motion, the Debtors seek entry of the Proposed Order: 
(a) scheduling the Combined Hearing on (i) the adequacy of the Disclosure Statement and 
(ii) confirmation of the Plan; (b) establishing the Objection Deadline for the adequacy of the 
Disclosure Statement and confirmation of the Plan; (c) approving the Solicitation Procedures, 
including, among other things, the form of Ballots and the form and manner of the notice of the 
commencement of these Chapter 11 Cases and the Combined Hearing, the Combined Notice, the 
Member Notice, and the New Notes Election & Distribution Procedures Notice; (d) approving the 
Executory Contract Procedures, including the Executory Contract Objection Deadline; 
(e) conditionally (i) directing the U.S. Trustee not to convene the Creditors’ Meeting and 
(ii) excusing the requirement that the Debtors file SOFAs and Schedules and Rule 2015.3 Reports; 
and (f) granting related relief. 
10. 
The following table highlights the proposed key dates and deadlines 
relevant to the Solicitation Procedures and sets forth the Debtors’ proposed dates for the mailing 
of the Combined Notice, the Objection Deadline, and the Combined Hearing (collectively, 
the “Proposed Confirmation Schedule”): 
Event 
Date/Deadline 
Voting Record Date 
April 30, 2025 
Commencement of Solicitation 
May 6, 2025 
Petition Date 
May 6, 2025 
Combined Hearing Notice, Notices of 
Non-Voting Status, Member Notice 
Within three (3) business days, or as soon as 
reasonably practicable, after entry of the 
Proposed Order 
Case 25-10829-CTG    Doc 16    Filed 05/06/25    Page 6 of 150

=== page 7 ===
 
 
7 
 
Executory Contract Objection Deadline 
May 23, 2025 at 4:00 p.m.  
(prevailing Eastern Time) 
Plan Supplement Filing Deadline 
May 30, 2025 at 11:59 p.m.  
(prevailing Eastern Time) 
First Lien Credit Agreement New Notes 
Election Record Date  
June 3, 2025 
New Notes Election Period Commencement 
Date 
June 4, 2025, prior to 10:00 a.m.  
(prevailing Eastern Time) 
Plan/Disclosure Statement Objection 
Deadline 
June 6, 2025, at 4:00 p.m.  
(prevailing Eastern Time) 
Voting Deadline 
June 6, 2025, at 5:00 p.m.  
(prevailing Eastern Time) 
Deadline to File Proposed Confirmation 
Order 
June 12, 2025, at 12:00 p.m. (prevailing 
Eastern Time), or two (2) business days prior 
to the Combined Hearing 
Deadline to File Brief in Support of 
Confirmation, 
Including 
Plan/Disclosure 
Statement Replies (including, to the extent 
applicable, 
replies 
to 
any 
Assumption 
Objections) 
June 12, 2025, at 12:00 p.m. (prevailing 
Eastern Time), or two (2) business days prior 
to the Combined Hearing 
Combined Hearing 
June 16, 2025, at a time to be determined, 
subject to Court availability 
New Notes Election Deadline 
June 17, 2025, at 5:00 p.m.  
(prevailing Eastern Time) 
 
11. 
For ease of reference, the following table summarizes the attachments and 
exhibits cited in this Motion: 
Pleading 
Exhibit 
Proposed Order 
Exhibit A to this Motion 
Proposed Combined Notice 
Exhibit 1 to the Proposed Order 
Proposed Member Notice 
Exhibit 2 to the Proposed Order 
Proposed Publication Notice 
Exhibit 3 to the Proposed Order 
Ballots 
- 
Form of Class 3 General Ballot – First 
Lien Claims 
- 
Form of Class 3 Beneficial Holder 
Ballot 
- 
Form of Class 3 Master Ballot 
 
Exhibit B-1 to this Motion 
 
Exhibit B-2 to this Motion 
 
Exhibit B-3 to this Motion 
New Notes Election & Distribution 
Procedures Notice 
Exhibit C to this Motion 
Case 25-10829-CTG    Doc 16    Filed 05/06/25    Page 7 of 150

=== page 8 ===
 
 
8 
 
 
BASIS FOR RELIEF REQUESTED 
A. 
SCHEDULING A COMBINED HEARING 
12. 
The Debtors seek a Combined Hearing to consider approval of the 
Disclosure Statement and confirmation of the Plan to be held, subject to the Court’s calendar, on 
June 16, 2025. This request is consistent with the practice for prepackaged cases in this District 
and applicable statutes and rules and will facilitate an expeditious reorganization on a schedule 
consistent with the dates contemplated by the Restructuring Support Agreement.  The Debtors 
further request that the Proposed Order provide that the Combined Hearing may be adjourned from 
time to time without further notice other than adjournments announced in open court or in the 
filing of a notice or hearing agenda in these Chapter 11 Cases, with notice of such adjourned date(s) 
to be made available on the electronic case filing docket and the website maintained by Kroll 
Restructuring 
Administration 
LLC 
(“Kroll” 
or 
the “Solicitation 
Agent”)3 
at 
https://restructuring.ra.kroll.com/WeightWatchers/. 
13. 
Bankruptcy Rule 3017(a) requires that creditors and other parties in interest 
receive twenty-eight (28) days’ notice of the hearing to consider a proposed disclosure statement, 
and, additionally, Bankruptcy Rule 2002(b) requires that creditors and other parties in interest have 
twenty-eight (28) days’ notice of the time fixed for filing objections to approval of a disclosure 
statement or confirmation of a plan of reorganization, subject to the Court’s discretion to shorten 
such period under Bankruptcy Rule 9006(c)(1).  However, Local Rule 3017-1(a) expands upon the 
notice period provided by the Bankruptcy Rules, and requires thirty-five (35) days’ notice of the 
hearing to consider a proposed disclosure statement.  See Del. Bankr. L.R. 3017-1(a).  Section 
 
3  
Contemporaneously herewith, the Debtors filed the Debtors’ Application for Appointment of Kroll Restructuring 
Administration LLC as Claims and Noticing Agent.  The Debtors also anticipate filing a separate retention 
application for the employment of the Solicitation Agent as administrative advisor for the Debtors. 
Case 25-10829-CTG    Doc 16    Filed 05/06/25    Page 8 of 150

=== page 9 ===
 
 
9 
 
1128(a) of the Bankruptcy Code provides, “[a]fter notice, the court shall hold a hearing on 
confirmation of a plan.”  In addition, Bankruptcy Rule 3017(c) provides, “[o]n or before approval 
of the disclosure statement, the court shall fix a time within which the holders of claims and 
interests may accept or reject the plan and may fix a date for the hearing on confirmation.”  Section 
105(d)(2)(B)(vi) of the Bankruptcy Code provides that the Court may combine the hearing on 
approval of a disclosure statement with the hearing on confirmation of the related plan.  11 U.S.C. 
§ 105(d)(2)(B)(vi). 
14. 
Prior to the filing of these Chapter 11 Cases, the Debtors accomplished the 
time-consuming and difficult task required to effectuate a successful reorganization—the 
negotiation of a consensual restructuring transaction and execution of the Restructuring Support 
Agreement with the Consenting Creditors.  Likewise, the Debtors have already negotiated, 
formulated, and commenced the solicitation of the Plan.  As set forth in the Restructuring Support 
Agreement, the Consenting Creditors are bound to vote to accept the Plan, which votes will satisfy 
the requirements necessary for confirmation of the Plan.  Accordingly, a Combined Hearing in 
these Chapter 11 Cases will promote judicial economy and will allow the Debtors to expeditiously 
effectuate their consensual restructuring and maximize value. 
15. 
Emerging from these Chapter 11 Cases on the schedule set forth above will 
maximize the value of the Debtors’ estates for the benefit of all stakeholders.  As described in the 
First Day Declaration, the Debtors operate in a competitive industry, and every day in chapter 11 
can negatively impact their business, including by driving their Members to competitors.  Any 
adverse effects of these Chapter 11 Cases upon the Debtors’ business and going-concern value 
will be minimized, and the benefit to creditors and other stakeholders maximized, through the 
effectuation of the Restructuring Transactions, including the prompt distributions pursuant to the 
Case 25-10829-CTG    Doc 16    Filed 05/06/25    Page 9 of 150

=== page 10 ===
 
 
10 
 
terms of the Plan.  Likewise, an expeditious restructuring will serve to minimize administrative 
expenses attendant to these Chapter 11 Cases.  Such benefits are the hallmarks of a prepackaged 
plan of reorganization.  In addition to the reasons set forth above, it is appropriate to enter the 
Proposed Order at this time so that parties in interest may be informed as promptly as possible of 
the anticipated schedule of events for confirmation of the Plan. 
16. 
The proposed schedule is rule-compliant and affords creditors, equity 
interest holders, and all other parties in interest ample notice of these Chapter 11 Cases and the 
Combined Hearing.  Specifically, the proposed schedule affords at least twenty-eight (28) days’ 
notice of the Objection Deadline and thirty-five (35) days’ notice of the Combined Hearing.  As a 
result, parties will have sufficient time to evaluate their rights in respect of the Plan prior to the 
proposed Combined Hearing and, therefore, no party in interest will be prejudiced by the requested 
relief.   
17. 
Accordingly, the Debtors respectfully request entry of the Proposed Order, 
pursuant to section 105(d)(2)(B)(vi) of the Bankruptcy Code, setting June 16, 2025, as the date for 
the Combined Hearing, subject to the Court’s availability. 
B. 
APPROVAL OF THE DISCLOSURE STATEMENT 
18. 
At the Combined Hearing, the Debtors will seek approval of the Disclosure 
Statement.  Under section 1125(a) of the Bankruptcy Code, a plan proponent must provide holders 
of impaired claims and interests with “adequate information” regarding a debtor’s proposed plan 
of reorganization, which is defined as: 
information of a kind, and in sufficient detail, as far as is reasonably 
practicable in light of the nature and history of the debtor and the 
condition of the debtor’s books and records, including a discussion 
of the potential material Federal tax consequences of the plan to the 
debtor, any successor to the debtor, and a hypothetical investor 
typical of the holders of claims or interests in the case, that would 
Case 25-10829-CTG    Doc 16    Filed 05/06/25    Page 10 of 150

=== page 11 ===
 
 
11 
 
enable such hypothetical investor of the relevant class to make an 
informed judgment about the plan. 
 
11 U.S.C. § 1125(a)(1). 
19. 
Whether a disclosure statement contains adequate information is intended 
by Congress to be a flexible, fact-specific inquiry left within the discretion of the bankruptcy court: 
Precisely what constitutes adequate information in any particular 
instance will develop on a case-by-case basis.  Courts will take a 
practical approach as to what is necessary under the circumstances 
of each case, such as the cost of preparation of the statements, the 
need for relative speed in solicitation and confirmation, and, of 
course, the need for investor protection.  There will be a balancing 
of interests in each case.  In reorganization cases, there is frequently 
great uncertainty.  Therefore the need for flexibility is greatest. 
 
H.R. REP. NO.95-595, at 409 (1977), reprinted in 1978 U.S.C.C.A.N. 5963, 6365.  See also Oneida 
Motor Freight, Inc. v. United Jersey Bank, 848 F.2d 414, 417 (3d Cir. 1988) (observing that 
“adequate information will be determined by the facts and circumstances of each case”); Tex. 
Extrusion Corp. v. Lockheed Corp. (In re Tex. Extrusion Corp.), 844 F.2d 1142, 1157 (5th Cir. 
1988) (opining that what constitutes adequate information is “subjective,” “made on a case by case 
basis,” and “largely in the discretion of the bankruptcy court”). 
20. 
The Disclosure Statement is extensive and comprehensive.  It contains 
descriptions of, among other things: (i) the Plan; (ii) the operation of the Debtors’ business; (iii) the 
reasons for, and circumstances leading up to, the restructuring; (iv) the Debtors’ prepetition 
indebtedness; (v) the proposed capital structure of the Reorganized Debtors; (vi) financial 
information relevant to creditors’ determinations of whether to accept or reject the Plan; 
(vii) securities law matters relevant to the restructuring; (viii) a liquidation analysis setting forth 
the estimated return that Holders of Claims and Interests would receive in a hypothetical chapter 
Case 25-10829-CTG    Doc 16    Filed 05/06/25    Page 11 of 150

=== page 12 ===
 
 
12 
 
7 liquidation; (ix) risk factors regarding the Debtors and the Plan; and (x) federal tax law 
consequences of the Plan. 
21. 
Based on the foregoing, the Debtors will request at the Combined Hearing 
that the Court approve the Disclosure Statement as meeting the requirements for “adequate 
information” under section 1125(a) of the Bankruptcy Code. 
C. 
APPROVAL OF THE SOLICITATION PROCEDURES AND FORMS OF 
SOLICITATION MATERIALS 
22. 
The Debtors also request that the Court approve the Solicitation Procedures, 
including the solicitation, balloting, tabulation, and related activities undertaken in connection with 
the Plan.  As set forth below, the Debtors submit that the Solicitation Procedures comply with the 
various applicable provisions of the Bankruptcy Code, the Bankruptcy Rules, and the Local Rules 
and should be approved.   
1) 
NON-SOLICITATION OF CLASSES PRESUMED TO ACCEPT OR 
DEEMED TO REJECT THE PLAN 
23. 
Pursuant to section 1126(f) of the Bankruptcy Code, each holder of a claim 
or interest in an unimpaired class is “conclusively presumed to have accepted the plan, and 
solicitation of acceptances with respect to such class . . . is not required.”  11 U.S.C. § 1126(f).  
Section 1126(g) of the Bankruptcy Code provides that “a class is deemed not to have accepted a 
plan if such plan provides that the claims or interests of such class do not entitle the holders of 
such claims or interests to receive or retain any property under the Plan on account of such claims 
or interests.”  11 U.S.C. § 1126(g).   
24. 
Under the terms of the Plan, the following Classes of Claims against, or 
Interests in, the Debtors are presumed to accept or deemed to reject the Plan (collectively, 
the “Non-Voting Holders”):  Class 1 (Other Secured Claims), Class 2 (Other Priority Claims), 
Class 4 (General Unsecured Claims), Class 5 (Intercompany Claims), Class 6 (Intercompany 
Case 25-10829-CTG    Doc 16    Filed 05/06/25    Page 12 of 150

=== page 13 ===
 
 
13 
 
Interests); and Class 7 (Existing Equity Interests).  As a result, the Debtors did not solicit votes 
from the Non-Voting Holders. 
25. 
The Debtors are requesting a waiver of the requirement that they mail copies 
of the Plan and Disclosure Statement to Non-Voting Holders.  See Fed. R. Bankr. P. 3017(d) 
(requiring transmission of court-approved disclosure statement to, inter alia, classes of unimpaired 
creditors and equity security holders).  The Debtors submit that Bankruptcy Rule 3017(d) does not 
apply here because the Debtors solicited acceptances and rejections of the Plan on a prepetition 
basis, and, thus, there is no disclosure statement that was “approved by the court” to transmit.  
Alternatively, the Court should order that the Debtors are not required to provide copies of the 
Plan and Disclosure Statement to Non-Voting Holders as it would be an expensive and 
unnecessary administrative burden on the Debtors to transmit such materials to the Non-Voting 
Holders. 
26. 
In lieu of furnishing each of the Non-Voting Holders with a copy of the Plan 
and Disclosure Statement, the Debtors propose to send to such Non-Voting Holders the Combined 
Notice, annexed hereto as Exhibit 1, which sets forth, among other things, a summary of the Plan 
and the treatment of such Non-Voting Holders’ Claims or Interests, as well as how a copy of the 
Plan and the Disclosure Statement may be obtained.  The Debtors have made the Combined Notice, 
the Disclosure Statement and the Plan available at no cost on the Solicitation Agent’s website at 
https://restructuring.ra.kroll.com/WeightWatchers/.  Additionally, for the Non-Voting Holders, 
the Combined Notice will also explain the effects of the releases contained in the Plan, instruct the 
Case 25-10829-CTG    Doc 16    Filed 05/06/25    Page 13 of 150

=== page 14 ===
 
 
14 
 
Non-Voting Holders on how to opt in to such releases should they choose to do so, and include a 
form to opt-in to such releases (the “Opt-In Form”).  
27. 
Furthermore, specifically with respect to the approximately 4 million 
individuals who have active memberships, or have had active memberships in the last twelve 
months with the Debtors (the “Members”), who are Unimpaired and presumed to accept the Plan 
(to the extent such Members have a Claim against the Debtors), the Debtors propose to send such 
Non-Voting Holders the Member Notice, attached hereto as Exhibit 2, at the physical or email 
address maintained in the Debtors’ books and records.  The Member Notice sets forth, among other 
things, the Members’ treatment under the Plan, the deadline to object to the adequacy of the 
Disclosure Statement on a final basis and confirmation of the Plan, the date, time, and place of the 
Combined Hearing, and informs the Members about the releases set forth in Article XI of the Plan.  
The Member Notice will also be available on the Solicitation Agent’s website at 
https://restructuring.ra.kroll.com/WeightWatchers/. 
28. 
The Solicitation Procedures undertaken by the Debtors and described herein 
with respect to the Non-Voting Holders, including the Members, comply with the Bankruptcy 
Code and Bankruptcy Rules and should be approved.  Accordingly, the Debtors respectfully 
request that the Court approve the Solicitation Procedures with respect to these Classes and parties. 
2) 
SOLICITATION OF IMPAIRED CLASSES ENTITLED TO VOTE TO 
ACCEPT OR REJECT THE PLAN 
29. 
Only Holders of First Lien Claims in Class 3 (the “Voting Class”) are 
entitled to vote to accept or reject the Plan. 
30. 
On May 6, 2025, prior to the filing of these Chapter 11 Cases, the Debtors 
commenced soliciting votes on the Plan from members of the Voting Class in accordance with the 
Solicitation Procedures described herein, the Bankruptcy Code, Bankruptcy Rules, and the Local 
Case 25-10829-CTG    Doc 16    Filed 05/06/25    Page 14 of 150

=== page 15 ===
 
 
15 
 
Rules by causing copies of the solicitation package (the “Solicitation Package”) to be distributed 
to members of the Voting Class by email and/or overnight mail.  The Solicitation Package included 
copies of the Disclosure Statement and the exhibits thereto, including the Plan and applicable 
Ballot for each Holder of a Claim in a Voting Class.  As a cost-saving measure, in instances where 
the Debtors served the Solicitation Package via hard copy, the Plan and Disclosure Statement were 
included on a flash drive and could be accessed electronically by members in the Voting Class. 
31. 
The Solicitation Package advised recipients, among other things, of the June 
6, 2025 deadline to vote on the Plan (the “Voting Deadline”).  The Solicitation Package further 
advised recipients that Ballots must be properly executed, completed, and returned to the 
Solicitation Agent in the manner specified on the Ballots prior to the Voting Deadline.  Each Ballot 
also contained detailed instructions on how to complete it, including how to cast a vote to accept 
or reject the Plan, and specified that Ballots must be returned either online through the Solicitation 
Agent’s E-Balloting Portal, via overnight courier using the enclosed pre-addressed, postage 
prepaid return envelope or via personal delivery to the address specified on the Ballot. 
32. 
As previewed above, in addition to accepting hard copy Ballots and Opt-In 
Forms via first class mail, overnight courier, and hand delivery, the Debtors request authorization 
to accept Ballots and Opt-In Forms via electronic, online transmissions, solely through a 
customized online balloting portal maintained by the Solicitation Agent on the Debtors’ case 
website (the “E-Ballot Portal”).  Parties entitled to vote or opt-in may cast an electronic Ballot or 
Opt-In Form and electronically sign and submit a Ballot or Opt-In Form instantly by utilizing the 
E-Ballot Portal (which allows a Holder to submit an electronic signature).  Instructions for 
electronic, online transmission of Ballots and Opt-In Forms through the E-Ballot Portal are set 
forth on the forms of the Ballot and Opt-In Form.  The encrypted ballot data and audit trail created 
Case 25-10829-CTG    Doc 16    Filed 05/06/25    Page 15 of 150

=== page 16 ===
 
 
16 
 
by such electronic submission shall become part of the record of any Ballot or Opt-In Form 
submitted in this manner and the creditor’s electronic signature will be deemed to be immediately 
legally valid and effective.  The E-Ballot Portal shall be the sole method by which a creditor may 
submit a Ballot or Opt-In Form electronically, provided that Master Ballots (as defined below) and 
“pre-validated” Beneficial Ballots (as defined below) may be submitted via email to 
WeightWatchersBallots@ra.kroll.com.  For the avoidance of doubt, holders of Existing Equity 
Interests who hold their equity positions through a bank, broker, or other financial institution 
(a “Nominee”) in “street name” at The Depository Trust Company (“DTC”) cannot submit their 
Opt-In Form through the E-Ballot Portal, and must click on the Public Equity Opt-In link on the 
left-hand navigation panel of the Solicitation Agent’s website to submit an electronic copy of their 
Opt-In Form. 
3) 
FORM OF BALLOTS 
33. 
Bankruptcy Rule 3017(d) requires that the Debtors use a form of ballot 
substantially conforming to Official Form No. 314.  Bankruptcy Rule 3018(c) provides that “[a]n 
acceptance or rejection shall be in writing, identify the plan or plans accepted or rejected, be signed 
by the creditor or equity security holder or an authorized agent, and conform to the appropriate 
Official Form.”  The Ballots, copies of which are annexed as Exhibit B-1, Exhibit B-2, and 
Exhibit B-3 to this Motion, are based on Official Form No. 314, but modified to address the 
particular aspects of these Chapter 11 Cases and the Plan and to be relevant and appropriate for 
each member of the Voting Class.  As set forth herein, all Holders of Claims entitled to vote on 
Case 25-10829-CTG    Doc 16    Filed 05/06/25    Page 16 of 150

=== page 17 ===
 
 
17 
 
the Plan were transmitted Ballots.  The Debtors respectfully submit that the forms of Ballots 
comply with the Bankruptcy Rules and, therefore, should be approved. 
4) 
VOTING TABULATION 
34. 
The Debtors’ procedures and standard assumptions for tabulating Ballots, 
Master Ballots, and Beneficial Ballots include: 
Votes Not Counted 
• any Ballot that is illegible or contains insufficient information to 
permit the identification of the Holder of the Claim or Interest; 
• any Ballot that is not actually received by the Solicitation Agent 
by the Voting Deadline (unless the Debtors determined 
otherwise or as permitted by the Court); 
• any Ballot that does not contain a signature (provided that, 
signatures contained in electronic Ballots submitted via the 
Debtors’ E-Balloting Portal and Master Ballots and “pre-
validated” Beneficial Ballots submitted by electronic mail will 
be deemed to be immediately legally effective); 
• any Ballot that partially rejects and partially accepts the Plan; 
• any Ballot not marked to accept or reject the Plan or marked both 
to accept and reject the Plan; 
• any Ballot superseded by a later, timely submitted valid Ballot; 
• any improperly submitted Ballot, or any form of ballot other than 
the official form of Ballot sent by the Solicitation Agent (unless 
the Debtors determined otherwise or as permitted by the Court); 
• any Ballot that was cast by a person or entity that does not hold 
a Claim in a Class that is entitled to vote on the Plan; and 
• any Ballot submitted by fax or electronic mail unless approved 
by the Debtors in writing or otherwise ordered by the Court.  For 
the avoidance of doubt, Master Ballots and “pre-validated” 
Beneficial 
Ballots 
may 
be 
submitted 
via 
email 
to 
WeightWatchersBallots@ra.kroll.com. 
No Vote Splitting 
• Holders were required to vote all of their Claims or Interests 
within a particular Class either to accept or reject the Plan and 
were not permitted to split any votes.  While the Plan is a 
separate plan with respect to each Debtor, each vote to accept or 
Case 25-10829-CTG    Doc 16    Filed 05/06/25    Page 17 of 150

=== page 18 ===
 
 
18 
 
reject the Plan will be counted as a vote to accept or reject the 
Plan with respect to each Debtor. 
Master Ballots 
• Votes cast by Holders of Claims through a broker, dealer, 
commercial bank, trust company, savings and loan, financial 
institution, mailing agent or other such party in whose name a 
party’s beneficial ownership in the First Lien Claims were 
registered or held on behalf of, in each case, as of the Voting 
Record Date (a “Nominee”, and such ballots used by the 
Nominee, the “Master Ballot”) will be applied to applicable 
positions held by such Nominees as of the Voting Record Date, 
as evidenced by the record and depository listings.  If conflicting 
votes or “over-votes” are submitted by a Nominee, the 
Solicitation Agent will use reasonable efforts to reconcile 
discrepancies with the applicable Nominee. 
• If “over-votes” are submitted by a Nominee that are not 
reconciled prior to the preparation of the certification of vote 
results, the votes to accept and to reject the Plan will be 
approved in the same proportion as the votes to accept and to 
reject the Plan submitted by such Nominee, but only to the 
extent of the Nominee’s Voting Record Date position in the 
applicable securities based on the securities position report 
provided by the Depository Trust Company (“DTC”). 
• Each 
Beneficial 
Holder 
that 
will 
receive 
a 
ballot 
(the “Beneficial Ballots”) will be deemed to have voted only the 
principal amount of its public securities; any principal amounts 
thus voted may be thereafter adjusted by the Solicitation Agent 
on a proportionate basis, with a view to the amount of securities 
actually voted, as to reflect the corresponding claim amount, 
including any accrued but unpaid prepetition interest with 
respect to the securities voted. 
• If a Nominee delivers multiple Master Ballots to the Solicitation 
Agent on account of the same Claims, the last properly 
executed, valid, timely received Master Ballot will supersede 
and revoke any earlier received Master Ballot. 
Retention of Ballots 
• The Solicitation Agent is required to retain all paper copies of 
Ballots and all solicitation-related correspondence for one (1) 
year following the Effective Date, whereupon the Solicitation 
Agent is authorized to destroy and/or otherwise dispose of all 
paper copies of Ballots, printed solicitation materials including 
unused copies of the Solicitation Package and all solicitation-
related correspondence (including undeliverable mail), in each 
Case 25-10829-CTG    Doc 16    Filed 05/06/25    Page 18 of 150

=== page 19 ===
 
 
19 
 
case unless otherwise directed by the Debtors or the clerk of the 
Court in writing within such one (1) year period. 
• Nominees were directed, and, pursuant to Master Ballot 
Certifications, have agreed, to maintain the Beneficial Ballots 
returned by their Beneficial Holders (whether properly 
completed or defective) for at least one year after the Voting 
Deadline and to provide copies of such Beneficial Ballots to the 
Bankruptcy Court or the Debtors if so ordered. 
Establishing Claim 
Amounts 
• Claim amounts for voting purposes as to votes cast by Beneficial 
Holders of the Debtors’ public securities were as evidenced in 
the records of the applicable indenture trustee and/or securities 
depository and applied to applicable positions held by the 
relevant Nominee as of the Voting Record Date, as evidenced 
by the record and depository listings of the applicable securities 
depository. 
• With respect to First Lien Credit Agreement Claims, the amount 
of First Lien Credit Agreement Claims for voting purposes only 
was established based on the amounts of the applicable term 
loan positions held by each first lien claimant, as of the Voting 
Record Date, as evidenced by the applicable books and records 
maintained by the administrative agent, which were provided to 
the Debtors or the Solicitation Agent in electronic Microsoft 
Excel format no later than one Business Day following the 
Voting Record Date. 
35. 
The Debtors also reserve the right to reject any and all Ballots not in proper 
form, the acceptance of which would, in the opinion of the Debtors or their counsel, be improper 
or unlawful.  The Debtors further reserve the right to allow for the cure of any defects or 
irregularities or conditions of delivery as to any Ballot.  The interpretation of all balloting rules 
and procedures (including the Ballot and the respective instructions thereto) by the Solicitation 
Agent and the Debtors, unless otherwise directed by the Court, are final and binding on all parties.  
Any defects or irregularities in connection with deliveries of Ballots must have been cured within 
such time as the Debtors (or the Court) determined.  To assist in the solicitation process, the 
Debtors request that the Court grant the Solicitation Agent the authority to contact parties who 
Case 25-10829-CTG    Doc 16    Filed 05/06/25    Page 19 of 150

=== page 20 ===
 
 
20 
 
submit a defective Ballot to make a reasonable effort to cure such deficiencies, provided that, 
neither the Debtors nor Solicitation Agent are required to contact such parties to provide 
notification of defects or irregularities with respect to completion or delivery of Ballots, nor will 
any of them incur any liability for failure to provide such notification.  The Debtors also request 
that the Court give authorization to the Debtors and/or their Solicitation Agent, as applicable, to 
determine all questions as to the validity, form, eligibility (including time of receipt), acceptance, 
and revocation or withdrawals of defective Ballots, which determination will be final and binding.  
Unless otherwise directed by the Court, delivery of such Ballots will be not deemed to have been 
made until such irregularities were cured.  Ballots previously furnished, and as to which any 
irregularities were not theretofore cured, will be invalidated. 
36. 
The Debtors believe that the procedures set forth above for tabulating votes 
for the Plan are consistent with section 1126(c) of the Bankruptcy Code and Bankruptcy Rules 
3018(a).  These tabulation procedures are also consistent with those previously used in cases in 
this district. 
37. 
The Debtors directed the Nominees to immediately distribute to their 
Beneficial Holder clients (or to make available through their customary methods) the Beneficial 
Ballot and Solicitation Package and to compile the votes and relevant information of each 
Beneficial Holder returning a properly executed vote (whether on a Beneficial Ballot or otherwise 
according to the Nominee’s customary methods for collecting votes, such as via e-mail, telephone, 
file-sharing site, voter information form, or other accepted methods in lieu of forwarding a paper 
copy Beneficial Ballot) on a Master Ballot and to submit such Master Ballot to the Solicitation 
Agent by the Voting Deadline.  As applicable, as an alternative to submitting a Master Ballot, 
Nominees are authorized to “pre-validate” the Beneficial Ballot and forward it with the Solicitation 
Case 25-10829-CTG    Doc 16    Filed 05/06/25    Page 20 of 150

=== page 21 ===
 
 
21 
 
Package to the Beneficial Holder with instructions to submit the pre-validated Beneficial Ballot 
directly to the Solicitation Agent.  Nominees will be directed to maintain a list of the Beneficial 
Holders to whom “pre-validated” Beneficial Ballots were delivered for inspection for at least one 
year from the Effective Date.  Beneficial Holders will be instructed to follow the voting 
instructions of their Nominee and to abide by the submission deadlines set by their Nominee so as 
to allot sufficient time for their Nominee to process votes and/or opt-ins received and forward such 
votes and/or opt-ins to the Solicitation Agent by the Voting Deadline. 
38. 
With respect to those Ballots applicable to Holders of the Senior Secured 
Notes in Class 3 and the Opt-In Forms applicable to Holders of Existing Equity Interests in Class 
7, the Debtors authorize the Nominees to use their customary means of transmitting materials, 
including via e-mail, file-sharing platform, voter information form, or other accepted methods, to 
transmit the contents of the Solicitation Packages (or a summary thereof) or Opt-In Form to their 
Beneficial Holder clients in lieu of hard copies.  Moreover, if it is the Nominee’s customary 
internal practice to provide to Beneficial Holders an electronic link to the solicitation materials 
(including, but not limited to, the Disclosure Statement and the Plan) or Opt-In Form, the Nominee 
is authorized to follow such customary practice in lieu of forwarding flash drives or paper copies 
of the applicable materials to their Beneficial Holder clients.  In such instances, the Nominee is 
authorized to return any excess or unused flash drives or paper copies of the Solicitation Package 
or Opt-In Form to the Solicitation Agent. 
39. 
For purposes of serving the solicitation materials, the Debtors seek 
authorization to rely on the address information (for voting and non-voting parties alike) 
maintained by the Debtors and provided by the Debtors to the Solicitation Agent as of the Voting 
Record Date.  To that end, the Debtors seek the waiver of any obligation for the Debtors or the 
Case 25-10829-CTG    Doc 16    Filed 05/06/25    Page 21 of 150

=== page 22 ===
 
 
22 
 
Solicitation Agent to conduct any additional research for updated addresses based on undeliverable 
Solicitation Packages (including undeliverable Ballots, Opt-In Forms, and Combined Notices) and 
will not be required to resend Solicitation Packages or other materials, including Opt-In Forms and 
Combined Notices, that are returned as undeliverable. 
5) 
VOTING RECORD DATE AND VOTING DEADLINE 
40. 
Bankruptcy Rule 3017(d) provides that, for the purposes of soliciting votes 
in connection with the confirmation of a plan of reorganization, “creditors and equity security 
holders shall include holders of stock, bonds, debentures, notes, and other securities of record on 
the date the order approving the disclosure statement is entered or another date fixed by the court, 
for cause, after notice and a hearing.”  Fed R. Bankr. P. 3017(d).  Bankruptcy Rule 3018(b) 
contains a similar provision regarding determination of the record date for voting purposes.  
Bankruptcy Rule 3018(b) provides, among other things, that prepetition acceptances or rejections 
of a plan are valid only if the plan was “transmitted to substantially all creditors and equity security 
holders of the same class” and that the time for voting was not “unreasonably short.” 
41. 
The Solicitation Packages were distributed on May 6, 2025 to all Holders 
of Claims in the Voting Class as of April 30, 2025 (the “Voting Record Date”).  The Ballots require 
each Holder completing a Ballot to certify the amount of its Claim as of the Voting Record Date.  
Further, as clearly set forth in the Solicitation Packages, the Voting Deadline was set for June 6, 
2025 at 5:00 p.m. (prevailing Eastern Time), a period which provides for approximately twenty-
eight (28) days to consider and return votes with respect to the Plan. 
42. 
The Debtors respectfully submit that Holders of Claims in the Voting Class 
have adequate time to consider the Plan and Disclosure Statement and submit a Ballot before the 
Voting Deadline.  The proposed solicitation period in these Chapter 11 Cases is consistent with 
the solicitation period in other prepackaged chapter 11 cases and in compliance with the time 
Case 25-10829-CTG    Doc 16    Filed 05/06/25    Page 22 of 150

=== page 23 ===
 
 
23 
 
periods required by the Bankruptcy Rules.  Further, the transactions proposed in the Plan are the 
product of extensive arm’s-length negotiations among the Debtors and the Consenting Creditors, 
and, prior to the commencement of solicitation, the Plan and Disclosure Statement were subject to 
review and comment by representatives of the Consenting Creditors.  For these reasons, the 
Debtors believe that the solicitation period is sufficient and appropriate for Holders of Claims 
entitled to vote on the Plan to make an informed decision to vote to accept or reject the Plan.  
6) 
THE DEBTORS’ PREPETITION SOLICITATION WAS EXEMPT FROM 
REGISTRATION AND DISCLOSURE REQUIREMENTS OTHERWISE 
APPLICABLE UNDER NONBANKRUPTCY LAW 
43. 
Section 1125(g) of the Bankruptcy Code provides that “an acceptance or 
rejection of the plan may be solicited from a holder of a claim or interest if such solicitation 
complies with applicable nonbankruptcy law and if such holder was solicited before the 
commencement of the case in a manner complying with applicable nonbankruptcy law.”  11 U.S.C. 
§ 1125(g).  Further, section 1126(b) of the Bankruptcy Code provides that: 
[A] holder of a claim or interest that has accepted or rejected the 
plan before the commencement of the case under this title is deemed 
to have accepted or rejected such plan, as the case may be, if—
(1) the solicitation of such acceptance or rejection was in 
compliance with any applicable nonbankruptcy law, rule, or 
regulation governing the adequacy of disclosure in connection with 
such solicitation; or (2) if there is not any such law, rule, or 
regulation, such acceptance or rejection was solicited after 
disclosure to such holder of adequate information, as defined in 
section 1125(a) of this title. 
44. 
Prepetition solicitations must therefore either comply with generally 
applicable federal and state securities laws and regulations (including the registration and 
disclosure requirements thereof) or, if such laws and regulations do not apply, the solicited Holders 
must receive “adequate information” under section 1125 of the Bankruptcy Code.  See id.  The 
Debtors respectfully submit that their prepetition solicitation is exempt from the registration 
Case 25-10829-CTG    Doc 16    Filed 05/06/25    Page 23 of 150

=== page 24 ===
 
 
24 
 
requirements of the Securities Act of 1933 (the “Securities Act”), under one or more of the 
exceptions from registration provided thereunder, including section 4(a)(2) thereof, state “Blue 
Sky” laws, or any similar rules, regulations, or statutes. 
45. 
In general, the Securities Act requires an issuer to file a registration 
statement with the U.S. Securities and Exchange Commission prior to commencing a public 
offering.  15 U.S.C. § 77e(c).  The Debtors, however, were not required to file a registration 
statement under one or more of the exceptions to the registration requirements of the Securities 
Act, state “Blue Sky” laws, and similar statutes, rules, and regulations.  In particular, the Debtors 
relied on section 4(a)(2) of the Securities Act and/or Regulation S under the Securities Act outside 
the United States to investors that are not “U.S. persons” (as defined in Rule 902(k) of 
Regulation S under the Securities Act) which create an exemption from the Securities Act’s 
registration requirements and otherwise applicable state laws for transactions not involving a 
“public offering.”  15 U.S.C. § 77r(b)(4)(E) (preempting state law in offerings conducted pursuant 
to regulations under section 4(a)(2) of the Securities Act).  Based upon the requirements of the 
debt agreements governing the First Lien Claims, the Debtors believe that each Holder of First 
Lien Claims—the only holders eligible to vote under the Plan and receive the Solicitation Package 
prior to the Petition Date—is either (i)  a “qualified institutional buyer” (as defined in Rule 144A 
under the Securities Act) or (ii) a person other than a “U.S. person” (as defined in Rule 902(k) of 
Regulation S under the Securities Act) and that there was no general solicitation in connection 
with the offer, to Holders of Claims in the Voting Class, of New Common Equity and/or New 
Notes prior to the Petition Date, including in connection with the prepetition solicitation process.  
Accordingly, the Debtors were not required to file a registration statement regarding the prepetition 
offer of the New Common Equity or the New Notes of the Reorganized Debtors to Holders of 
Case 25-10829-CTG    Doc 16    Filed 05/06/25    Page 24 of 150

=== page 25 ===
 
 
25 
 
Claims in the Voting Class, and the requirements of section 1126(b)(1) of the Bankruptcy Code 
are satisfied by the Debtors’ prepetition solicitation process. 
46. 
Moreover, debtors in this district have utilized section 4(a)(2) of the 
Securities Act to exempt their prepetition solicitation from the registration and disclosure 
requirements otherwise applicable under nonbankruptcy law.  See, e.g., In re Appgate, Inc., No. 
24-10956 (CTG) (Bankr. D. Del. May 8, 2024) (approving solicitation procedures that included 
section 4(a)(2) exemption); In re Lannett Co. Inc., No. 23-10559 (JKS) (Bankr. D. Del. May 4, 
2023) (same); In re Carestream Health, Inc., No. 22-10778 (JKS) (Bankr. D. Del. Aug. 24, 2022) 
(same); In re Riverbed Tech., Inc., No. 21-11503 (CTG) (Bankr. D. Del. Nov. 18, 2021) (same); 
In re APC Auto. Techs. Intermediate Holdings, LLC, No. 20-11466 (CSS) (Bankr. D. Del. June 4, 
2020) (same).  
47. 
Further, as discussed more fully above, the Debtors will seek a 
determination from this Court at the Combined Hearing that all solicited Holders of Claims in the 
Voting Class received “adequate information” as defined by section 1125(a)(1) of the Bankruptcy 
Code, in accordance with section 1126(b)(2) of the Bankruptcy Code.   
48. 
Accordingly, the Debtors respectfully submit that the Solicitation 
Procedures satisfy sections 1125(g) and 1126(b)(2) of the Bankruptcy Code because the 
prepetition solicitation complied with applicable non-bankruptcy law and all Holders of Claims in 
the Voting Class received “adequate information” as that term is used in section 1125(a) of the 
Bankruptcy Code and, accordingly, the Solicitation Procedures should be approved. 
D. 
DEADLINE AND PROCEDURES FOR OBJECTIONS TO THE DISCLOSURE 
STATEMENT AND CONFIRMATION OF THE PLAN 
49. 
Bankruptcy Rule 3017(a) authorizes the Court to fix a time for filing 
objections to the adequacy of a disclosure statement and Bankruptcy Rule 3020(b)(1) authorizes 
Case 25-10829-CTG    Doc 16    Filed 05/06/25    Page 25 of 150

=== page 26 ===
 
 
26 
 
the Court to fix a time for filing objections to a plan of reorganization.  Further, Bankruptcy Rule 
2002(b) requires at least twenty-eight (28) days’ notice be given by mail to all creditors of the time 
fixed for filing objections to approval of a disclosure statement and confirmation of a plan of 
reorganization.  Local Rule 3017-1(a) similarly requires twenty-eight (28) days’ notice to be given 
to all creditors of the time fixed for filing objections to approval of a disclosure statement. 
50. 
The Debtors request that the Court set June 6, 2025, at 4:00 p.m. (prevailing 
Eastern Time), as the Objection Deadline for filing objections to the adequacy of the Disclosure 
Statement and confirmation of the Plan (including, to the extent applicable, any objections to the 
Executory Contract Procedures as further discussed below).  The proposed Objection Deadline 
provides creditors and equity interest holders with sufficient notice of the deadline for filing 
objections to the Disclosure Statement and Plan, while still affording the Debtors and any parties 
in interest time to file a responsive brief and resolve consensually as many of those objections as 
possible. 
51. 
The Debtors further request that the Court direct that any responses or 
objections to the adequacy of the Disclosure Statement or confirmation of the Plan must:  (i) be in 
writing; (ii) conform to the applicable Bankruptcy Rules and the Local Rules; (iii) set forth the 
name of the objecting party, the amount and nature of such party’s Claim or Interest, the basis for 
the objection and the specific grounds thereof; and (iv) be filed with the Court, together with proof 
of service.  In addition to being filed with the Court, any such responses or objections must be 
served on the following parties (collectively, the “Notice Parties”) so as to be received by the 
Objection Deadline: (i) WW International, Inc., 675 Avenue of the Americas, 6th Floor, New 
York, New York 10010, Attn: Jacqueline Cooke, Esq. (jacquie.cooke@ww.com); (ii) proposed 
co-counsel for the Debtors, (a) Simpson Thacher & Bartlett LLP, 425 Lexington Avenue, New 
Case 25-10829-CTG    Doc 16    Filed 05/06/25    Page 26 of 150

=== page 27 ===
 
 
27 
 
York, New York 10017, Attn:  Elisha D. Graff, Esq. (egraff@stblaw.com), Moshe A. Fink, Esq. 
(moshe.fink@stblaw.com), Rachael L. Foust, Esq. (rachael.foust@stblaw.com), and Zachary J. 
Weiner, Esq. (zachary.weiner@stblaw.com); (b) Young Conaway Stargatt & Taylor, LLP, 
Rodney Square, 1000 North King Street, Wilmington, Delaware 19801, Attn. Edmon L. Morton, 
Esq. (emorton@ycst.com), Sean M. Beach, Esq. (sbeach@ycst.com), Shella Borovinskaya, Esq. 
(sborovinskaya@ycst.com), and Carol E. Thompson, Esq. (cthompson@ycst.com); (iii) counsel 
to any official committee appointed in the Chapter 11 Cases; (iv) counsel to the Ad Hoc Group, 
(a) Gibson, Dunn & Crutcher LLP, 200 Park Avenue, New York, New York 10166, Attn: Scott J. 
Greenberg, 
Esq. 
(sgreenberg@gibsondunn.com), 
Matthew 
J. 
Williams, 
Esq. 
(mjwilliams@gibsondunn.com), Jason Z. Goldstein, Esq. (jgoldstein@gibsondunn.com), and 
Tommy Scheffer, Esq. (tscheffer@gibsondunn.com); and (b) Pachulski Stang Ziehl & Jones LLP, 
919 N. Market Street, 17th Floor, P.O. Box 8705, Wilmington, Delaware 19899, Attn: Laura Davis 
Jones, Esq. (ljones@pszjlaw.com) and Timothy P. Cairns (Tcairns@pszjlaw.com); (v) the Office 
of the United States Trustee for the District of Delaware, J. Caleb Boggs Federal Building, 844 
King Street, Room 2207, Lockbox 35, Wilmington, Delaware 19801, Attn: Benjamin A. Hackman, 
Esq. (benjamin.a.hackman@usdoj.gov); and (vi) any other party entitled to notice under 
Bankruptcy Rule 2002. 
52. 
The Debtors further request that they and any other parties supporting 
confirmation of the Plan be authorized to file replies to any objections or responses to confirmation 
(including, to the extent applicable, to the Executory Contract Procedures) received by the 
Case 25-10829-CTG    Doc 16    Filed 05/06/25    Page 27 of 150

=== page 28 ===
 
 
28 
 
Objection Deadline by 12:00 p.m. (prevailing Eastern Time) on June 12, 2025, or two (2) business 
days prior to the Combined Hearing. 
E. 
APPROVAL 
OF 
FORM 
AND 
MANNER 
OF 
NOTICE 
OF 
THE 
COMMENCEMENT OF THESE CHAPTER 11 CASES, THE COMBINED 
HEARING AND THE OBJECTION DEADLINE 
53. 
The Debtors propose to mail (or cause to be mailed), no later than three (3) 
business days following the entry of the Proposed Order or as soon as reasonably practicable 
thereafter, to all known Holders of Claims against or Equity Interests in the Debtors, other than 
Members, the Combined Notice, substantially in the form annexed as Exhibit 1 to the Proposed 
Order, setting forth, among other things, (i) the notice of commencement of these Chapter 11 
Cases; (ii) the date, time and place of the Combined Hearing; (iii) instructions for obtaining copies 
of the Disclosure Statement and Plan; and (iv) the Objection Deadline and procedures for filing 
objections to the adequacy of the Disclosure Statement and/or confirmation of the Plan.  
Additionally, for the Non-Voting Holders, the Combined Notice will include the applicable notice 
of non-voting status for Impaired Classes that are deemed to reject the Plan and Unimpaired 
Classes that are deemed to accept the Plan, as well as the Opt-In Form.  With respect to Members, 
the Debtors propose to email and mail (or cause to be mailed) where email addresses are 
unavailable the Member Notice no later than three (3) business days following entry of the 
Proposed Order or as soon as reasonably practicable thereafter. 
54. 
Bankruptcy Rule 2002(f)(1) provides that notice of “the order for relief” 
shall be sent by mail to all creditors.  Bankruptcy Rule 2002(d) similarly provides that, unless 
otherwise ordered by the court, notice of the “order for relief” shall be given to all of the Debtors’ 
equity security holders. 
55. 
In addition, Bankruptcy Rule 2002(1) permits the Court to “order notice by 
publication if it finds that notice by mail is impracticable or that it is desirable to supplement the 
Case 25-10829-CTG    Doc 16    Filed 05/06/25    Page 28 of 150

=== page 29 ===
 
 
29 
 
notice.”  The Debtors request that the Court authorize them, in their sole discretion, to provide 
supplemental publication notice (the “Publication Notice”) of the Combined Hearing, attached 
hereto as Exhibit 3, as soon as reasonably practicable following the entry of the Proposed Order 
in the national edition of The New York Times or another world-wide and/or nationally-circulated 
newspaper and/or regional newspapers and electronically on the Debtors’ case information website 
(located at https://restructuring.ra.kroll.com/WeightWatchers/), and file the same on the Court’s 
docket.  The Debtors believe that the publication of certain of the contents of the Combined Notice 
in this manner would provide sufficient notice of the date, time and place of the Combined Hearing 
and the Objection Deadline (and related procedures) to persons who may not otherwise receive the 
Combined Notice by mail.  Accordingly, the Debtors respectfully request that this Court approve 
the form and manner of service of the Combined Notice in the foregoing manner. 
56. 
Moreover, the Debtors will send, via email (or mail where email addresses 
are unavailable) the Members the Member Notice to provide notice to each known Member of the 
commencement of the Chapter 11 Cases (to the extent that any such Member is a Holder of Claims 
against the Debtors). 
57. 
To provide another layer of notice to parties in interest in these Chapter 11 
Cases, the Debtors will post to the Solicitation Agent’s website various chapter 11 documents, 
including the following: (i) the Plan; (ii) the Disclosure Statement; (iii) this Motion and any orders 
entered in connection with this Motion; and (iv) the Combined Notice. 
58. 
The proposed service of the Combined Notice and the Member Notice will 
provide sufficient notice to all parties in interest in these Chapter 11 Cases of the commencement 
of such cases, the date, time and place of the Combined Hearing and the procedures for objecting 
to the adequacy of the Disclosure Statement or the confirmation of the Plan.  In addition, the 
Case 25-10829-CTG    Doc 16    Filed 05/06/25    Page 29 of 150

=== page 30 ===
 
 
30 
 
Publication Notice will provide sufficient notice to persons who did not otherwise receive notice 
pursuant to the Combined Notice. 
F. 
PROCEDURES IN RESPECT OF THE ASSUMPTION OF EXECUTORY 
CONTRACTS OR UNEXPIRED LEASES PURSUANT TO THE PLAN 
59. 
The Plan provides that, except as otherwise provided in the Plan, as of the 
Effective Date, the Debtors shall be deemed to have assumed each Executory Contract and 
Unexpired Lease to which it is a party in accordance with, and subject to, the provisions and 
requirements of sections 365 and 1123 of the Bankruptcy Code, without the need for any further 
notice to or action, order, or approval of the Court, unless such Executory Contract or Unexpired 
Lease:  (i) was assumed or rejected previously by such Debtor; (ii) expired or terminated pursuant 
to its own terms prior to the Effective Date; (iii) is the subject of a motion to reject filed on or 
before the Effective Date or (iv) is included on the Schedule of Rejected Contracts which may be 
amended from time to time by the Debtors with the consent of the Ad Hoc Group Advisors (not to 
be unreasonably withheld) to add or remove Executory Contracts and Unexpired Leases (such 
amendments to be filed and served on a further Plan Supplement from time to time), in which case 
such Executory Contracts and Unexpired Leases shall be deemed rejected on the Effective Date.  
The assumption of Executory Contracts and Unexpired Leases under the Plan may include the 
assignment of certain of such contracts to one or more Reorganized Debtors.  The Confirmation 
Order will constitute an order of the Court approving the above-described assumptions and 
assignments.  
60. 
Through various first and second day pleadings, the Debtors are seeking 
relief to pay certain General Unsecured Claims against the Debtors in the ordinary course of 
business.  Moreover, the Plan provides that the Reorganized Debtors shall satisfy any monetary 
defaults under any Executory Contract or Unexpired Lease to be assumed under the Plan, to the 
Case 25-10829-CTG    Doc 16    Filed 05/06/25    Page 30 of 150

=== page 31 ===
 
 
31 
 
extent required by section 365(b)(1) of the Bankruptcy Code, upon assumption thereof in the 
ordinary course of business.  Accordingly, the Debtors do not intend to file a cure schedule.  
Rather, the Debtors request Court approval of the following Executory Contract Procedures: 
a. The Combined Notice and Member Notice will notify all counterparties to 
Executory Contracts and Unexpired Leases (i) that such Executory Contracts and 
Unexpired Leases will be assumed under the Plan, (ii) that any monetary defaults 
thereunder will be cured in the ordinary course of business, and (iii) of the 
Executory Contract Objection Deadline (as defined below). 
b. If a counterparty to any Executory Contract or Unexpired Lease believes any 
further amounts are due as a result of such Debtor’s monetary default thereunder or 
objects to the assumption of an Executory Contract or Unexpired Lease under the 
Plan, including an objection regarding the ability of the Reorganized Debtors to 
provide “adequate assurance of future performance” (within the meaning of section 
365 of the Bankruptcy Code), (each, an “Assumption Objection”), it may file an 
Assumption Objection against the Debtors or Reorganized Debtors, as applicable, 
subject to all defenses the Debtors or Reorganized Debtors may have with respect 
to such Assumption Objection.  
c. The Debtors, with the consent of the Required Consenting Creditors (not to be 
unreasonably withheld), or the Reorganized Debtors, as applicable, may settle any 
Assumption Objections without any further notice to or action, order, or approval 
of the Court. 
d. All rights of a counterparty to assert that further amounts are due as a result of a 
Debtor’s monetary default under an Executory Contract or Unexpired Lease are 
preserved after the Effective Date and can be asserted in the ordinary course of 
business and in accordance with the terms of the applicable Executory Contract or 
Unexpired Lease. 
e. Any Assumption Objection must be filed with the Court on or before 4:00 p.m. 
(prevailing Eastern Time) on May 23, 2025 (the “Executory Contract Objection 
Deadline”), or such other deadline as may be established by the Court. 
f. The Debtors also request that the Court direct that any Assumption Objections:  
i. be in writing;  
ii. conform to the applicable Bankruptcy Rules and the Local Rules; 
iii. set forth the name of the objecting party, the basis for the objection and the 
specific grounds therefor; 
iv. be filed with the Court, together with a proof of service, on or before the 
Executory Contract Objection Deadline; and 
Case 25-10829-CTG    Doc 16    Filed 05/06/25    Page 31 of 150

=== page 32 ===
 
 
32 
 
v. be served on the Notice Parties.  
g. The Debtors (with the reasonable consent of the Required Consenting Creditors) or 
Reorganized Debtors, as applicable, reserve the right at any time to move to reject 
any Executory Contract or Unexpired Lease based upon the existence of any 
unresolved dispute regarding the assumption of such Executory Contract or 
Unexpired Lease or these Executory Contract Procedures, or upon a resolution of 
such dispute that is unfavorable to the Debtors or Reorganized Debtors. 
h. Finally, the Debtors request that the Court authorize the Debtors to file replies to 
any timely-filed objections or responses by 12:00 p.m. (prevailing Eastern Time) 
on June 12, 2025, or two (2) business days prior to the Combined Hearing. 
61. 
Any counterparty to an Executory Contract or Unexpired Lease that did not 
timely object to the proposed assumption of such Executory Contract or Unexpired Lease by the 
Executory Contract Objection Deadline will be deemed to have consented to such assumption.  
Any Proofs of Claim filed with respect to an Executory Contract or Unexpired Lease that has been 
assumed shall be deemed disallowed and expunged, without further notice to or action, order, or 
approval of the Court. 
62. 
The Debtors respectfully submit that the Executory Contract Procedures are 
appropriate under the circumstances.  Pursuant to the Executory Contract Procedures, the Debtors’ 
Solicitation Agent will serve the Combined Notice on all known counterparties to Executory 
Contracts and Unexpired Leases within three (3) business days following the entry of the Proposed 
Order (or as soon as reasonably possible thereafter).  The Combined Notice will alert such 
counterparties that all Executory Contracts and Unexpired Leases with the Debtors will be 
assumed under the Plan and that any monetary defaults thereunder will be satisfied upon 
assumption thereof in the ordinary course of business.  The Combined Notice will be provided to 
such counterparties promptly following the entry of the Proposed Order, providing such parties 
with at least fourteen (14) days’ notice of the deadline to object to the proposed treatment of the 
applicable Executory Contract or Unexpired Lease.  This process is designed to facilitate a prompt 
Case 25-10829-CTG    Doc 16    Filed 05/06/25    Page 32 of 150

=== page 33 ===
 
 
33 
 
and efficient completion of the restructuring while also affording counterparties adequate time to 
voice any concerns regarding the assumption of their Executory Contracts and Unexpired Leases. 
G. 
APPROVAL OF FORM AND MANNER OF NEW NOTES ELECTION & 
DISTRIBUTION PROCEDURES NOTICE 
63. 
As noted above, the Plan provides that eligible Holders of First Lien Claims 
may elect to receive New Takeback Debt in the form of New Notes, regardless of whether such 
Holder’s First Lien Claims are First Lien Credit Agreement Claims or Senior Secured Notes 
Claims (a “New Notes Election”) if such Holders of First Lien Claims validly make such New 
Notes Elections.  See Article V.E of the Plan.  If a Holder of First Lien Claims does not make a 
New Notes Election prior to the New Notes Election Deadline (as defined below), such Holder of 
First Lien Claims shall be entitled to receive the New Takeback Debt in the form of New Term 
Loans. 
64. 
In connection with the New Notes Election, the Debtors propose to utilize 
the procedures outlined below and in a separate notice to be sent to eligible Holders of First Lien 
Claims (the “New Notes Election & Distribution Procedures Notice”) attached to the Proposed 
Order as Exhibit C.  The Debtors propose to send the New Notes Election & Distribution 
Procedures Notice to the Holders of First Lien Claims to provide such Holders with instructions 
and information relating to the New Notes Election and links to the Solicitation Agent’s site 
containing all relevant forms, procedures, and timelines for the election procedures.  The Debtors 
Case 25-10829-CTG    Doc 16    Filed 05/06/25    Page 33 of 150

=== page 34 ===
 
 
34 
 
seek the Court’s approval of such procedures subject to the Debtors’ ability to make non-material 
modifications to such procedures prior to their transmission to such applicable Holders. 
65. 
The Debtors further propose the setting of the following record date and 
deadline, which will be included in the New Notes Election & Distribution Procedures Notice: 
a. the proposed establishment of a record date for purposes of determining the Holders 
of First Lien Credit Agreement Claims eligible to make the New Notes Election, 
which the Debtors propose to be June 3, 2025 (the “First Lien Credit Agreement 
New Notes Election Record Date”);4 and 
b. the establishment of a date by which eligible Holders of First Lien Claims must 
make the New Notes Election by following the procedures set forth on the New 
Notes Election & Distribution Procedures Notice, which the Debtors propose to be 
June 17, 2025 at 5:00 p.m. (prevailing Eastern Time) (the “New Notes Election 
Deadline” and together with the First Lien Credit Agreement New Notes Election 
Record Date, the “Proposed New Notes Election Dates”). 
66. 
Notwithstanding the foregoing, the Debtors recognize that circumstances 
may arise that make the foregoing Proposed New Notes Election Dates untenable and, therefore 
the Debtors reserve the right to propose alternative dates to the Proposed New Notes Election 
Dates by providing at least two (2) business days’ notice to the following parties via email: 
(i) counsel to any official committee appointed in the Chapter 11 Cases; (ii) counsel to the Ad Hoc 
Group, (a) Gibson, Dunn & Crutcher LLP, 200 Park Avenue, New York, New York 10166, Attn: 
 
4 Transfers made after the First Lien Credit Agreement New Notes Election Record Date by an eligible Holder of 
First Lien Credit Agreement Claims that has made the New Notes Election will not be eligible to participate in the 
election to receive New Term Loans or New Notes.  For the avoidance of doubt, only Holders of First Lien Credit 
Agreement Claims as of the First Lien Credit Agreement New Notes Election Record Date will be eligible to 
participate in the election. 
Case 25-10829-CTG    Doc 16    Filed 05/06/25    Page 34 of 150

=== page 35 ===
 
 
35 
 
Scott J. Greenberg, Esq. (sgreenberg@gibsondunn.com), Matthew J. Williams, Esq. 
(mjwilliams@gibsondunn.com), Jason Z. Goldstein, Esq. (jgoldstein@gibsondunn.com), and 
Tommy Scheffer, Esq. (tscheffer@gibsondunn.com); and (b) Pachulski Stang Ziehl & Jones LLP, 
919 N. Market Street, 17th Floor, P.O. Box 8705, Wilmington, Delaware 19899, Attn: Laura Davis 
Jones, Esq. (ljones@pszjlaw.com) and Timothy P. Cairns (Tcairns@pszjlaw.com); and (iii) the 
Office of the United States Trustee for the District of Delaware, J. Caleb Boggs Federal Building, 
844 King Street, Room 2207, Lockbox 35, Wilmington, Delaware 19801, Attn: Benjamin A. 
Hackman, Esq. (benjamin.a.hackman@usdoj.gov).  Notice of any change to the Proposed New 
Notes Election Dates will also be filed on the docket of these Chapter 11 Cases. 
H. 
EXTENSION AND CONDITIONAL WAIVER OF THE CREDITORS’ MEETING 
AND THE FILING OF SOFAS AND SCHEDULES AND RULE 2015.3 REPORTS  
67. 
The Debtors also submit that the circumstances of these Chapter 11 Cases 
merit an extension, and, ultimately, a waiver, of the requirements that (i) the U.S. Trustee convene 
the Creditors’ Meeting; (ii) the Debtors file the SOFAs and Schedules; and (iii) the Debtors file 
Rule 2015.3 Reports.  This relief is appropriate under the circumstances because the Debtors began 
soliciting acceptance of the Plan prepetition and anticipate the near-term confirmation of the Plan 
and subsequent emergence from chapter 11. 
1) 
CREDITORS’ MEETING 
68. 
While section 341 of the Bankruptcy Code requires the U.S. Trustee to 
convene and preside at a meeting of creditors, it also allows a court to excuse the requirement of a 
meeting of creditors or equity holders if a debtor has filed a plan on the petition date and 
commences solicitation of a plan prior to the commencement of a chapter 11 case.  Specifically, 
section 341(e) of the Bankruptcy Code provides that: 
Notwithstanding subsections (a) and (b), the court, on the request of 
a party in interest and after notice and a hearing, for cause may order 
Case 25-10829-CTG    Doc 16    Filed 05/06/25    Page 35 of 150

=== page 36 ===
 
 
36 
 
that the United States trustee not convene a meeting of creditors or 
equity security holders if the debtor has filed a plan as to which the 
debtor solicited acceptances prior to the commencement of the case. 
 
11 U.S.C. § 341(e).   
69. 
Cause exists to grant an extension and conditional waiver of the Creditors’ 
Meeting.  The Debtors filed the Plan contemporaneously with this Motion on the Petition Date 
and, prior to the filing of these Chapter 11 Cases, the Debtors commenced solicitation of votes to 
accept or reject the Plan on May 6, 2025.  As a result, the Debtors satisfy the threshold statutory 
requirement of section 341(e).  
70. 
As discussed above, the Plan is the result of extensive negotiations with the 
Consenting Creditors, all of whom were represented by sophisticated counsel and advisors familiar 
with the chapter 11 process.  As of the Petition Date, pursuant to the Restructuring Support 
Agreement, the Debtors have already received commitments of support from the Consenting 
Creditors.  In addition, Holders of General Unsecured Claims will be paid in full or otherwise 
Unimpaired under the Plan and other contemplated “first day” relief sought by the Debtors.  The 
Debtors therefore believe that no party in interest will be prejudiced by the lack of a Creditors’ 
Meeting in these Chapter 11 Cases. 
71. 
For these reasons, the Debtors submit that sufficient “cause” exists to grant 
an extension of the requirement of a Creditors’ Meeting at the present time, with such extension 
to become a permanent waiver assuming the Plan is confirmed within 70 (seventy) days of the 
Petition Date (the “Waiver Deadline”). 
2) 
SCHEDULES AND STATEMENTS 
72. 
In addition, for similar reasons as those discussed above, the Debtors also 
request that the time for filing their SOFAs and Schedules be extended until the Waiver Deadline 
and to be excused in the event the Plan is confirmed by the Waiver Deadline.  As noted above, all 
Case 25-10829-CTG    Doc 16    Filed 05/06/25    Page 36 of 150

=== page 37 ===
 
 
37 
 
Holders of Allowed General Unsecured Claims will be Unimpaired.  Consequently, the Debtors 
do not plan to establish a general bar date in these Chapter 11 Cases.  Accordingly, the SOFAs and 
Schedules would not serve their traditional purpose in these Chapter 11 Cases and would be of 
limited utility to most parties in interest.   
73. 
As a matter of course, the Debtors are already entitled to an extension to 
twenty-eight (28) days from the Petition Date because the Debtors’ Solicitation Agent is 
maintaining the consolidated creditor matrix as of the Petition Date, and the Debtors have over 
200 creditors.  See Del. Bankr. L.R. 1007-1(b).  The Court is authorized to grant the Debtors’ 
further extension “for cause” pursuant to Local Rule 1007-1(b).  Sufficient cause exists here 
because requiring the Debtors to file Schedules in the first twenty-eight (28) days of these Chapter 
11 Cases would divert management’s time and attention from ensuring a smooth transition into 
chapter 11.  The SOFAs and Schedules, even if filed on the current deadline, would be of no real 
benefit to most parties in interest in these Chapter 11 Cases at that point, but would require a 
substantial expenditure of time and resources by the Debtors to prepare and file. 
74. 
Therefore, the Court should only require the Debtors to file SOFAs and 
Schedules if the Plan is not confirmed within the timetable contemplated by the Debtors and their 
major constituencies.  The Debtors reserve the right to supplement this Motion and request that 
any relief granted be without prejudice to the Debtors’ ability to seek further extension or 
modification of the requirements to file Schedules and SOFAs and for the U.S. Trustee to convene 
the Creditors’ Meeting.   
3) 
RULE 2015.3 REPORTS  
75. 
Finally, the Debtors request that the time for filing the first Rule 2015.3 
Report be extended until the Waiver Deadline and waived in the event that the Plan becomes 
effective on or prior to that date.  Bankruptcy Rule 2015.3(a) provides that a debtor must file 
Case 25-10829-CTG    Doc 16    Filed 05/06/25    Page 37 of 150

=== page 38 ===
 
 
38 
 
periodic financial reports regarding the value, operations, and profitability of non-debtor entities 
in which the debtor holds a substantial or controlling interest no later than seven (7) days before 
the Creditors’ Meeting under section 341 of the Bankruptcy Code.  Subsequent Rule 2015.3 
Reports are to be filed not less frequently than every six months thereafter until the effective date 
of a plan or dismissal or conversion of the case.  The purpose of Bankruptcy Rule 2015.3 is “to 
assist parties in interest [in] taking steps to ensure that the debtor’s interest” in an entity in which 
the debtor holds a substantial or controlling interest “is used for the payment of allowed claims 
against the debtor.”  Pub. L. No. 109-8 § 419(b) (2005).  Pursuant to Bankruptcy Rule 2015.3, the 
Court may modify a debtor’s obligations “for cause.” 
76. 
The Debtors submit that cause exists to extend the deadline to file the first 
Rule 2015.3 Report and to waive the reporting requirements of Bankruptcy Rule 2015.3 in the 
event that the Plan is not confirmed on or prior to the Waiver Deadline.  As noted above, the 
Debtors have already received the support of the Consenting Creditors pursuant to the 
Restructuring Support Agreement.  As such, requiring the Debtor to file the 2015.3 Reports would 
be burdensome to the Debtors and their management without serving the stated purpose of 
Bankruptcy Rule 2015.3, which is to help maximize recoveries to the Debtors’ creditors. 
77. 
The Debtors reserve the right to supplement this Motion and request that 
any relief granted be without prejudice to the Debtors’ ability to seek further extension or 
modification of the requirements (a) to file Schedules and SOFAs and Rule 2015.3 Reports and 
(b) for the U.S. Trustee to convene the Creditors’ Meeting.  In this regard, the Debtors request that 
the Court authorize the Debtors to further extend the deadline to file Schedules and SOFAs and 
Case 25-10829-CTG    Doc 16    Filed 05/06/25    Page 38 of 150

=== page 39 ===
 
 
39 
 
Rule 2015.3 Reports and convene a Creditors’ Meeting without filing a supplemental motion so 
long as the Debtors have procured advance consent from the U.S. Trustee. 
RESERVATION OF RIGHTS 
78. 
Nothing contained in this Motion is an admission of the validity of any 
claim against the Debtors, a waiver of the Debtors’ or any other party’s rights to dispute any claim, 
or an approval or assumption of any agreement, contract, or lease under section 365 of the 
Bankruptcy Code.  If the Court grants the relief requested in this Motion, any Court-authorized 
payment is not an admission of the validity of any claim or a waiver of the Debtors’ or any other 
party’s rights to subsequently dispute such claim.  In addition, authorization to pay the claims 
described in this Motion will not be deemed a direction to the Debtors to pay such claims; rather, 
the Debtors will make such payments in their discretion. 
WAIVER OF BANKRUPTCY RULE 6004 
79. 
To implement the foregoing successfully, the Debtors seek a waiver of the 
notice requirements under Bankruptcy Rule 6004(a) and of the fourteen (14) day stay under 
Bankruptcy Rule 6004(h).  As explained above, the relief requested herein is necessary to avoid 
immediate and irreparable harm to the Debtors.  The Debtors thus submit that the requested waiver 
of the notice requirements of Bankruptcy Rule 6004(a) and the fourteen (14) day stay imposed by 
Bankruptcy Rule 6004(h) is appropriate, to the extent such notice requirements and stay apply. 
NOTICE 
80. 
The Debtors will provide notice of this Motion to (i) the Office of the United 
States Trustee; (ii) the Office of the United States Attorney for the District of Delaware; (iii) the 
Internal Revenue Service; (iv) the United States Securities and Exchange Commission; (v) counsel 
to the Ad Hoc Group; (vi) counsel to the Prepetition Agent; (vii) those creditors holding the 
thirty (30) largest unsecured claims against the Debtors’ estates (on a consolidated basis); and 
Case 25-10829-CTG    Doc 16    Filed 05/06/25    Page 39 of 150

=== page 40 ===
 
 
40 
 
(viii) any party that has requested notice pursuant to Bankruptcy Rule 2002.  The Debtors will 
serve copies of this Motion and an order entered in respect of this Motion as required by Local 
Rule 9013-1(m).  In light of the nature of the relief requested herein, the Debtors submit that no 
other or further notice is necessary. 
[Remainder of Page Intentionally Left Blank] 
 
Case 25-10829-CTG    Doc 16    Filed 05/06/25    Page 40 of 150

=== page 41 ===
 
 
41 
 
WHEREFORE, the Debtors request entry of the Proposed Order, substantially in 
the form attached hereto as Exhibit A, granting the relief requested herein and such other relief as 
is just and proper. 
[Remainder of Page Intentionally Left Blank] 
 
Case 25-10829-CTG    Doc 16    Filed 05/06/25    Page 41 of 150

=== page 42 ===
 
 
42 
 
Dated: May 6, 2025 
Wilmington, Delaware 
YOUNG 
CONAWAY 
STARGATT 
& 
TAYLOR, LLP 
 
/s/ Shella Borovinskaya 
 
 
Edmon L. Morton (No. 3856) 
Sean M. Beach (No. 4070) 
Shella Borovinskaya (No. 6758) 
Carol E. Thompson (No. 6936) 
Rodney Square 
1000 North King Street 
Wilmington, Delaware 19801 
Telephone:  (302) 571-6600 
Facsimile:  (302) 571-1253 
Email: emorton@ycst.com 
sbeach@ycst.com 
sborovinskaya@ycst.com 
cthompson@ycst.com  
 
 
- and -  
 
SIMPSON THACHER & BARTLETT LLP 
Elisha D. Graff (pro hac vice pending) 
Moshe A. Fink (pro hac vice pending) 
Rachael L. Foust (pro hac vice pending) 
Zachary J. Weiner (pro hac vice pending) 
425 Lexington Avenue 
New York, New York 10017 
Telephone: (212) 455-2000 
Facsimile: (212) 455-2502  
Email: egraff@stblaw.com 
moshe.fink@stblaw.com 
rachael.foust@stblaw.com 
zachary.weiner@stblaw.com 
 
Proposed Co-Counsel to the Debtors and 
Debtors in Possession 
 
 
 
 
Case 25-10829-CTG    Doc 16    Filed 05/06/25    Page 42 of 150

=== page 43 ===
 
 
EXHIBIT A 
Proposed Order 
Case 25-10829-CTG    Doc 16    Filed 05/06/25    Page 43 of 150

=== page 44 ===
 
 
IN THE UNITED STATES BANKRUPTCY COURT 
FOR THE DISTRICT OF DELAWARE 
 
In re: 
 
WW INTERNATIONAL, INC., et al.,1 
 
Debtors. 
 
  
Chapter 11 
 
Case No. 25-[__] (   ) 
 
(Jointly Administered) 
 
Ref. Docket No. ___ 
ORDER (I) SCHEDULING COMBINED HEARING ON ADEQUACY OF DISCLOSURE 
STATEMENT AND CONFIRMATION OF THE PLAN; (II) FIXING DEADLINE TO 
OBJECT TO THE DISCLOSURE STATEMENT AND THE PLAN; (III) APPROVING 
PREPETITION SOLICITATION PROCEDURES AND FORM AND MANNER OF 
NOTICE OF COMMENCEMENT, COMBINED HEARING AND OBJECTION 
DEADLINE; (IV) APPROVING NOTICE AND OBJECTION PROCEDURES FOR THE 
ASSUMPTION OF EXECUTORY CONTRACTS AND UNEXPIRED LEASES; 
(V) CONDITIONALLY (A) DIRECTING THE UNITED STATES TRUSTEE NOT TO 
CONVENE SECTION 341(A) MEETING OF CREDITORS AND (B) WAIVING 
REQUIREMENT OF FILING STATEMENTS OF FINANCIAL AFFAIRS AND 
SCHEDULES OF ASSETS AND LIABILITIES AND RULE 2015.3 REPORTS; AND 
(VI) GRANTING RELATED RELIEF 
Upon the motion (the “Motion”)2 of the debtors and debtors in possession 
(collectively, the “Debtors”) in the above-captioned cases for entry of an order (this “Order”), 
(i) scheduling the Combined Hearing; (ii) establishing the Objection Deadline; (iii) approving the 
Solicitation Procedures, the Combined Notice, the Member Notice, the Publication Notice, the 
Ballots, and the New Notes Election & Distribution Procedures Notice; (iv) approving the 
Executory Contract Procedures, including the Executory Contract Objection Deadline, 
(v) conditionally (a) directing the U.S. Trustee to not convene the Creditors’ Meeting and 
 
1  
The Debtors in these Chapter 11 Cases, along with the last four digits of their federal tax identification numbers, 
to the extent applicable, are WW International, Inc. (0273), WW North America Holdings, LLC (6141), WW 
Canada Holdco, Inc. (5680), WW.com, LLC (4196), W Holdco, Inc. (4087), WW Health Solutions, Inc. (3859), 
Weekend Health, Inc. (6812), and WW NewCo, Inc. (N/A).  The Debtors’ headquarters is located at 675 Avenue 
of the Americas, 6th Floor, New York, NY 10010. 
2  
Capitalized terms used but not otherwise herein defined shall have the meanings given to such terms in the 
Motion. 
Case 25-10829-CTG    Doc 16    Filed 05/06/25    Page 44 of 150

=== page 45 ===
 
2 
 
(b) excusing the requirement that the Debtors file SOFAs and Schedules and Rule 2015.3 Reports, 
and (vi) granting related relief, all as more fully set forth in the Motion; and due and sufficient 
notice of the Motion having been provided under the particular circumstances, and it appearing 
that no other or further notice need be provided; and this Court having jurisdiction to consider the 
Motion and the relief requested therein in accordance with 28 U.S.C. §§ 157 and 1334 and the 
Amended Standing Order of Reference from the United States District Court for the District of 
Delaware dated as of February 29, 2012; and consideration of the Motion and the relief requested 
therein being a core proceeding under U.S.C. § 157(b)(2); and this Court having authority to enter 
a final order consistent with Article III of the United States Constitution; and venue being proper 
before this Court under 28 U.S.C. §§ 1408 and 1409; and a hearing having been held to consider 
the relief requested in the Motion (the “Hearing”); and upon the First Day Declaration and the 
record of the Hearing and all the proceedings before this Court; and the legal and factual bases set 
forth in the Motion and at the Hearing having established just cause for the relief granted herein; 
and after due deliberation thereon and sufficient cause appearing therefor, it is hereby  
ORDERED, ADJUDGED AND DECREED THAT: 
1. 
The Motion is GRANTED as set forth herein. 
2. 
The Combined Hearing (at which time this Court will consider, among other 
things, the adequacy of the Disclosure Statement and confirmation of the Plan) will be held, on 
________ ________, 2025 at ___________ (prevailing Eastern Time).  The Combined Hearing 
may be continued from time to time by the Debtors without further notice other than adjournments 
announced in open court or in the filing of a notice or hearing agenda in these Chapter 11 Cases 
and providing notice of such adjourned date(s) on the electronic case filing docket.  
Case 25-10829-CTG    Doc 16    Filed 05/06/25    Page 45 of 150

=== page 46 ===
 
3 
 
3. 
Any responses or objections to the adequacy of the Disclosure Statement or 
confirmation of the Plan must: (i) be in writing; (ii) conform to the applicable Bankruptcy Rules 
and the Local Rules; (iii) set forth the name of the objecting party, the amount and nature of such 
party’s Claim or Interest, the basis for the objection and the specific grounds thereof; and (iv) be 
filed with this Court, together with proof of service, no later than 4:00 p.m. (prevailing Eastern 
Time) on June 6, 2025 (the “Objection Deadline”).  Any responses or objections to the 
assumption of Executory Contracts and Unexpired Leases must: (i) be in writing; (ii) conform to 
the applicable Bankruptcy Rules and the Local Rules; (iii) set forth the name of the objecting party, 
the basis for the objection, and the specific grounds thereof; and (iv) be filed with this Court no 
later than 4:00 p.m. (prevailing Eastern Time) on May 23, 2025 (the “Executory Contract 
Objection Deadline”).  In addition to being filed with this Court, any responses or objections must 
be served on the following parties so as to be received by such deadlines: (i) WW International, 
Inc., 675 Avenue of the Americas, 6th Floor, New York, New York 10010, Attn: Jacqueline 
Cooke, Esq. (jacquie.cooke@ww.com); (ii) proposed co-counsel for the Debtors, (a) Simpson 
Thacher & Bartlett LLP, 425 Lexington Avenue, New York, New York 10017, Attn:  Elisha D. 
Graff, Esq. (egraff@stblaw.com), Moshe A. Fink, Esq. (moshe.fink@stblaw.com), Rachael L. 
Foust, 
Esq. 
(rachael.foust@stblaw.com), 
and 
Zachary 
J. 
Weiner, 
Esq. 
(zachary.weiner@stblaw.com); (b) Young Conaway Stargatt & Taylor, LLP, Rodney Square, 
1000 North King Street, Wilmington, Delaware 19801, Attn. Edmon L. Morton, Esq. 
(emorton@ycst.com), Sean M. Beach, Esq. (sbeach@ycst.com), Shella Borovinskaya, Esq. 
(sborovinskaya@ycst.com), and Carol E. Thompson, Esq. (cthompson@ycst.com); (iii) counsel 
to any official committee appointed in the Chapter 11 Cases; (iv) counsel to the Ad Hoc Group, 
(a) Gibson, Dunn & Crutcher LLP, 200 Park Avenue, New York, New York 10166, Attn: Scott J. 
Case 25-10829-CTG    Doc 16    Filed 05/06/25    Page 46 of 150

=== page 47 ===
 
4 
 
Greenberg, 
Esq. 
(sgreenberg@gibsondunn.com), 
Matthew 
J. 
Williams, 
Esq. 
(mjwilliams@gibsondunn.com), Jason Z. Goldstein, Esq. (jgoldstein@gibsondunn.com), and 
Tommy Scheffer, Esq. (tscheffer@gibsondunn.com); and (b) Pachulski Stang Ziehl & Jones LLP, 
919 N. Market Street, 17th Floor, P.O. Box 8705, Wilmington, Delaware 19899, Attn: Laura Davis 
Jones, Esq. (ljones@pszjlaw.com) and Timothy P. Cairns (Tcairns@pszjlaw.com); (v) the Office 
of the United States Trustee for the District of Delaware, J. Caleb Boggs Federal Building, 844 
King Street, Room 2207, Lockbox 35, Wilmington, Delaware 19801, Attn: Benjamin A. Hackman, 
Esq. (benjamin.a.hackman@usdoj.gov); and (vi) any other party entitled to notice under 
Bankruptcy Rule 2002. 
4. 
Any objections not timely filed and served in the manner set forth in this 
Order shall not be considered and shall be overruled.   
5. 
The Debtors and any other parties supporting confirmation of the Plan may 
file reply briefs in response to any responses or objections to the assumption of Executory 
Contracts and Unexpired Leases, the adequacy of the Disclosure Statement, or confirmation of the 
Plan by 12:00 p.m. (prevailing Eastern Time) on June 12, 2025 or two (2) business days before the 
Combined Hearing. 
6. 
The Proposed Confirmation Schedule, as set forth below, is hereby 
approved in its entirety, and this Court hereby finds the Proposed Confirmation Schedule is 
consistent with the applicable provisions of the Bankruptcy Code and the Bankruptcy Rules. 
Case 25-10829-CTG    Doc 16    Filed 05/06/25    Page 47 of 150

=== page 48 ===
 
5 
 
Event 
Date/Deadline 
Voting Record Date 
April 30, 2025 
Commencement of Solicitation 
May 6, 2025 
Petition Date 
May 6, 2025 
Combined Hearing Notice, Notices of 
Non-Voting Status, Member Notice 
Within three (3) business days, or as soon as 
reasonably practicable, after entry of the 
Proposed Order 
Executory Contract Objection Deadline 
May 23, 2025 at 4:00 p.m.  
(prevailing Eastern Time) 
Plan Supplement Filing Deadline 
May 30, 2025 at 11:59 p.m. (prevailing 
Eastern Time) 
First Lien Credit Agreement New Notes 
Election Record Date  
June 3, 2025 
New Notes Election Period Commencement 
Date 
June 4, 2025, prior to 10:00 a.m. (prevailing 
Eastern Time) 
Plan/Disclosure Statement Objection 
Deadline 
June 6, 2025, at 4:00 p.m.  
(prevailing Eastern Time) 
Voting Deadline 
June 6, 2025, at 5:00 p.m.  
(prevailing Eastern Time) 
Deadline to File Proposed Confirmation 
Order 
June 12, 2025, at 12:00 p.m. (prevailing 
Eastern Time), or two (2) business days prior 
to the Combined Hearing 
Deadline to File Brief in Support of 
Confirmation, 
Including 
Plan/Disclosure 
Statement Replies (including, to the extent 
applicable, 
replies 
to 
any 
Assumption 
Objections) 
June 12, 2025, at 12:00 p.m. (prevailing 
Eastern Time), or two (2) business days prior 
to the Combined Hearing 
Combined Hearing 
June 16, 2025, at a time to be determined, 
subject to Court availability 
New Notes Election Deadline 
June 17, 2025, at 5:00 p.m.  
(prevailing Eastern Time) 
7. 
The Debtors are authorized to combine the notice of the Combined Hearing 
and the Objection Deadline (and related procedures) with the notice of commencement of these 
Chapter 11 Cases. 
8. 
Notice of the Combined Hearing as proposed in the Motion and the form of 
Combined Notice, substantially the form attached hereto as Exhibit 1, shall be deemed good and 
sufficient notice of the Combined Hearing and the assumption of Executory Contracts and 
Case 25-10829-CTG    Doc 16    Filed 05/06/25    Page 48 of 150

=== page 49 ===
 
6 
 
Unexpired Leases pursuant to the Plan, and no further notice need be given.  Additionally, for the 
Non-Voting Holders, the Combined Notice shall include the applicable notice of non-voting status 
for Impaired Classes that are deemed to reject the Plan and Unimpaired Classes that are deemed 
to accept the Plan, as well as a form to opt-in to the releases contemplated in the Plan (the “Opt-In 
Form”).  The Debtors shall cause the Solicitation Agent to mail a copy of the Combined Notice to 
the parties set forth in the Motion by no later than three (3) business days following the entry of 
this Order or as soon as reasonably practicable thereafter.  The notice procedures set forth in this 
paragraph comply with the requirements of the Bankruptcy Code and the Bankruptcy Rules and 
constitute good and sufficient notice of the commencement of the Chapter 11 Cases, the Combined 
Hearing, the Objection Deadline, and the procedures for objecting to the adequacy of the 
Disclosure Statement and to confirmation of the Plan, and are hereby approved. 
9. 
The Debtors are authorized to mail the Combined Notice, which shall 
include a notice of nonvoting status to the Non-Voting Holders, except for the Members, in lieu 
of sending such Non-Voting Holders a copy of the Plan or the Disclosure Statement, and the 
requirements under the Bankruptcy Rules or the Local Rules, including Bankruptcy Rule 3017(d), 
to transmit a copy of the Plan and the Disclosure Statement to Non-Voting Holders are hereby 
waived with respect to such Non-Voting Holders; provided however, that the Debtors will do so 
upon request from such parties. 
10. 
No later than three (3) business days following the entry of this Order or as 
soon as reasonably practicable thereafter, the Debtors are authorized to either electronically mail 
or hard-copy mail, where email addresses are unavailable, or the Member Notice, substantially in 
the form attached to the Motion as Exhibit 2, to the Members at the physical or e-mail addresses 
maintained in the Debtors’ books and records, in lieu of sending the Members the Combined 
Case 25-10829-CTG    Doc 16    Filed 05/06/25    Page 49 of 150

=== page 50 ===
 
7 
 
Notice, the Plan or the Disclosure Statement, and the requirements under the Bankruptcy Rules or 
the Local Rules, including Bankruptcy Rule 3017(d), to transmit a copy of the Plan and the 
Disclosure Statement to the Members are hereby waived with respect to such Members, provided 
however, that the Debtors will do so upon request from such parties. 
11. 
The Debtors are granted a waiver of the strict notice requirement with respect to 
Holders of Intercompany Claims and Intercompany Interests in Classes 5 and 6. 
12. 
The Debtors are authorized, but not directed, pursuant to Bankruptcy Rule 2002(a), 
to provide the Publication Notice of the Combined Hearing and Objection Deadline (substantially 
in the form attached to the Motion as Exhibit 3) as soon as reasonably practicable following the 
entry of this Order in the national edition of The New York Times or another world-wide and/or 
nationally-circulated newspaper and/or regional newspapers and electronically on the Debtors’ 
case information website (located at https://restructuring.ra.kroll.com/WeightWatchers/), and file 
the same on this Court’s docket, which Publication Notice shall constitute good and sufficient 
notice of the Combined Hearing and the Objection Deadline (and related procedures) to persons 
who do not otherwise receive the Combined Notice by mail. 
13. 
The Solicitation Procedures utilized by the Debtors for distribution of the 
Solicitation Packages in soliciting acceptances and rejections of the Plan as set forth in the Motion 
satisfy the requirements of the Bankruptcy Code, the Bankruptcy Rules, and the Local Rules and 
are conditionally approved pending final approval through the Confirmation Order and the rights 
of parties in interest to object to the Solicitation Procedures in connection with confirmation of the 
Plan are reserved.  
14. 
The Ballots, substantially in the forms attached to the Motion as 
Exhibit B-1,Exhibit B-2, and Exhibit B-3 are conditionally approved pending final approval 
Case 25-10829-CTG    Doc 16    Filed 05/06/25    Page 50 of 150

=== page 51 ===
 
8 
 
through the Confirmation Order and the rights of parties in interest to object to the Ballots in 
connection with confirmation of the Plan are reserved. 
15. 
The Executory Contract Procedures are conditionally approved pending 
final approval through the Confirmation Order and the rights of parties in interest to object to the 
Executory Contract Procedures in connection with confirmation of the Plan are reserved. 
16. 
The Debtors shall serve each non-Debtor party to an Executory Contract or 
Unexpired Lease that the Debtors propose to assume with the Combined Notice substantially in 
the form attached hereto as Exhibit 1. 
17. 
The procedures and assumptions used for tabulating votes to accept or reject 
the Plan as set forth in the Motion and as provided by the Ballots are conditionally approved 
pending final approval through the Confirmation Order and the rights of parties in interest to object 
to such procedures and assumptions in connection with confirmation of the Plan are reserved. 
18. 
The New Notes Election & Distribution Procedures Notice, substantially in 
the form attached to the Motion as Exhibit C, including the election procedures and the New Notes 
Election Dates, to be used for eligible Holders of First Lien Claims to elect to receive New 
Takeback Debt in the form of New Notes as set forth in the Motion is conditionally approved 
pending final approval through the Confirmation Order and the rights of parties in interest to object 
to such election procedures in connection with confirmation of the Plan are reserved. 
19. 
The Creditors’ Meeting shall be deferred unless the Plan is not confirmed 
on or before the Waiver Deadline, without prejudice to the Debtors’ rights to seek further 
extensions thereof.  The U.S. Trustee shall not be required to convene a Creditors’ Meeting 
provided that Confirmation occurs on or before the Waiver Deadline. 
Case 25-10829-CTG    Doc 16    Filed 05/06/25    Page 51 of 150

=== page 52 ===
 
9 
 
20. 
Cause exists to extend the time by which the Debtors must file SOFAs and 
Schedules and Rule 2015.3 Reports until the Waiver Deadline, without prejudice to the Debtors’ 
rights to request further extensions thereof; provided, that the requirement that the Debtors file 
SOFAs and Schedules and Rule 2015.3 Reports shall be permanently excused effective upon the 
date of confirmation of the Plan. 
21. 
Without limiting the foregoing, the Debtors may further extend the deadline 
to convene the Creditors’ Meeting and file Schedules and SOFAs and Rule 2015.3 Reports without 
filing a supplemental motion, and upon further order from this Court submitted on certification of 
counsel filed on the docket and served on the Notice Parties, with prior notice to and reasonable 
agreement of the U.S. Trustee and any official committee appointed in these Chapter 11 Cases, if 
any (which notice may be by email); provided, further, that this relief is without prejudice to the 
Debtors’ rights to request further extensions thereof by motion (including if the Debtors, the 
U.S. Trustee, and any official committee appointed in these cases, if any, are unable to reach 
agreement pursuant to the preceding proviso). 
22. 
Notwithstanding any provision in the Bankruptcy Rules to the contrary, 
(i) the terms of this Order shall be immediately effective and enforceable upon its entry; (ii) the 
Debtors are not subject to any stay in the implementation, enforcement or realization of relief 
granted in this Order and (iii) the Debtors may, in their discretion and without further delay, take 
any action and perform any act authorized under this Order. 
23. 
Notice of the Motion as provided therein shall be deemed good and 
sufficient notice of such Motion. 
24. 
The Debtors are authorized and empowered to take all actions necessary or 
appropriate to implement the relief granted in this Order in accordance with the Motion. 
Case 25-10829-CTG    Doc 16    Filed 05/06/25    Page 52 of 150

=== page 53 ===
 
10 
 
25. 
Nothing in the Motion or this Order waives or modifies the requirements of 
the Restructuring Support Agreement, including, without limitation, the consent and consultation 
rights contained therein. 
26. 
Notwithstanding anything to the contrary contained herein, any payment to 
be made hereunder, and any authorization contained herein, shall be subject to any interim and 
final orders, as applicable, approving the use of such cash collateral and/or the Debtors’ entry into 
any postpetition financing facilities or credit agreements, and any budgets in connection therewith 
governing any such postpetition financing and/or use of cash collateral (each such order, a “Cash 
Collateral Order”).  To the extent there is any inconsistency between the terms of a Cash Collateral 
Order and any action taken or proposed to be taken hereunder, the terms of the Cash Collateral 
Order shall control. 
27. 
This Court shall retain jurisdiction with respect to all matters arising from 
or related to the interpretation or implementation of this Order. 
28. 
All time periods set forth in this Order shall be calculated in accordance 
with Bankruptcy Rule 9006(a). 
 
Case 25-10829-CTG    Doc 16    Filed 05/06/25    Page 53 of 150

=== page 54 ===
 
 
EXHIBIT 1 TO ORDER 
Proposed Combined Notice 
Case 25-10829-CTG    Doc 16    Filed 05/06/25    Page 54 of 150

=== page 55 ===
 
 
IN THE UNITED STATES BANKRUPTCY COURT 
FOR THE DISTRICT OF DELAWARE 
 
In re: 
 
WW INTERNATIONAL, INC., et al.,1 
 
Debtors. 
 
  
Chapter 11 
 
Case No. 25-[__] (   ) 
 
(Jointly Administered) 
 
Ref Docket No. ____ 
 
 
PLEASE BE ADVISED THAT ARTICLE XI OF THE PLAN CONTAINS CERTAIN 
RELEASE, EXCULPATION, AND INJUNCTION PROVISIONS, INCLUDING 
THOSE SET FORTH BELOW.  YOU ARE ADVISED AND ENCOURAGED TO 
CAREFULLY REVIEW AND CONSIDER THE PLAN, INCLUDING THE RELEASE, 
EXCULPATION, AND INJUNCTION PROVISIONS SET FORTH IN ARTICLE XI 
OF THE PLAN, AS YOUR RIGHTS MIGHT BE AFFECTED.  HOLDERS OF 
CLAIMS WHO ARE UNIMPAIRED BUT DO NOT TIMELY OPT IN TO THE 
RELEASES BY SUBMITTING THE OPT-IN ELECTION FORM ATTACHED 
HEREWITH MAY NOT PROVIDE OR RECEIVE SUCH RELEASES.  HOLDERS OF 
CLAIMS OR INTERESTS WHO ARE DEEMED TO REJECT THE PLAN BUT DO 
NOT TIMELY OPT IN TO THE RELEASES BY SUBMITTING THE OPT-IN 
ELECTION FORM ATTACHED HEREWITH MAY NOT PROVIDE OR RECEIVE 
SUCH RELEASES.  HOLDERS OF CLAIMS ENTITLED TO VOTE TO ACCEPT 
OR REJECT THE PLAN THAT DO NOT TIMELY OPT IN TO THE RELEASES BY 
SUBMITTING THE OPT-IN ELECTION ON THEIR RESPECTIVE BALLOTS MAY 
NOT PROVIDE OR RECEIVE SUCH RELEASES. 
 
1  
The Debtors in these Chapter 11 Cases, along with the last four digits of their federal tax identification numbers, 
to the extent applicable, are WW International, Inc. (0273), WW North America Holdings, LLC (6141), WW 
Canada Holdco, Inc. (5680), WW.com, LLC (4196), W Holdco, Inc. (4087), WW Health Solutions, Inc. (3859), 
Weekend Health, Inc. (6812), and WW NewCo, Inc. (N/A).  The Debtors’ headquarters is located at 675 Avenue 
of the Americas, 6th Floor, New York, NY 10010. 
Case 25-10829-CTG    Doc 16    Filed 05/06/25    Page 55 of 150

=== page 56 ===
 
 
2 
 
NOTICE OF (I) COMMENCEMENT OF CHAPTER 11 CASES UNDER CHAPTER 11 
OF THE BANKRUPTCY CODE, (II) COMBINED HEARING TO CONSIDER 
(A) ADEQUACY OF THE DISCLOSURE STATEMENT AND (B) CONFIRMATION OF 
THE PLAN, (III) ASSUMPTION OF EXECUTORY CONTRACTS AND UNEXPIRED 
LEASES AND (IV) OBJECTION DEADLINES, [(V)  NOTICE OF NON-VOTING 
STATUS OF HOLDERS OF IMPAIRED CLAIMS OR INTERESTS DEEMED TO 
REJECT THE PLAN AND UNIMPAIRED CLAIMS OR INTERESTS DEEMED TO 
ACCEPT THE PLAN AND (VI) OPT-IN ELECTION FORM FOR HOLDERS IN 
NON-VOTING CLASSES]2 
 
-AND- 
 
SUMMARY OF THE PLAN 
NOTICE IS HEREBY GIVEN as follows: 
1. 
On May 6, 2025 (the “Petition Date”), WW International, Inc. 
(“WeightWatchers”) and its affiliated debtors and debtors in possession (collectively, 
the “Debtors”) each commenced a case under chapter 11 (collectively, the “Chapter 11 Cases”) of 
title 11 of the United States Code, 11 U.S.C. §§ 101–1532 (the “Bankruptcy Code”) in the United 
States Bankruptcy Court for the District of Delaware (the “Court”). 
2. 
On the Petition Date, the Debtors filed a joint “prepackaged” plan of 
reorganization [Docket No. [●]] (the “Plan”) and a proposed disclosure statement [Docket No. [●]] 
(the “Disclosure Statement”) pursuant to sections 1125 and 1126 of the Bankruptcy Code.  
Solicitation of the Plan commenced prior to the filing of these Chapter 11 Cases on May 6, 2025.  
Copies of the Plan, the Disclosure Statement, and related documents may be obtained free of 
charge by visiting the website maintained by the Debtors’ notice, claims and solicitation agent, 
Kroll 
Restructuring 
Administration 
LLC 
(“Kroll” 
or 
the “Solicitation 
Agent”), 
at 
https://restructuring.ra.kroll.com/WeightWatchers/ or by contacting the Debtors’ proposed 
counsel (Debbie Laskin, paralegal, tel: 302-571-6600; dlaskin@ycst.com).  You may also obtain 
copies of any pleadings filed in these Chapter 11 Cases for a fee via PACER at: 
https://www.deb.uscourts.gov.  Capitalized terms used but not defined herein have the meanings 
ascribed to such terms in the Plan or the Disclosure Statement, as applicable. 
3. 
The Plan contemplates, among other things, a comprehensive financial 
restructuring of the Company that will reduce the Company’s outstanding funded indebtedness by 
approximately $1.15 billion and annual interest expense by approximately $50 million.  The 
restructuring contemplated by the Restructuring Support Agreement and the Plan will allow the 
Company to significantly strengthen its financial foundation, further invest in its growth strategy, 
and better serve its millions of members around the world.  
4. 
Critically, as this restructuring is a pure “balance sheet restructuring,” the 
Company does not expect the transactions set forth in the Plan to have any impact on the 
 
2 Solicitation Agent to tailor to recipient, as applicable. 
Case 25-10829-CTG    Doc 16    Filed 05/06/25    Page 56 of 150

=== page 57 ===
 
 
3 
 
Company’s valued customers (typically referred to as members or subscribers), product offerings, 
programming, vendors, employees or operations.  Key components of the Plan are as follows: 
• Holders of First Lien Claims shall receive their pro rata share, of (i) the New Takeback 
Debt, provided that the New Term Loans Creditors shall receive the New Term Loans and 
the New Notes Creditors shall receive the New Notes; and (ii) subject to the proviso in the 
next sentence, 91% of the New Common Equity, subject to dilution by the MIP.  Under 
the Bankruptcy Code, the Holders of First Lien Claims are entitled to 100% of the New 
Common Equity, but the Holders of the First Lien Claims, by entering into the 
Restructuring Support Agreement, have agreed to voluntarily reallocate 9% of the New 
Common Equity (pre-dilution from the MIP) to Holders of Existing Equity Interests 
(the “Initial Reallocation”); provided that, if the Milestones set forth in the Restructuring 
Support Agreement have not been met (other than as a result of the breach of the 
Restructuring Support Agreement by the Consenting Creditors), the 9% of New Common 
Equity (pre-dilution from the MIP) voluntarily reallocated to the Holders of the Existing 
Equity Interests shall be automatically forfeited to the Holders of First Lien Claims, who 
shall then receive 100% of the New Common Equity on a pro rata basis on the Effective 
Date (the “Subsequent Reallocation”). 
• Holders of Existing Equity Interests shall have all Existing Equity Interests cancelled, 
released, and extinguished and of no further force and effect and the Holders of Existing 
Equity Interests shall be voluntarily allocated 9% of the New Common Equity on a pro 
rata basis (pre-dilution from the MIP), from New Common Equity that the Holders of the 
First Lien Claims would otherwise be entitled to under the Bankruptcy Code pursuant to 
the Initial Reallocation;  provided that, if the Milestones set forth in the Restructuring 
Support Agreement have not been met (other than as a result of the breach of the 
Restructuring Support Agreement by the Consenting Creditors), the 9% of New Common 
Equity voluntarily reallocated to the Holders of the Existing Equity Interests shall be 
automatically forfeited to the Holders of First Lien Claims, who shall then receive 100% 
of the New Common Equity (pre-dilution from the MIP) on a pro rata basis on the 
Effective Date, pursuant to the Subsequent Reallocation.  
• All Allowed Administrative Claims, Allowed Priority Tax Claims, and Allowed Other 
Priority Claims shall be paid in full in Cash or receive such other treatment that renders 
such Claims Unimpaired. 
• With the consent of the Required Consenting Creditors (not to be unreasonably withheld), 
All Allowed Other Secured Claims shall be paid in full in Cash or receive such other 
treatment that renders such Claims Unimpaired 
• All outstanding and undisputed General Unsecured Claims will be Unimpaired by the 
restructuring transactions contemplated by the Plan unless otherwise agreed to by the 
Debtors and the Holder of such General Unsecured Claim with the consent of the Required 
Consenting Creditors (not to be unreasonably withheld). 
• Each Intercompany Claim and each Intercompany Interest, at the option of the Debtors, 
with the consent of the Required Consenting Creditors (not to be unreasonably withheld), 
shall be (i) Unimpaired and Reinstated or (ii) Impaired and canceled and released without 
any distribution. 
• The Plan includes customary releases and exculpatory and injunctive protection, including 
consensual third-party releases in favor of the Released Parties, which includes the 
Case 25-10829-CTG    Doc 16    Filed 05/06/25    Page 57 of 150

=== page 58 ===
 
 
4 
 
Debtors, the Reorganized Debtors, the Agents, the Consenting Creditors, all Holders of 
Claims and Interests that elect to opt in to the Third-Party Releases set forth in the Plan, 
and each Related Party of the foregoing parties, provided that that in each case, an Entity 
or Person shall not be a Released Party if it timely files with the Bankruptcy Court on the 
docket of the Chapter 11 Cases an objection to the third-party releases contained in the 
Plan that is not withdrawn or otherwise resolved before Confirmation. 
5. 
[PLEASE TAKE FURTHER NOTICE that, because of the nature and 
treatment of your Claim or Interest under the Plan, you are not entitled to vote on the Plan.  
Specifically, under the terms of the Plan, you are a Holder of a Claim or Interest (as currently 
asserted against the Debtors) that is in a Class that is either Impaired and conclusively deemed to 
have rejected the Plan or Unimpaired and conclusively deemed to have accepted the Plan.  Thus, 
pursuant to section 1126(g) of the Bankruptcy Code, you are not entitled to vote on the Plan.]3 
I. 
HEARING TO CONSIDER ADEQUACY OF DISCLOSURE STATEMENT, 
CONFIRMATION OF THE PLAN, AND ASSUMPTION OF EXECUTORY 
CONTRACTS AND UNEXPIRED LEASES 
6. 
A combined hearing to consider adequacy of the Disclosure Statement, 
confirmation of the Plan, the assumption of Executory Contracts and Unexpired Leases, any 
objections to any of the foregoing and any other matter that may properly come before the Court, 
will be held before the Honorable [_______], United States Bankruptcy Judge, in Courtroom No. 
[__] of the United States Bankruptcy Court, 824 North Market Street, [__]th Floor, Wilmington, 
Delaware 19801, on __________ ____, 2025 at ___________ __.m. (prevailing Eastern Time) or 
as soon thereafter as counsel may be heard (the “Combined Hearing”).  The Combined Hearing 
may be adjourned from time to time without further notice other than adjournments announced in 
open court or in the filing of a notice or hearing agenda in these Chapter 11 Cases, and will be 
available on the electronic case filing docket and the Solicitation Agent’s website at 
https://restructuring.ra.kroll.com/WeightWatchers/. 
7. 
Any responses or objections to the Disclosure Statement and/or the Plan 
must (i) be in writing; (ii) conform to the applicable Federal Rules of Bankruptcy Procedure 
(the “Bankruptcy Rules”) and the Local Rules of the United States Bankruptcy Court for the 
District of Delaware (the “Local Rules”); (iii) set forth the name of the objecting party, the basis 
for the objection and the specific grounds thereof; and (iv) be filed with the Court, no later than 
4:00 p.m. (prevailing Eastern Time) on June 6, 2025.  In addition to being filed with the Court, 
any responses or objections must be served on the following parties (collectively, the “Notice 
Parties”) so as to be received by such deadline: 
a) 
Proposed co-counsel for the Debtors, (a) Simpson Thacher & Bartlett LLP, 425 
Lexington Avenue, New York, New York 10017, Attn:  Elisha D. Graff, Esq. 
(egraff@stblaw.com), Moshe A. Fink, Esq. (moshe.fink@stblaw.com), Rachael L. 
Foust, Esq. (rachael.foust@stblaw.com), and Zachary J. Weiner, Esq. 
(zachary.weiner@stblaw.com); (b) Young Conaway Stargatt & Taylor, LLP, 
Rodney Square, 1000 North King Street, Wilmington, Delaware 19801, Attn. 
 
3  
Solicitation Agent to tailor to recipient, as applicable. 
Case 25-10829-CTG    Doc 16    Filed 05/06/25    Page 58 of 150

=== page 59 ===
 
 
5 
 
Edmon L. Morton, Esq. (emorton@ycst.com), Sean M. Beach, Esq. 
(sbeach@ycst.com), Shella Borovinskaya, Esq. (sborovinskaya@ycst.com), and 
Carol E. Thompson, Esq. (cthompson@ycst.com); 
b) 
the Office of the United States Trustee for the District of Delaware, 844 North King 
Street, Suite 2207, Lockbox 35, Wilmington, Delaware 19801, Attn: Benjamin A. 
Hackman, Esq. (benjamin.a.hackman@usdoj.gov);  
c) 
counsel to the Ad Hoc Group, (a) Gibson, Dunn & Crutcher LLP, 200 Park Avenue, 
New 
York, 
New 
York 
10166, 
Attn: 
Scott 
J. 
Greenberg, 
Esq. 
(sgreenberg@gibsondunn.com), 
Matthew 
J. 
Williams, 
Esq. 
(mjwilliams@gibsondunn.com), 
Jason 
Z. 
Goldstein, 
Esq. 
(jgoldstein@gibsondunn.com), 
and 
Tommy 
Scheffer, 
Esq. 
(tscheffer@gibsondunn.com); and (b) Pachulski Stang Ziehl & Jones LLP, 919 N. 
Market Street, 17th Floor, P.O. Box 8705, Wilmington, Delaware 19899, 
Attn: Laura Davis Jones, Esq. (ljones@pszjlaw.com) and Timothy P. Cairns 
(Tcairns@pszjlaw.com); 
d) 
counsel to any statutory committee appointed in these Chapter 11 Cases; and 
e) 
any other party entitled to notice under Bankruptcy Rule 2002. 
UNLESS A RESPONSE OR AN OBJECTION IS TIMELY SERVED AND FILED IN 
ACCORDANCE WITH THIS NOTICE, IT SHALL NOT BE CONSIDERED BY THE 
COURT. 
 
YOU ARE ADVISED TO CAREFULLY REVIEW AND CONSIDER THE PLAN, 
INCLUDING THE RELEASE, EXCULPATION, DISCHARGE, AND INJUNCTION 
PROVISIONS IN ARTICLE XI OF THE PLAN, AS YOUR RIGHTS MIGHT BE 
AFFECTED. 
 
II. 
NOTICE TO COUNTERPARTIES TO EXECUTORY CONTRACTS AND 
UNEXPIRED LEASES 
8. 
 You or one of your affiliates may be a counterparty to one or more contracts 
or leases that may be an Executory Contract or Unexpired Lease with one or more of the Debtors.  
Except as otherwise provided in the Plan, as of the Effective Date, the Debtors shall be deemed to 
have assumed each Executory Contract and Unexpired Lease to which it is a party in 
accordance with, and subject to, the provisions and requirements of sections 365 and 1123 of 
the Bankruptcy Code, without the need for any further notice or action, order or approval of the 
Court, unless such Executory Contract or Unexpired Lease: (1) was assumed or rejected previously 
by such Debtor; (2) expired or terminated pursuant to its own terms prior to the Effective Date; or 
(3) is the subject of a motion to reject filed on or before the Effective Date. 
9. 
Entry of the Confirmation Order shall constitute a Bankruptcy Court order 
approving the assumptions or assumption and assignment, as applicable, of such Executory 
Contracts or Unexpired Leases as provided for in the Plan, pursuant to sections 365(a) and 1123 
Case 25-10829-CTG    Doc 16    Filed 05/06/25    Page 59 of 150

=== page 60 ===
 
 
6 
 
of the Bankruptcy Code effective as of the Effective Date.  Each Executory Contract or Unexpired 
Lease assumed pursuant to the Plan or by Bankruptcy Court order but not assigned to a third party 
before the Effective Date shall re-vest in and be fully enforceable by the applicable contracting 
Reorganized Debtor in accordance with its terms, except as such terms may have been modified 
by the provisions of the Plan or any order of the Bankruptcy Court authorizing and providing for 
its assumption under applicable federal law. 
10. 
ANY COUNTERPARTY TO AN EXECUTORY CONTRACT OR 
UNEXPIRED LEASE THAT DOES NOT TIMELY OBJECT TO THE PROPOSED 
ASSUMPTION OF SUCH EXECUTORY CONTRACT OR UNEXPIRED LEASE BY THE 
EXECUTORY CONTRACT OBJECTION DEADLINE WILL BE DEEMED TO HAVE 
CONSENTED TO SUCH ASSUMPTION.  ANY PROOFS OF CLAIM FILED WITH 
RESPECT TO AN EXECUTORY CONTRACT OR UNEXPIRED LEASE THAT HAS 
BEEN ASSUMED SHALL BE DEEMED DISALLOWED AND EXPUNGED, WITHOUT 
FURTHER NOTICE TO OR ACTION, ORDER OR APPROVAL OF THE COURT. 
11. 
Objections to the Assumption of Executory Contracts and Unexpired 
Leases: If you believe any further amounts are due as a result of a Debtor’s monetary default under 
an Executory Contract or Unexpired Lease or you wish to object to the assumption of an Executory 
Contract or Unexpired Lease under the Plan, including an objection regarding the ability of the 
Reorganized Debtors to provide “adequate assurance of future performance” (within the meaning 
of section 365 of the Bankruptcy Code) (each, an “Assumption Objection”), you may assert an 
Assumption Objection against the Debtor or Reorganized Debtors, as applicable, subject to all 
defenses the Debtors or Reorganized Debtors may have with respect to such Assumption 
Objection.  Your response or objection to the assumption of an Executory Contract or Unexpired 
Lease must: (a) be in writing; (b) conform to the applicable Federal Rules and the Local Rules; 
(c) set forth the name of the objecting party, the basis for the objection, and the specific grounds 
thereof and (iv) be filed with the Court and served on the Notice Parties so as to be received by 
May 23, 2025 at 4:00 p.m. (prevailing Eastern Time) (or such other date as may be established 
by the Court) (the “Executory Contract Objection Deadline”).  Any counterparty to an assumed 
Executory Contract or Unexpired Lease that fails to timely object to the proposed assumption of 
such Executory Contract or Unexpired Lease, including an objection regarding the ability of the 
Reorganized Debtors to provide “adequate assurance of future performance” (within the meaning 
of section 365 of the Bankruptcy Code), prior to the Executory Contract Objection Deadline 
(i) shall be deemed to have assented to such proposed assumption and shall be deemed to have 
forever released and waived such Assumption Objection and shall be precluded from being heard 
at the Confirmation Hearing with respect to such objection; and (ii) shall be forever barred from 
imposing or charging against any Reorganized Debtor any accelerations, increases or any other 
fees as a result of any assumption pursuant to the Plan.  For the avoidance of doubt, all rights of a 
counterparty to assert that further amounts are due as a result of a Debtor’s monetary default under 
an Executory Contract or Unexpired Lease are preserved after the Effective Date and can be 
asserted in the ordinary course of business, regardless of whether such counterparty files an 
Assumption Objection, subject to all defenses the Debtors or Reorganized Debtors may have with 
respect to such claims.  You do not need to file an Assumption Objection to preserve your claim 
after the Effective Date that further amounts are due as a result of a Debtor’s monetary default 
under an Executory Contract or Unexpired Lease. 
Case 25-10829-CTG    Doc 16    Filed 05/06/25    Page 60 of 150

=== page 61 ===
 
 
7 
 
UNLESS A RESPONSE OR AN OBJECTION IS TIMELY SERVED AND FILED IN 
ACCORDANCE WITH THIS NOTICE, IT MAY NOT BE CONSIDERED BY THE 
COURT.  
 
III. 
SUMMARY OF THE PLAN4 
12. 
As set forth above, on the Petition Date, the Debtors announced the 
consensual Plan with the Consenting Creditors, which will significantly reduce their debt.  It 
was agreed by the Debtors and the Consenting Creditors to consummate the Plan through a 
prepackaged chapter 11 filing.  The parties’ agreement significantly reduces the Debtors’ 
debt burden and annual interest expense and the Debtors believe that consummation of the 
Restructuring Transactions will allow the Company to significantly strengthen its financial 
foundation, further invest in its growth strategy, and better serve its millions of members 
around the world. 
13. 
Chapter 11 is a section of the Bankruptcy Code that allows companies 
to reorganize while continuing to operate their businesses in the ordinary course.  The filing 
is “prepackaged” and only impacts certain of WeightWatchers’ U.S. entities.  A prepackaged 
filing is advantageous, as it means that the Debtors have already reached agreement with 
lenders and noteholders regarding how the transaction should be implemented.  This not 
only ensures alignment and support among the affected parties, but also means business can 
continue without interruption in the U.S. and globally and that the Company will move 
through this process swiftly, with the goal of emerging from the court-supervised 
reorganization process in approximately 45 days, if not sooner. 
14. 
Here is what the Plan and the chapter 11 filing means for the Debtors’ 
members, vendors, and employees.  As this restructuring is a pure “balance sheet 
restructuring,” the Company does not expect the transactions set forth in the Plan to have 
any impact on the Company’s valued members, product offerings, programming, vendors, 
employees or operations. 
15. 
The table below provides a summary of the classification, description, 
treatment, and anticipated recovery of Claims and Interests under the Plan.  This information is 
provided in summary form below for illustrative purposes only and is qualified in its entirety by 
reference to the provisions of the Plan.  For a more detailed description of the treatment of Claims 
and Interests under the Plan and the sources of satisfaction for Claims and Interests, see Section 
VI of the Disclosure Statement, entitled “Summary of Certain Issues Relating to the Chapter 11 
Cases, the Plan, Voting and Election Procedures.” 
 
4  
The statements contained herein are summaries of the provisions contained in the Disclosure Statement and the 
Plan and do not purport to be precise or complete statements of all the terms and provisions of the Plan or 
documents referred to therein.  For a more detailed description of the Plan, please refer to the Disclosure 
Statement.  Capitalized terms used but not otherwise defined herein have the meanings ascribed to such terms in 
the Plan. 
Case 25-10829-CTG    Doc 16    Filed 05/06/25    Page 61 of 150

=== page 62 ===
 
 
8 
 
Class 
Status 
Entitled to 
Vote 
Estimated 
Amount 
of 
Claims in Class5 
Estimated Recovery (%) 
Class 1: 
Other Secured 
Claims 
Unimpaired 
No 
(presumed 
to accept) 
N/A 
100% 
Class 2:  
Other Priority 
Claims 
Unimpaired 
No 
(presumed 
to accept) 
N/A 
100% 
Class 3: 
First Lien  
Claims 
Impaired 
Yes 
$1,620,000,000, 
plus 
interest, 
fees, 
costs, 
charges, 
and 
other 
amounts arising under or 
in connection with the 
First Lien Claims 
34% - 57% 
Class 4: 
General 
Unsecured 
Claims 
Unimpaired 
No (deemed 
to accept) 
$38,100,000 
100% 
Class 5: 
Intercompany 
Claims 
Unimpaired 
/ Impaired 
No (deemed 
to 
accept); 
Yes 
(deemed to 
reject) 
N/A 
100% / 0% 
Class 6: 
Intercompany 
Interests 
Unimpaired 
/ Impaired 
No (deemed 
to 
accept); 
Yes 
(deemed to 
reject) 
N/A 
100% / 0% 
Class 7: 
Existing 
Equity 
Interests 
Impaired 
No (deemed 
to reject) 
80,280,308 of outstanding 
shares of Existing Equity 
Interests and any restricted 
stock units, performance 
stock units or options 
deemed to be vested on the 
Effective 
Date 
in 
accordance with the Plan 
Pro Rata share of 9% of the New 
Common Equity, subject to dilution 
by the MIP, provided that if the 
Milestones (as defined in the 
Restructuring Support Agreement) 
have not been met (other than as a 
result of the breach of the 
Restructuring Support Agreement 
by the Consenting Creditors) of the 
Restructuring Support Agreement, 
the 9% of New Common Equity 
voluntarily 
reallocated 
to 
the 
Holders of the Existing Equity 
Interests shall be automatically 
 
5  
The amounts set forth in this chart reflect the Debtors’ most current estimates of projected claim amounts. 
Case 25-10829-CTG    Doc 16    Filed 05/06/25    Page 62 of 150

=== page 63 ===
 
 
9 
 
Class 
Status 
Entitled to 
Vote 
Estimated 
Amount 
of 
Claims in Class5 
Estimated Recovery (%) 
forfeited to the Holders of First 
Lien Claims 
 
IV. 
NOTICE 
REGARDING 
CERTAIN 
RELEASE, 
EXCULPATION 
AND 
INJUNCTION PROVISIONS IN THE PLAN6 
PLEASE BE ADVISED THAT ARTICLE XI OF THE PLAN CONTAINS 
CERTAIN RELEASE, EXCULPATION AND INJUNCTION PROVISIONS, INCLUDING 
THOSE SET FORTH BELOW.  YOU ARE ADVISED AND ENCOURAGED TO CAREFULLY 
REVIEW AND CONSIDER THE PLAN, INCLUDING THE RELEASE, EXCULPATION AND 
INJUNCTION PROVISIONS SET FORTH IN ARTICLE XI OF THE PLAN, AS YOUR 
RIGHTS MIGHT BE AFFECTED. 
ARTICLE XI.D. RELEASES BY THE DEBTORS 
Notwithstanding anything contained in the Plan to the contrary, pursuant to section 1123(b) 
of the Bankruptcy Code, in exchange for good and valuable consideration, the adequacy of 
which is hereby confirmed, on and after the Effective Date, each Released Party is, and is 
deemed to be, hereby conclusively, absolutely, unconditionally, irrevocably, and forever 
released and discharged by the Debtors, the Reorganized Debtors, and their Estates, in each 
case on behalf of themselves and their respective successors, assigns, and representatives, 
 
6  
“Released Party” means, collectively each of, and in each case in its capacity as such: (i) each Debtor; (ii) each 
Reorganized Debtor; (iii) each Agent; (iv) the Consenting Creditors; (v) all Holders of Claims and Interests that 
elect to opt in to the third party releases set forth in Article XI of the Plan and (vi) each Related Party of each 
Entity or Person in clause (i) through clause (v); provided that in each case, an Entity or Person shall not be a 
Released Party if it timely files with the Bankruptcy Court on the docket of the Chapter 11 Cases an objection to 
the third party releases contained in the Plan that is not withdrawn or otherwise resolved before Confirmation. 
“Releasing Party” means, collectively each of, and in each case in its capacity as such: (i) the Released Parties; (ii) all 
Holders of Claims and Interests that elect to “opt in” to the third-party releases set forth in Article XI of the Plan; 
and (iii) each Related Party of each Entity or Person in clause (i) and clause (ii). 
“Exculpated Parties” means, collectively, and in each case in its capacity as such: (i) the Debtors; (ii) the Reorganized 
Debtors; and (iii) each Related Party of each Entity in clause (i) through (ii), provided that “Exculpated Parties” 
shall not include Holders of Existing Equity Interests. 
“Related Party” means, collectively, with respect to any Entity or Person, including each Released Party and 
Exculpated Party, such Entity or Person’s, current, former and future Affiliates, member firms and associated 
entities, and with respect to each of the foregoing, their Affiliates, current and former directors, current and former 
managers, current and former officers, current and former equity holders (regardless of whether such interests are 
held directly or indirectly), affiliated investment funds or investment vehicles, predecessors, participants, 
successors, assigns, subsidiaries, affiliates, managed accounts or funds, partners, limited partners, general 
partners, principals, members, management companies, fund advisors, employees, agents, trustees, advisory 
board members, investment fund advisors or managers, investment managers, financial advisors, attorneys, 
accountants, investment bankers, consultants, representatives, and other professionals (including, for the 
avoidance of doubt, the Ad Hoc Group Advisors). 
Case 25-10829-CTG    Doc 16    Filed 05/06/25    Page 63 of 150

=== page 64 ===
 
 
10 
 
and any and all other Entities who may purport to assert any Cause of Action, directly or 
derivatively, by, through, for, or because of the foregoing Entities, from any and all Claims 
and Causes of Action, including any derivative claims, asserted or assertable on behalf of the 
Debtors, the Reorganized Debtors, or their Estates, as applicable, whether known or 
unknown, foreseen or unforeseen, matured or unmatured, liquidated or unliquidated, fixed 
or contingent, existing or hereafter arising, in law, equity, contract, tort, or otherwise, that 
the Debtors, the Reorganized Debtors, or their Estates would have been entitled to assert in 
their own right (whether individually or collectively) or on behalf of the holder of any Claim 
against, or Interest in, a Debtor, a Reorganized Debtor, their Estates, or other Entity, based 
on or relating to, or in any manner arising from, in whole or in part, the Debtors (including 
the Debtors’ capital structure, business, management, ownership, or operation thereof), the 
purchase, sale, or rescission of any security of the Debtors or the Reorganized Debtors, the 
subject matter of, or the transactions or events giving rise to, any Claim or Interest that is 
treated in the Plan, the business or contractual arrangements between or among any Debtor 
and any Released Party, the ownership and/or operation of the Debtors by any Released 
Party or the distribution of any Cash or other property of the Debtors to any Released Party, 
First Lien Credit Agreement Claims, the Senior Secured Notes Claims, cash management 
arrangements, the assertion or enforcement of rights and remedies against the Debtors, the 
Debtors’ in- or out-of-court restructuring efforts, any avoidance actions (but excluding 
avoidance actions brought as counterclaims or defenses to Claims asserted against the 
Debtors by Released Parties other than the Consenting Creditors), intercompany 
transactions between or among a Debtor or an Affiliate of a Debtor and another Debtor or 
Affiliate of a Debtor, the Chapter 11 Cases, the formulation, preparation, dissemination, 
negotiation, or filing of the Restructuring Support Agreement and related prepetition 
transactions, the Disclosure Statement, the First Lien Credit Agreement, the Senior Secured 
Notes Indenture, the New Term Loan Documents, the New Notes Documents, the Plan 
(including, for the avoidance of doubt, the Plan Supplement), any other Definitive Document, 
or any Restructuring Transaction, contract, instrument, release, or other agreement or 
document (including any legal opinion requested by any Entity regarding any transaction, 
contract, instrument, document, or other agreement contemplated by the Plan or the reliance 
by any Released Party on the Plan or the Confirmation Order in lieu of such legal opinion) 
relating to any of the foregoing, created or entered into in connection with the Restructuring 
Support Agreement, the Disclosure Statement, the First Lien Credit Agreement and any 
facility thereunder, the Senior Secured Notes Indenture and any facility thereunder, the New 
Term Loan Documents, the New Notes Documents, the New Common Equity, the New 
Organizational Documents, the Plan, the Plan Supplement, any other Definitive Document 
before or during the Chapter 11 Cases, any preference, fraudulent transfer, or other 
avoidance claim arising pursuant to chapter 5 of the Bankruptcy Code or other applicable 
law, the filing of the Chapter 11 Cases, the solicitation of votes on the Plan, the pursuit of 
Confirmation of the Plan, the pursuit of Consummation, the administration and 
implementation of the Plan, including the issuance or distribution of debt, equity and/or 
other securities pursuant to the Plan, or the distribution of property under the Plan or any 
other related agreement, or upon any other act or omission, transaction, agreement, event, 
or other occurrence related or relating to any of the foregoing taking place on or before the 
Effective Date, other than claims or liabilities primarily arising out of any act or omission of 
a Released Party that constitutes actual fraud, willful misconduct, or gross negligence, each 
Case 25-10829-CTG    Doc 16    Filed 05/06/25    Page 64 of 150

=== page 65 ===
 
 
11 
 
solely to the extent as determined by a Final Order of a court of competent jurisdiction.  
Notwithstanding anything to the contrary in the foregoing, the releases set forth above do 
not release any post Effective Date obligations of any party or Entity under the Plan, the 
Confirmation Order, any Restructuring Transaction, or any document, instrument, or 
agreement (including those set forth in the Plan Supplement) executed to implement the 
Plan, including the New Term Loan Documents (including any amendments thereto), the 
New Notes Documents (including any amendments thereto), the New Organizational 
Documents or any Claim or obligation arising under the Plan. 
Entry of the Confirmation Order shall constitute the Bankruptcy Court’s approval, 
pursuant to Bankruptcy Rule 9019, of the release herein, which includes by reference each 
of the related provisions and definitions contained in the Plan, and further, shall constitute 
the Bankruptcy Court’s finding that the release herein is:  (i) in exchange for the good and 
valuable consideration provided by each of the Released Parties, including the Released 
Parties’ substantial contributions to facilitating the Restructuring Transactions and 
implementing the Plan; (ii) a good faith settlement and compromise of the Claims released 
hereby; (iii) in the best interests of the Debtors and all holders of Claims and Interests; (iv) 
fair, equitable, and reasonable; (v) given and made after due notice and opportunity for 
hearing; and (vi) a bar to any of the Debtors, the Reorganized Debtors, or the Debtors’ 
Estates asserting any Claim or Cause of Action released hereby. 
ARTICLE XI.E. CONSENSUAL RELEASES BY HOLDERS OF CLAIMS AND 
INTERESTS 
Except as otherwise expressly set forth in the Plan or the Confirmation Order, on and after 
the Effective Date, in exchange for good and valuable consideration, the adequacy of which 
is hereby confirmed, each Released Party is, and is deemed to be, hereby conclusively, 
absolutely, unconditionally, irrevocably and forever, released and discharged by each 
Releasing Party from any and all Claims and Causes of Action, in each case on behalf of 
themselves and their respective successors, assigns, and representatives, and any and all 
Entities who may purport to assert any Claim or Cause of Action, directly or derivatively, 
by, through, for, or because of the foregoing Entities, from any and all Claims and Causes of 
Action, including any derivative claims, asserted or assertable on behalf of any of the 
foregoing Entities, whether known or unknown, foreseen or unforeseen, matured or 
unmatured, liquidated or unliquidated, fixed or contingent, existing or hereafter arising, in 
law, equity, contract, tort, or otherwise, including any derivative claims asserted or 
assertable on behalf of the Debtors, the Reorganized Debtors, or their Estates, that such 
Entity would have been entitled to assert (whether individually or collectively) or on behalf 
of the holder of any Claim against, or Interest in, a Debtor, a Reorganized Debtor, or their 
Estates or other Entity, based on or relating to, or in any manner arising from, in whole or 
in part, the Debtors (including the capital structure, business, management, ownership, or 
operation thereof), the purchase, sale, or rescission of any security of the Debtors or the 
Reorganized Debtors, the subject matter of, or the transactions or events giving rise to, any 
Claim or Interest that is treated in the Plan, the business or contractual arrangements 
between or among any Debtor and any Released Party, the ownership and/or operation of 
the Debtors by any Released Party or the distribution of any Cash or other property of the 
Debtors to any Released Party, the First Lien Credit Agreement Claims, the Senior Secured 
Case 25-10829-CTG    Doc 16    Filed 05/06/25    Page 65 of 150

=== page 66 ===
 
 
12 
 
Notes Claims, cash management arrangements, the assertion or enforcement of rights or 
remedies against the Debtors, the Debtors’ in- or out-of-court restructuring efforts, any 
avoidance actions (but excluding avoidance actions brought as counterclaims or defenses to 
Claims asserted against the Debtors), intercompany transactions between or among a Debtor 
or an Affiliate of a Debtor and another Debtor or Affiliate of a Debtor, the Chapter 11 Cases, 
the formulation, preparation, dissemination, negotiation, or filing of the Restructuring 
Support Agreement and related prepetition transactions, the Disclosure Statement, the First 
Lien Credit Agreement, the Senior Secured Notes Indenture, the New Term Loan 
Documents, the New Notes Documents, the Plan (including, for the avoidance of doubt, the 
Plan Supplement), any other Definitive Document, or any Restructuring Transaction, 
contract, instrument, release, or other agreement or document (including any legal opinion 
requested by any Entity regarding any transaction, contract, instrument, document, or other 
agreement contemplated by the Plan or the reliance by any Released Party on the Plan or 
the Confirmation Order in lieu of such legal opinion) relating to any of the foregoing, created 
or entered into in connection with the Restructuring Support Agreement, the Disclosure 
Statement, the First Lien Credit Agreement and any facility thereunder, the Senior Secured 
Notes Indenture and any facility thereunder, the New Term Loan Documents, the New Notes 
Documents, the New Common Equity, the New Organizational Documents, the Plan, the 
Plan Supplement, any other Definitive Document before or during the Chapter 11 Cases, 
any preference, fraudulent transfer, or other avoidance claim arising pursuant to chapter 5 
of the Bankruptcy Code or other applicable law, the Filing of the Chapter 11 Cases, the 
solicitation of votes on the Plan, the pursuit of Confirmation of the Plan, the pursuit of 
Consummation, the administration and implementation of the Plan, including the issuance 
or distribution of debt and/or securities pursuant to the Plan, or the distribution of property 
under the Plan or any other related agreement, or upon any other act or omission, 
transaction, agreement, event, or other occurrence related or relating to any of the foregoing 
taking place on or before the Effective Date, other than claims or liabilities primarily arising 
out of any act or omission of a Released Party that constitutes actual fraud, willful 
misconduct, or gross negligence, each solely to the extent as determined by a Final Order of 
a court of competent jurisdiction.  Notwithstanding anything to the contrary in the foregoing, 
the releases set forth above do not release any post Effective Date obligations of any party or 
Entity under the Plan, the Confirmation Order, any Restructuring Transaction, or any 
document, instrument, or agreement (including those set forth in the Plan Supplement) 
executed to implement the Plan, including the New Term Loan Documents, the New Notes 
Documents, the New Organizational Documents or any Claim or obligation arising under 
the Plan. 
Entry of the Confirmation Order shall constitute the Bankruptcy Court’s approval, 
pursuant to Bankruptcy Rule 9019, of the release herein, which includes by reference each 
of the related provisions and definitions contained herein, and, further, shall constitute the 
Bankruptcy Court’s finding that the release herein is:  (i) consensual; (ii) essential to the 
Confirmation of the Plan; (iii) given in exchange for the good and valuable consideration 
provided by each of the Released Parties, including the Released Parties’ substantial 
contributions to facilitating the Restructuring Transactions and implementing the Plan; (iv) 
a good faith settlement and compromise of the Claims released hereby; (v) in the best 
interests of the Debtors and their Estates; (vi) fair, equitable, and reasonable; (vii) given and 
Case 25-10829-CTG    Doc 16    Filed 05/06/25    Page 66 of 150

=== page 67 ===
 
 
13 
 
made after due notice and opportunity for hearing; and (viii) a bar to any of the Releasing 
Parties asserting any Claim or Cause of Action released hereby. 
ARTICLE XI.C. EXCULPATION AND LIMITATION OF LIABILITY 
Notwithstanding anything contained in the Plan to the contrary, to the fullest extent 
permissible under applicable law and without affecting or limiting the releases in Article 
XI.D and XI.E of the Plan, effective as of the Effective Date, no Exculpated Party shall have 
or incur liability or obligation for, and each Exculpated Party is hereby released and 
exculpated from any Cause of Action for any claim related to any act or omission in 
connection with, relating to, or arising out of, in whole or in part, the Debtors (including the 
management, ownership, or operation thereof), the purchase, sale, or rescission of any 
security of the Debtors or the Reorganized Debtors, the subject matter of, or the transactions 
or events giving rise to, any Claim or Interest that is treated in the Plan, the business or 
contractual arrangements between any Debtor and any Released Party, the First Lien Credit 
Agreement Claims, the Senior Secured Notes Claims, cash management arrangements, the 
Debtors’ in- or out-of-court restructuring efforts, intercompany transactions, the Chapter 
11 Cases, the formulation, preparation, dissemination, negotiation, filing, or termination of 
the Restructuring Support Agreement and related prepetition transactions, the First Lien 
Credit Agreement and any facility thereunder, the Senior Secured Notes Indenture and any 
facility thereunder, the New Term Loan Documents, the New Notes Documents, the New 
Common Equity, the New Organizational Documents, the Disclosure Statement, the Plan, 
the Plan Supplement, or any Restructuring Transaction, contract, instrument, release, or 
other agreement or document (including any legal opinion requested by any Entity regarding 
any transaction, contract, instrument, document, or other agreement contemplated by the 
Plan or the reliance by any party on the Plan or the Confirmation Order in lieu of such legal 
opinion) relating to any of the foregoing, created or entered into in connection with the 
Restructuring Support Agreement, the First Lien Credit Agreement, the Senior Secured 
Notes Indenture, the New Term Loan Documents, the New Notes Documents, the Disclosure 
Statement, the Plan, the Plan Supplement, before or during the Chapter 11 Cases, any 
preference, fraudulent transfer, or other avoidance claim arising pursuant to chapter 5 of 
the Bankruptcy Code or other applicable law, the filing of the Chapter 11 Cases, the pursuit 
of Confirmation, the pursuit of Consummation, the administration and implementation of 
the Plan, including the issuance or distribution of debt and/or securities pursuant to the Plan, 
or the distribution of property under the Plan or any other related agreement, or upon any 
other related act or omission, transaction, agreement, event, or other occurrence taking place 
on or before the Effective Date, except for Claims related to any act or omission that is 
determined in a Final Order by a court of competent jurisdiction to have constituted actual 
fraud, willful misconduct, or gross negligence, but in all respects such Entities shall be 
entitled to reasonably rely upon the advice of counsel with respect to their duties and 
responsibilities pursuant to the Plan. This exculpation shall be in addition to, and not in 
limitation of, all other releases, indemnities, exculpations, and any other applicable law or 
rules protecting such Exculpated Parties from liability. 
The Exculpated Parties have, and upon Confirmation of the Plan shall be deemed to have, 
participated in good faith and in compliance with the applicable laws with regard to the 
solicitation of votes and distribution of consideration pursuant to the Plan and, therefore, 
Case 25-10829-CTG    Doc 16    Filed 05/06/25    Page 67 of 150

=== page 68 ===
 
 
14 
 
are not, and on account of such distributions shall not be, liable at any time for the violation 
of any applicable law, rule, or regulation governing the solicitation of acceptances or 
rejections of the Plan or such distributions made pursuant to the Plan. 
ARTICLE XI.B. DISCHARGE AND ARTICLE XI.F. INJUNCTION 
PURSUANT TO SECTION 1141(D) OF THE BANKRUPTCY CODE AND EXCEPT AS 
OTHERWISE SPECIFICALLY PROVIDED IN THE DEFINITIVE DOCUMENTS, THE 
PLAN, THE CONFIRMATION ORDER OR IN ANY CONTRACT, INSTRUMENT, OR 
OTHER AGREEMENT OR DOCUMENT CREATED PURSUANT TO THE PLAN, THE 
DISTRIBUTIONS, RIGHTS, AND TREATMENT THAT ARE PROVIDED IN THE PLAN 
SHALL BE IN COMPLETE SATISFACTION, DISCHARGE, AND RELEASE, 
EFFECTIVE AS OF THE EFFECTIVE DATE, OF CLAIMS, INTERESTS, AND CAUSES 
OF ACTION OF ANY NATURE WHATSOEVER, INCLUDING ANY INTEREST 
ACCRUED ON CLAIMS OR INTERESTS FROM AND AFTER THE PETITION DATE, 
WHETHER KNOWN OR UNKNOWN, AGAINST, LIABILITIES OF, LIENS ON, 
OBLIGATIONS OF, RIGHTS AGAINST, AND INTERESTS IN THE DEBTORS OR ANY 
OF THEIR ASSETS OR PROPERTIES, REGARDLESS OF WHETHER ANY 
PROPERTY SHALL HAVE BEEN DISTRIBUTED OR RETAINED PURSUANT TO THE 
PLAN ON ACCOUNT OF SUCH CLAIMS AND INTERESTS, INCLUDING DEMANDS, 
LIABILITIES, AND CAUSES OF ACTION THAT AROSE BEFORE THE EFFECTIVE 
DATE, ANY LIABILITY (INCLUDING WITHDRAWAL LIABILITY) TO THE EXTENT 
SUCH CLAIMS OR INTERESTS RELATE TO SERVICES THAT EMPLOYEES OF THE 
DEBTORS HAVE PERFORMED PRIOR TO THE EFFECTIVE DATE AND THAT 
ARISE FROM A TERMINATION OF EMPLOYMENT, ANY CONTINGENT OR NON-
CONTINGENT 
LIABILITY 
ON 
ACCOUNT 
OF 
REPRESENTATIONS 
OR 
WARRANTIES ISSUED ON OR BEFORE THE  EFFECTIVE DATE, AND ALL DEBTS 
OF THE KIND SPECIFIED IN SECTIONS 502(G), 502(H), OR 502(I) OF THE 
BANKRUPTCY CODE, IN EACH CASE WHETHER OR NOT (I) A PROOF OF CLAIM 
BASED UPON SUCH DEBT OR RIGHT IS FILED OR DEEMED FILED PURSUANT TO 
SECTION 501 OF THE BANKRUPTCY CODE, (II) A CLAIM OR INTEREST BASED 
UPON SUCH DEBT, RIGHT, OR INTEREST IS ALLOWED PURSUANT TO SECTION 
502 OF THE BANKRUPTCY CODE, OR (III) THE HOLDER OF SUCH A CLAIM OR 
INTEREST HAS ACCEPTED THE PLAN OR VOTED OR ABSTAINED FROM VOTING 
ON THE PLAN.  THE CONFIRMATION ORDER SHALL BE A JUDICIAL 
DETERMINATION OF THE DISCHARGE OF ALL CLAIMS AND INTERESTS 
SUBJECT TO THE OCCURRENCE OF THE  EFFECTIVE DATE.  FROM AND AFTER 
THE EFFECTIVE DATE ALL ENTITIES WILL BE PRECLUDED FROM ASSERTING 
AGAINST, DERIVATIVELY ON BEHALF OF, OR THROUGH, THE DEBTORS, THE 
DEBTORS’ ESTATES, THE REORGANIZED DEBTORS, EACH OF THEIR 
SUCCESSORS AND ASSIGNS, AND EACH OF THEIR ASSETS AND PROPERTIES, 
ANY CLAIMS OR INTERESTS BASED UPON ANY DOCUMENTS, INSTRUMENTS, 
OR ANY ACT OR OMISSION, TRANSACTION, OR OTHER ACTIVITY OF ANY KIND 
OR NATURE THAT OCCURRED PRIOR TO THE EFFECTIVE DATE.  
EXCEPT AS OTHERWISE EXPRESSLY PROVIDED IN THIS PLAN OR THE 
CONFIRMATION ORDER OR FOR OBLIGATIONS OR DISTRIBUTIONS ISSUED OR 
Case 25-10829-CTG    Doc 16    Filed 05/06/25    Page 68 of 150

=== page 69 ===
 
 
15 
 
REQUIRED TO BE PAID PURSUANT TO THE PLAN OR THE CONFIRMATION 
ORDER, ALL ENTITIES WHO HAVE HELD, HOLD, OR MAY HOLD CLAIMS OR 
INTERESTS THAT HAVE BEEN RELEASED, DISCHARGED, OR ARE SUBJECT TO 
EXCULPATION ARE PERMANENTLY ENJOINED, FROM AND AFTER THE 
EFFECTIVE DATE, FROM TAKING ANY OF THE FOLLOWING ACTIONS AGAINST, 
AS APPLICABLE, THE DEBTORS, THE REORGANIZED DEBTORS, THE 
EXCULPATED PARTIES, OR THE RELEASED PARTIES:  (1) COMMENCING OR 
CONTINUING IN ANY MANNER ANY ACTION OR OTHER PROCEEDING OF ANY 
KIND ON ACCOUNT OF OR IN CONNECTION WITH OR WITH RESPECT TO ANY 
SUCH CLAIMS OR INTERESTS; (2) ENFORCING, ATTACHING, COLLECTING, OR 
RECOVERING BY ANY MANNER OR MEANS ANY JUDGMENT, AWARD, DECREE, 
OR ORDER AGAINST SUCH ENTITIES ON ACCOUNT OF OR IN CONNECTION 
WITH OR WITH RESPECT TO ANY SUCH CLAIMS OR INTERESTS; (3) CREATING, 
PERFECTING, OR ENFORCING ANY LIEN OR ENCUMBRANCE OF ANY KIND 
AGAINST SUCH ENTITIES OR THE PROPERTY OR THE ESTATES OF SUCH 
ENTITIES ON ACCOUNT OF OR IN CONNECTION WITH OR WITH RESPECT TO 
ANY SUCH CLAIMS OR INTERESTS; (4) ASSERTING ANY RIGHT OF SETOFF, 
SUBROGATION, OR RECOUPMENT OF ANY KIND AGAINST ANY OBLIGATION 
DUE FROM SUCH ENTITIES OR AGAINST THE PROPERTY OF SUCH ENTITIES ON 
ACCOUNT OF OR IN CONNECTION WITH OR WITH RESPECT TO ANY SUCH 
CLAIMS OR INTERESTS UNLESS SUCH HOLDER HAS FILED A MOTION 
REQUESTING THE RIGHT TO PERFORM SUCH SETOFF ON OR BEFORE THE 
PLAN EFFECTIVE DATE, AND NOTWITHSTANDING AN INDICATION OF A CLAIM 
OR INTEREST OR OTHERWISE THAT SUCH HOLDER ASSERTS, HAS, OR 
INTENDS TO PRESERVE ANY RIGHT OF SETOFF PURSUANT TO APPLICABLE 
LAW OR OTHERWISE; AND (5) COMMENCING OR CONTINUING IN ANY MANNER 
ANY ACTION OR OTHER PROCEEDING OF ANY KIND ON ACCOUNT OF OR IN 
CONNECTION WITH OR WITH RESPECT TO ANY SUCH CLAIMS OR INTERESTS 
RELEASED OR SETTLED PURSUANT TO THE PLAN.  UPON ENTRY OF THE 
CONFIRMATION ORDER, ALL HOLDERS OF CLAIMS AND INTERESTS AND 
THEIR RESPECTIVE RELATED PARTIES SHALL BE ENJOINED FROM TAKING 
ANY 
ACTIONS 
TO 
INTERFERE 
WITH 
THE 
IMPLEMENTATION 
OR 
CONSUMMATION OF THE PLAN.  EXCEPT AS OTHERWISE SET FORTH IN THE 
CONFIRMATION ORDER, EACH HOLDER OF AN ALLOWED CLAIM OR 
ALLOWED INTEREST, AS APPLICABLE, BY ACCEPTING, OR BEING ELIGIBLE TO 
ACCEPT, DISTRIBUTIONS UNDER OR REINSTATEMENT OF SUCH CLAIM OR 
INTEREST, AS APPLICABLE, PURSUANT TO THE PLAN, SHALL BE DEEMED TO 
HAVE CONSENTED TO THE INJUNCTION PROVISIONS SET FORTH HEREIN. 
BINDING NATURE OF THE PLAN:  ON THE EFFECTIVE DATE, AND EFFECTIVE 
AS OF THE EFFECTIVE DATE, THE PLAN WILL BIND, AND WILL BE DEEMED 
BINDING UPON, ALL HOLDERS OF CLAIMS AGAINST AND EXISTING EQUITY 
INTERESTS IN THE DEBTORS, AND EACH HOLDER’S RESPECTIVE SUCCESSORS 
AND ASSIGNS, TO THE MAXIMUM EXTENT PERMITTED BY APPLICABLE LAW, 
NOTWITHSTANDING WHETHER OR NOT ANY SUCH HOLDER (I) WILL RECEIVE 
OR RETAIN ANY PROPERTY OR INTEREST IN PROPERTY UNDER THE PLAN, (II) 
HAS FILED A PROOF OF CLAIM OR EXISTING EQUITY INTEREST IN THESE 
Case 25-10829-CTG    Doc 16    Filed 05/06/25    Page 69 of 150

=== page 70 ===
 
 
16 
 
CHAPTER 11 CASES OR (III) FAILED TO VOTE TO ACCEPT OR REJECT THE PLAN 
OR AFFIRMATIVELY VOTED TO REJECT THE PLAN. 
 
[Remainder of Page Intentionally Left Blank] 
 
 
Case 25-10829-CTG    Doc 16    Filed 05/06/25    Page 70 of 150

=== page 71 ===
 
 
17 
 
ADDITIONAL INFORMATION AND OPT-IN ELECTION FORM FOR HOLDERS IN 
NON-VOTING CLASSES 
Non-Voting Status 
You are receiving this notice as a Holder or potential Holder of a Claim against or Interest 
in one or more of the Debtors that, due to the nature and treatment of such Claim or Interest under 
the Plan, is not entitled to vote on the Plan. Specifically, under the terms of the Plan, (i) Claims in 
Classes 1, 2, and 4 are Unimpaired under the Plan and, pursuant to section 1126(f) of the 
Bankruptcy Code, are conclusively presumed to accept the Plan; (ii) Claims in Class 5 and 
Interests in Class 6 are either Unimpaired or Impaired under the Plan and are conclusively 
presumed to accept or reject the Plan; and (iii) Interests in Class 7 are Impaired under the Plan and, 
pursuant to section 1126(g) of the Bankruptcy Code, are deemed to reject the Plan (collectively, 
Classes 1, 2, 4, 5, 6, and 7, the “Non-Voting Classes”). 
As set forth above, the Plan, the Disclosure Statement, and related documents are 
accessible, free of charge, on the following website maintained by the Debtors’ claims, balloting, 
and noticing agent, Kroll Restructuring Administration LLC (the “Solicitation Agent”): 
https://restructuring.ra.kroll.com/WeightWatchers/.  Copies of the Plan, Disclosure Statement, and 
related documents may also be obtained free of charge: (a) by contacting the Solicitation Agent by 
phone at (888) 643-6250 (U.S. / Canada, toll-free) or +1 (646) 930-6250 (International, toll); or 
(b) by email at WeightWatchersInfo@ra.kroll.com (with “WeightWatchers Solicitation Inquiry” 
in the subject line).  The Plan, Disclosure Statement, and related documents are also available for 
a fee through the Bankruptcy Court’s electronic case filing system at https://ecf.deb.uscourts.gov/ 
using a PACER password (to obtain a PACER password, go to the PACER website at 
http://pacer.psc.uscourts.gov). 
Release Opt-In Election 
As described in more detail above, Article XI of the Plan contains certain consensual 
third-party releases.  Specifically, these consensual releases will be provided by each “Releasing 
Party,” defined in the Plan to mean: collectively each of, and in each case in its capacity as such: 
(i) the Released Parties; (ii) all Holders of Claims and Interests that elect to “opt in” to the third-
party releases set forth in Article XI of the Plan; and (iii) each Related Party of each Entity or 
Person in clause (i) and clause (ii). 
This form provides you with an opportunity to elect to opt-in to the consensual releases in 
Article XI of the Plan.   
You should review the Disclosure Statement and the Plan before you make any elections 
on this form.  You may wish to seek legal advice concerning the elections available under this 
form.  Copies of the Disclosure Statement and the Plan may be found on the website of the Debtors’ 
Solicitation Agent at https://restructuring.ra.kroll.com/WeightWatchers/. 
Questions may be directed to the Solicitation Agent at (888) 643-6250 (U.S. / Canada, toll-
free) or +1 (646) 930-6250 (International, toll), or by emailing the Solicitation Agent at 
Case 25-10829-CTG    Doc 16    Filed 05/06/25    Page 71 of 150

=== page 72 ===
 
 
18 
 
WeightWatchersInfo@ra.kroll.com (with “WeightWatchers Solicitation Inquiry” in the subject 
line). 
If you wish to opt in to being a “Releasing Party” and be eligible to be considered a  
“Released Party” under Article XI of the Plan, please check the following box and complete 
this form.  Your decision on this election does not affect the amount of distribution you will 
receive under the Plan. 
The undersigned elects to (check the box below to indicate your Opt-In election): 
 
OPT IN to the Third-Party Release set forth in Article XI of the Plan 
Certifications. 
By signing this Opt-In Form, the undersigned certifies: 
(a) that, either:  (i) the undersigned is a Holder of a Claim against or Existing Equity Interests in the Debtors that 
is not entitled to vote on the Plan or (ii) the undersigned is an authorized signatory of a Holder of a Claim 
against or Existing Equity Interests in the Debtors that is not entitled to vote on the Plan; 
(b) that the Holder has received a copy of the Notice of (i) Commencement Of Chapter 11 Cases Under Chapter 
11 of the Bankruptcy Code, (ii) Combined Hearing to Consider (a) Adequacy of the Disclosure Statement 
and (b) Confirmation Of The Plan, (iii) Assumption of Executory Contracts and Unexpired Leases and 
(iv) Objection Deadlines, (v)  Notice of Non-Voting Status of Holders of Impaired Claims or Interests 
Deemed to Reject the Plan and Unimpaired Claims or Interests Deemed to Accept the Plan and (vi) Opt-In 
Election Form for Holders in Non-Voting Classes-and-Summary of the Plan and that this Opt-In Form is 
made pursuant to the terms and conditions set forth therein; 
(c) that the undersigned has submitted the Opt-In Form with respect to all of its Claims against or Existing Equity 
Interests in the Debtors; and 
(d) that no other Opt-In Form with respect to these Claims against or Existing Equity Interests in the Debtors has 
been submitted or, if any other Opt-In Forms have been submitted with respect to such Claims against or 
Existing Equity Interests in the Debtors, then any such earlier Opt-In Forms are hereby revoked. 
Case 25-10829-CTG    Doc 16    Filed 05/06/25    Page 72 of 150

=== page 73 ===
 
 
19 
 
 
Name of Holder: 
 
 
(Print or Type) 
Signature: 
 
Name of Signatory:  
(If other than the Holder) 
Title: 
 
Address: 
 
 
 
 
 
Telephone Number:  
Email: 
 
Date Completed: 
 
 
IF YOU WISH TO OPT IN TO THE THIRD-PARTY RELEASES, THE OPT-IN FORM MUST BE 
COMPLETED AND SUBMITTED, ON OR BEFORE THE OPT-IN DEADLINE OF JUNE 6, 2025 AT 
5:00 P.M. (PREVAILING EASTERN TIME), BY ONLY ONE OF THE FOLLOWING APPROVED 
SUBMISSION METHODS: 
 
First Class Mail, Overnight Courier 
or Hand-Delivery To: 
WeightWatchers Ballot Processing 
Center 
c/o Kroll Restructuring 
Administration LLC 
850 Third Avenue, Suite 412 
Brooklyn, New York 11232 
 
(to arrange hand-delivery, please 
email 
WeightWatchersBallots@ra.kroll.com 
(with “WeightWatchers Opt-In Form 
Delivery” in the subject line) at least 
24 hours prior to your arrival at the 
Kroll address above and provide the 
anticipated date and time of delivery) 
Electronic, online submission: 
To submit your Opt-In Form via Kroll’s online 
portal, please visit: 
https://restructuring.ra.kroll.com/WeightWatchers/, 
click on “Submit E-Ballot” and follow the 
instructions to submit your Opt-In Form. 
IMPORTANT NOTE: You will need the 
following information to retrieve and submit your 
customized electronic Opt-In Form: 
Unique E-Opt-In 
ID#:______________________________ 
Kroll’s online portal is the sole manner in which 
Opt-In Forms will be accepted via electronic or 
online transmission.  Opt-In Forms submitted by 
facsimile, email, or other means of electronic 
transmission will not be counted. 
Creditors who submit an Opt-In Form using 
Kroll’s online portal should NOT also submit a 
paper Opt-In Form. 
 
If you have any questions, please contact Kroll at 
(888) 643-6250 (U.S./Canada, toll-free) or +1 (646) 
930-6250 (international, toll) or 
WeightWatchersInfo@ra.kroll.com (with 
Case 25-10829-CTG    Doc 16    Filed 05/06/25    Page 73 of 150

=== page 74 ===
 
 
20 
 
“WeightWatchers Solicitation Inquiry” in the subject 
line). 
 
For all persons or entities who hold one or more positions in the Debtors’ Class 7 
Existing Equity Interests (as identified by the CUSIP and ISIN set forth below) in “street name” 
at a bank, broker, or other intermediary, through DTC or another similar depository (such 
Holders being “Beneficial Holders” of the Debtors’ Existing Equity Interests): 
CUSIP 98262P101 / ISIN US98262P1012 (Common Stock) 
By electronic, online submission: 
As a Beneficial Holder of the Debtors’ Class 7 Existing Equity Interests, you will not be issued a Unique E-Opt-
In ID# and will, therefore, not be able to retrieve and submit the customized electronic version of your Opt-In 
Form through the online portal described above.  Instead, click on the Public Equity Opt-In Portal link located on 
the 
left-hand 
Case 
Navigation 
panel 
of 
the 
Debtors’ 
restructuring 
website 
at: 
https://restructuring.ra.kroll.com/WeightWatchers to upload a PDF of your completed Opt-In Form.  For the 
avoidance of doubt, only Holders of Class 7 Existing Equity Interests, whose ownership thereof is registered in 
the Holder’s own name directly on the books and records of the Debtors and/or the Debtors’ transfer agent, will 
receive a Unique E-Opt-In ID#, which will enable them to retrieve and submit a customized electronic version of 
their Opt-In Form.  
  
 
SECTION 341(A) MEETING 
The Debtors intend to request that the Bankruptcy Court defer a meeting of creditors 
pursuant to section 341(a) of the Bankruptcy Code (the “Section 341(a) Meeting”) and that the 
Section 341(a) Meeting will not be convened if the Plan is confirmed by within 70 (seventy) 
days of the Petition Date.  If the Section 341(a) Meeting will be convened, the Debtors will file 
and serve on the parties on whom they served this notice and any other parties entitled to notice 
pursuant 
to 
the 
Bankruptcy 
Rules, 
and 
post 
on 
the 
website 
at 
https://restructuring.ra.kroll.com/WeightWatchers not less than twenty-one (21) days before the 
date scheduled for such meeting, a notice of, among other things, the date, time, and place of the 
Section 341(a) Meeting.  The meeting may be adjourned or continued from time to time by notice 
at the meeting, without further notice to creditors. 
[Remainder of Page Intentionally Left Blank]
Case 25-10829-CTG    Doc 16    Filed 05/06/25    Page 74 of 150

=== page 75 ===
 
 
 
Dated: May [●], 2025 
Wilmington, Delaware 
YOUNG 
CONAWAY 
STARGATT 
& 
TAYLOR, LLP 
 
/s/ DRAFT 
 
 
Edmon L. Morton (No. 3856) 
Sean M. Beach (No. 4070) 
Shella Borovinskaya (No. 6758) 
Carol E. Thompson (No. 6936) 
Rodney Square 
1000 North King Street 
Wilmington, Delaware 19801 
Telephone:  (302) 571-6600 
Facsimile:  (302) 571-1253 
Email: emorton@ycst.com 
sbeach@ycst.com 
sborovinskaya@ycst.com 
cthompson@ycst.com  
 
 
- and -  
 
SIMPSON THACHER & BARTLETT LLP 
Elisha D. Graff (pro hac vice pending) 
Moshe A. Fink (pro hac vice pending) 
Rachael L. Foust (pro hac vice pending) 
Zachary J. Weiner (pro hac vice pending) 
425 Lexington Avenue 
New York, New York 10017 
Telephone: (212) 455-2000 
Facsimile: (212) 455-2502  
Email: egraff@stblaw.com 
moshe.fink@stblaw.com 
rachael.foust@stblaw.com 
zachary.weiner@stblaw.com 
 
Proposed Co-Counsel to the Debtors and 
Debtors in Possession 
 
 
 
 
 
Case 25-10829-CTG    Doc 16    Filed 05/06/25    Page 75 of 150

=== page 76 ===
 
 
EXHIBIT 2 TO ORDER 
Proposed Member Notice
Case 25-10829-CTG    Doc 16    Filed 05/06/25    Page 76 of 150

=== page 77 ===
 
 
WW International, Inc. 
675 Avenue of the Americas, 6th Floor 
New York, NY 10010 
 
May 6, 2025 
VIA FIRST CLASS MAIL  
RE:  
WW International, Inc., et al.  
 
Chapter 11 Case No. 25-[____] (___)  
On May 6, 2025, WW International, Inc. (“WeightWatchers”) and certain of its affiliates 
(collectively, the “Debtors” or the “Company”) filed voluntary petitions under chapter 11 of 
title 11 of the United States Code (the “Bankruptcy Code”).  Prior to commencing the Chapter 11 
Cases, the Company entered into a restructuring support agreement (the “Restructuring Support 
Agreement”) with holders of more than 71% in the aggregate principal amount of the First Lien 
Credit Agreement Claims and holders of 74% in the aggregate principal amount of the Senior 
Secured Notes Claims (collectively, the “Consenting Creditors”), pursuant to which the Debtors 
and the Consenting Creditors agreed to a comprehensive restructuring of the Debtors’ balance 
sheet.  The Company and the Consenting Creditors agreed to implement the restructuring through 
a prepackaged chapter 11 filing in the United States Bankruptcy Court for the District of Delaware 
(the “Bankruptcy Court”) and, on the Petition Date, filed a prepackaged plan of reorganization 
(the “Plan”) with the Bankruptcy Court.1 
The Plan contemplates, among other things, a comprehensive financial restructuring of the 
Company that will reduce the Company’s outstanding funded indebtedness by approximately 
$1.15 billion and annual interest expense by approximately $50 million.  The restructuring 
contemplated by the Restructuring Support Agreement and the Plan will allow the Company to 
significantly strengthen its financial foundation, further invest in its growth strategy, and better 
serve its millions of members around the world.  
You have received this letter because you are one of WeightWatchers’ closest partners: its 
members.  Members will see no change in business or the services they receive.  As this 
restructuring is a pure “balance sheet restructuring,” the Company does not expect the transactions 
set forth in the Plan to have any impact on the Company’s valued members, product offerings, 
programming, vendors, employees or operations. 
Chapter 11 is a section of the Bankruptcy Code that allows companies to restructure their 
debt obligations while continuing to operate their businesses.  The filing is “prepackaged” and 
only impacts certain of WeightWatchers’ U.S. entities.  A prepacked filing is advantageous as it 
means the Company has already reached agreement with its lenders and noteholders regarding 
how the transaction should be implemented and the terms thereof.  This not only ensures alignment 
and support among the affected parties but also means business can continue without interruption 
in the U.S. and globally and that the Company will move through this process swiftly, with the 
 
1 Capitalized terms used but not otherwise defined herein have the meaning given to such terms in the Plan. 
Case 25-10829-CTG    Doc 16    Filed 05/06/25    Page 77 of 150

=== page 78 ===
 
2 
 
goal of emerging from the court-supervised reorganization process in approximately 45 days, if 
not sooner. 
WeightWatchers is taking this step, with the overwhelming support of its lenders and 
noteholders, to accelerate innovation, invest in its members, and lead with authority in a rapidly 
evolving weight management landscape.  At the conclusion of this process, WeightWatchers will 
have a significantly de-levered balance sheet, which will allow the Company to move forward with 
even greater resources and focus, enabling it to expand its model of care, accelerate digital 
innovation, and deliver best-in-class outcomes for its members. 
Please be advised that Article XI of the Plan contains certain release, exculpation, and 
injunction provisions.  You are advised and encouraged to carefully review and consider the 
Plan, including the release, exculpation, and injunction provisions set forth in Article XI of 
the Plan, as you may have the opportunity to opt-in to providing certain releases to the 
“Released Parties” under the Plan.   
A combined hearing to consider the adequacy of the Disclosure Statement, confirmation 
of the Plan, the assumption of Executory Contracts and Unexpired Leases, and any objections to 
any of the foregoing, will be held before the Honorable [_____], United States Bankruptcy Judge, 
in Courtroom No. [#] of the United States Bankruptcy Court, 824 N. Market Street, [__] Floor, 
Wilmington, Delaware 19801, on [____], 2025 at ____ (prevailing Eastern Time).  Any responses 
or objections to the Disclosure Statement and/or the Plan must be (i) in writing; (ii) conform to the 
applicable Federal Rules of Bankruptcy Procedure, and the Local Rules of Bankruptcy Practice 
and Procedure for the District of Delaware; (iii) set forth the name of the objecting party, the basis 
for the objection and the specific grounds thereof; and (iv) be filed with the Court, together with 
proof of service, no later than 4:00 p.m. (prevailing Eastern Time) on June 6, 2025.  
In addition to being filed with the Court, any responses or objections must be served on the 
following parties so as to be received by such deadline: 
a) 
Proposed co-counsel for the Debtors, (a) Simpson Thacher & Bartlett LLP, 
425 Lexington Avenue, New York, New York 10017, Attn:  Elisha D. 
Graff, 
Esq. 
(egraff@stblaw.com), 
Moshe 
A. 
Fink, 
Esq. 
(moshe.fink@stblaw.com), 
Rachael 
L. 
Foust, 
Esq. 
(rachael.foust@stblaw.com), 
and 
Zachary 
J. 
Weiner, 
Esq. 
(zachary.weiner@stblaw.com); (b) Young Conaway Stargatt & Taylor, 
LLP, Rodney Square, 1000 North King Street, Wilmington, Delaware 
19801, Attn. Edmon L. Morton, Esq. (emorton@ycst.com), Sean M. Beach, 
Esq. 
(sbeach@ycst.com), 
Shella 
Borovinskaya, 
Esq. 
(sborovinskaya@ycst.com), 
and 
Carol 
E. 
Thompson, 
Esq. 
(cthompson@ycst.com); 
b) 
the Office of the United States Trustee for the District of Delaware, 844 
North King Street, Suite 2207, Lockbox 35, Wilmington, Delaware 19801, 
Attn: Benjamin A. Hackman, Esq. (benjamin.a.hackman@usdoj.gov);  
Case 25-10829-CTG    Doc 16    Filed 05/06/25    Page 78 of 150

=== page 79 ===
 
3 
 
c) 
counsel to the Ad Hoc Group, (a) Gibson, Dunn & Crutcher LLP, 200 Park 
Avenue, New York, New York 10166, Attn: Scott J. Greenberg, Esq. 
(sgreenberg@gibsondunn.com), 
Matthew 
J. 
Williams, 
Esq. 
(mjwilliams@gibsondunn.com), 
Jason 
Z. 
Goldstein, 
Esq. 
(jgoldstein@gibsondunn.com), 
and 
Tommy 
Scheffer, 
Esq. 
(tscheffer@gibsondunn.com); and (b) Pachulski Stang Ziehl & Jones LLP, 
919 N. Market Street, 17th Floor, P.O. Box 8705, Wilmington, Delaware 
19899, Attn: Laura Davis Jones, Esq. (ljones@pszjlaw.com) and Timothy 
P. Cairns (Tcairns@pszjlaw.com); 
d) 
counsel to any statutory committee appointed in these Chapter 11 Cases; 
and 
e) 
any other party entitled to notice under Bankruptcy Rule 2002. 
Copies of the Plan, the Disclosure Statement, and related documents may be obtained free 
of charge by visiting the website maintained by the Debtors’ notice, claims and solicitation agent, 
Kroll Restructuring Administration LLC, at https://restructuring.ra.kroll.com/WeightWatchers/. 
Sincerely,  
 
_____________________  
Felicia DellaFortuna 
Chief Financial Officer 
WW International, Inc. 
 
Case 25-10829-CTG    Doc 16    Filed 05/06/25    Page 79 of 150

=== page 80 ===
 
 
 
EXHIBIT 3 TO ORDER 
Proposed Publication Notice 
Case 25-10829-CTG    Doc 16    Filed 05/06/25    Page 80 of 150

=== page 81 ===
 
 
IN THE UNITED STATES BANKRUPTCY COURT 
FOR THE DISTRICT OF DELAWARE 
 
In re: 
 
WW INTERNATIONAL, INC., et al.,1 
 
Debtors. 
 
  
Chapter 11 
 
Case No. 25-[__] (   ) 
 
(Jointly Administered) 
 
Ref Docket No. ___ 
 
PLEASE BE ADVISED THAT ARTICLE XI OF THE PLAN CONTAINS CERTAIN 
RELEASE, EXCULPATION, AND INJUNCTION PROVISIONS, INCLUDING THOSE 
SET FORTH BELOW.  YOU ARE ADVISED AND ENCOURAGED TO CAREFULLY 
REVIEW AND CONSIDER THE PLAN, INCLUDING THE RELEASE, 
EXCULPATION, AND INJUNCTION PROVISIONS SET FORTH IN ARTICLE XI OF 
THE PLAN, AS YOUR RIGHTS MIGHT BE AFFECTED.  HOLDERS OF CLAIMS 
WHO ARE UNIMPAIRED BUT DO NOT TIMELY OPT IN TO THE RELEASES BY 
SUBMITTING THE OPT-IN ELECTION FORM ATTACHED HEREWITH SHALL 
NOT PROVIDE OR RECEIVE SUCH RELEASES.  HOLDERS OF CLAIMS OR 
INTERESTS WHO ARE DEEMED TO REJECT THE PLAN BUT DO NOT TIMELY 
OPT IN TO THE RELEASES BY SUBMITTING THE OPT-IN ELECTION FORM 
ATTACHED HEREWITH SHALL NOT PROVIDE OR RECEIVE SUCH RELEASES.  
HOLDERS OF CLAIMS ENTITLED TO VOTE TO ACCEPT OR REJECT THE PLAN 
THAT DO NOT TIMELY OPT IN TO THE RELEASES BY SUBMITTING THE OPT-
IN ELECTION ON THEIR RESPECTIVE BALLOTS MAY NOT PROVIDE OR 
RECEIVE SUCH RELEASES. 
 
 
 
1  
The Debtors in these Chapter 11 Cases, along with the last four digits of their federal tax identification numbers, 
to the extent applicable, are WW International, Inc. (0273), WW North America Holdings, LLC (6141), WW 
Canada Holdco, Inc. (5680), WW.com, LLC (4196), W Holdco, Inc. (4087), WW Health Solutions, Inc. (3859), 
Weekend Health, Inc. (6812), and WW NewCo, Inc. (N/A).  The Debtors’ headquarters is located at 675 Avenue 
of the Americas, 6th Floor, New York, NY 10010. 
Case 25-10829-CTG    Doc 16    Filed 05/06/25    Page 81 of 150

=== page 82 ===
 
2 
 
NOTICE OF (I) COMMENCEMENT OF CHAPTER 11 CASES UNDER CHAPTER 11 
OF THE BANKRUPTCY CODE, (II) COMBINED HEARING TO CONSIDER 
(A) ADEQUACY OF THE DISCLOSURE STATEMENT AND (B) CONFIRMATION OF 
THE PLAN, (III) ASSUMPTION OF EXECUTORY CONTRACTS AND UNEXPIRED 
LEASES AND (IV) OBJECTION DEADLINES  
 
-AND-  
 
SUMMARY OF PLAN 
NOTICE IS HEREBY GIVEN as follows: 
1. 
On May 6, 2025 (the “Petition Date”), WW International, Inc. and certain 
of its affiliates (collectively, the “Debtors”) each commenced a case under chapter 11 (collectively, 
the “Chapter 11 Cases”) of title 11 of the United States Code, 11 U.S.C. §§ 101–1532 
(the “Bankruptcy Code”), in the United States Bankruptcy Court for the District of Delaware 
(the “Court”). 
2. 
On the Petition Date, the Debtors filed a joint “prepackaged” plan of 
reorganization (the “Plan”) and a proposed disclosure statement (the “Disclosure Statement”) 
pursuant to sections 1125 and 1126 of the Bankruptcy Code.  Solicitation of the Plan commenced 
prior to the filing of these Chapter 11 Cases on May 6, 2025.  Copies of the Plan, the Disclosure 
Statement, and related documents may be obtained free of charge by visiting the website 
maintained by the Debtors’ notice, claims and solicitation agent, Kroll Restructuring 
Administration 
LLC 
(the “Solicitation 
Agent”), 
at 
https://restructuring.ra.kroll.com/WeightWatchers/ or by contacting the Debtors’ proposed 
counsel (Debbie Laskin, paralegal, tel: 302-571-6600; dlaskin@ycst.com).  Capitalized terms used 
but not defined herein have the meanings ascribed to such terms in the Plan or the Disclosure 
Statement, as applicable. 
I. 
HEARING 
TO 
CONSIDER 
COMPLIANCE 
WITH 
DISCLOSURE 
REQUIREMENTS, CONFIRMATION OF THE PREPACKAGED PLAN, AND 
ASSUMPTION OF EXECUTORY CONTRACTS AND UNEXPIRED LEASES 
3. 
A combined hearing to consider adequacy of the Disclosure Statement, 
confirmation of the Plan, the assumption of Executory Contracts and Unexpired Leases and any 
objections to any of the foregoing, and any other matter that may properly come before the Court, 
will be held before the Honorable [_______], United States Bankruptcy Judge, in Courtroom No. 
[__] of the United States Bankruptcy Court, 824 North Market Street, [__]th Floor, Wilmington, 
Delaware 19801, on __________ ____, 2025 at ___________ __.m. (prevailing Eastern Time) or 
as soon thereafter as counsel may be heard (the “Combined Hearing”).  The Combined Hearing 
may be adjourned from time to time without further notice other than adjournments announced in 
open court or in the filing of a notice or hearing agenda in the Chapter 11 Cases, and will be 
available on the electronic case filing docket and the Solicitation Agent’s website at 
https://restructuring.ra.kroll.com/WeightWatchers/. 
Case 25-10829-CTG    Doc 16    Filed 05/06/25    Page 82 of 150

=== page 83 ===
 
3 
 
4. 
Any responses or objections to the Disclosure Statement and/or the Plan 
must (i) be in writing; (ii) conform to the applicable Federal Rules of Bankruptcy Procedure 
(the “Bankruptcy Rules”) and the Local Rules of the United States Bankruptcy Court for the 
District of Delaware (the “Local Rules”); (iii) set forth the name of the objecting party, the basis 
for the objection and the specific grounds thereof; and (iv) be filed with the Court, together with 
proof of service, no later than 4:00 p.m. (prevailing Eastern Time) on June 6, 2025.  In addition 
to being filed with the Court, any responses or objections must be served on the following parties 
so as to be received by such deadline: 
a) 
Proposed co-counsel for the Debtors, (a) Simpson Thacher & Bartlett LLP, 425 
Lexington Avenue, New York, New York 10017, Attn:  Elisha D. Graff, Esq. 
(egraff@stblaw.com), Moshe A. Fink, Esq. (moshe.fink@stblaw.com), Rachael L. 
Foust, Esq. (rachael.foust@stblaw.com), and Zachary J. Weiner, Esq. 
(zachary.weiner@stblaw.com); (b) Young Conaway Stargatt & Taylor, LLP, 
Rodney Square, 1000 North King Street, Wilmington, Delaware 19801, Attn. 
Edmon L. Morton, Esq. (emorton@ycst.com), Sean M. Beach, Esq. 
(sbeach@ycst.com), Shella Borovinskaya, Esq. (sborovinskaya@ycst.com), and 
Carol E. Thompson, Esq. (cthompson@ycst.com); 
b) 
the Office of the United States Trustee for the District of Delaware, 844 North King 
Street, Suite 2207, Lockbox 35, Wilmington, Delaware 19801, Attn: Benjamin A. 
Hackman, Esq. (benjamin.a.hackman@usdoj.gov);  
c) 
counsel to the Ad Hoc Group, (a) Gibson, Dunn & Crutcher LLP, 200 Park Avenue, 
New 
York, 
New 
York 
10166, 
Attn: 
Scott 
J. 
Greenberg, 
Esq. 
(sgreenberg@gibsondunn.com), 
Matthew 
J. 
Williams, 
Esq. 
(mjwilliams@gibsondunn.com), 
Jason 
Z. 
Goldstein, 
Esq. 
(jgoldstein@gibsondunn.com), 
and 
Tommy 
Scheffer, 
Esq. 
(tscheffer@gibsondunn.com); and (b) Pachulski Stang Ziehl & Jones LLP, 919 N. 
Market Street, 17th Floor, P.O. Box 8705, Wilmington, Delaware 19899, 
Attn: Laura Davis Jones, Esq. (ljones@pszjlaw.com) and Timothy P. Cairns 
(Tcairns@pszjlaw.com); 
d) 
counsel to any statutory committee appointed in these Chapter 11 Cases; and 
e) 
any other party entitled to notice under Bankruptcy Rule 2002. 
UNLESS A RESPONSE OR AN OBJECTION IS TIMELY SERVED AND FILED IN 
ACCORDANCE WITH THIS NOTICE, IT SHALL NOT BE CONSIDERED BY THE 
COURT. 
 
YOU ARE ADVISED TO CAREFULLY REVIEW AND CONSIDER THE PLAN, 
INCLUDING THE RELEASE, EXCULPATION, DISCHARGE, AND INJUNCTION 
PROVISIONS IN ARTICLE XI OF THE PLAN, AS YOUR RIGHTS MIGHT BE 
AFFECTED. 
 
Case 25-10829-CTG    Doc 16    Filed 05/06/25    Page 83 of 150

=== page 84 ===
 
4 
 
II. 
NOTICE TO COUNTERPARTIES TO EXECUTORY CONTRACTS AND 
UNEXPIRED LEASES 
5. 
You or one of your affiliates may be a counterparty to one or more contracts 
or leases that may be an Executory Contract or Unexpired Lease with one or more of the Debtors.  
Except as otherwise provided in the Plan, as of the Effective Date, the Debtors shall be deemed to 
have assumed each Executory Contract and Unexpired Lease to which it is a party in 
accordance with, and subject to, the provisions and requirements of sections 365 and 1123 of 
the Bankruptcy Code, without the need for any further notice or action, order or approval of the 
Court, unless such Executory Contract or Unexpired Lease: (1) was assumed or rejected previously 
by such Debtor; (2) expired or terminated pursuant to its own terms prior to the Effective Date; or 
(3) is the subject of a motion to reject filed on or before the Effective Date. 
6. 
Entry of the Confirmation Order shall constitute a Bankruptcy Court order 
approving the assumptions or assumption and assignment, as applicable, of such Executory 
Contracts or Unexpired Leases as provided for in the Plan, pursuant to sections 365(a) and 1123 
of the Bankruptcy Code effective as of the Effective Date.  Each Executory Contract or Unexpired 
Lease assumed pursuant to the Plan or by Bankruptcy Court order but not assigned to a third party 
before the Effective Date shall re-vest in and be fully enforceable by the applicable contracting 
Reorganized Debtor in accordance with its terms, except as such terms may have been modified 
by the provisions of the Plan or any order of the Bankruptcy Court authorizing and providing for 
its assumption under applicable federal law.  
7. 
ANY COUNTERPARTY TO AN EXECUTORY CONTRACT OR 
UNEXPIRED LEASE THAT DOES NOT TIMELY OBJECT TO THE PROPOSED 
ASSUMPTION OF SUCH EXECUTORY CONTRACT OR UNEXPIRED LEASE BY THE 
EXECUTORY CONTRACT OBJECTION DEADLINE WILL BE DEEMED TO HAVE 
CONSENTED TO SUCH ASSUMPTION.  ANY PROOF OF CLAIM FILED WITH 
RESPECT TO AN EXECUTORY CONTRACT OR UNEXPIRED LEASE THAT HAS 
BEEN ASSUMED SHALL BE DEEMED DISALLOWED AND EXPUNGED, WITHOUT 
FURTHER NOTICE TO OR ACTION, ORDER, OR APPROVAL OF THE 
BANKRUPTCY COURT. 
8. 
Objections to the Assumption or Rejection of Executory Contracts and 
Unexpired Leases: If you believe any further amounts are due as a result of a Debtor’s monetary 
default under an Executory Contract or Unexpired Lease or you wish to object to the assumption 
of an Executory Contract or Unexpired Lease under the Plan, including an objection regarding the 
ability of the Reorganized Debtors to provide “adequate assurance of future performance” (within 
the meaning of section 365 of the Bankruptcy Code) (each, an “Assumption Objection”), you may 
assert an Assumption Objection against the Debtor or Reorganized Debtors, as applicable, subject 
to all defenses the Debtors or Reorganized Debtors may have with respect to such Assumption 
Objection.  Your response or objection to the assumption of an Executory Contract or Unexpired 
Lease must: (a) be in writing; (b) conform to the applicable Federal Rules and the Local Rules; 
(c) set forth the name of the objecting party, the basis for the objection, and the specific grounds 
thereof and (iv) be filed with the Court and served on the Notice Parties so as to be received by 
May 23, 2025 at 4:00 p.m. (prevailing Eastern Time) (or such other date as may be established 
by the Court) (the “Executory Contract Objection Deadline”).  Any counterparty to an assumed 
Case 25-10829-CTG    Doc 16    Filed 05/06/25    Page 84 of 150

=== page 85 ===
 
5 
 
Executory Contract or Unexpired Lease that fails to timely object to the proposed assumption of 
such Executory Contract or Unexpired Lease, including an objection regarding the ability of the 
Reorganized Debtors to provide “adequate assurance of future performance” (within the meaning 
of section 365 of the Bankruptcy Code), prior to the Executory Contract Objection Deadline 
(i) shall be deemed to have assented to such proposed assumption and shall be deemed to have 
forever released and waived such Assumption Objection and shall be precluded from being heard 
at the Confirmation Hearing with respect to such objection; and (ii) shall be forever barred from 
imposing or charging against any Reorganized Debtor any accelerations, increases or any other 
fees as a result of any assumption pursuant to the Plan.  For the avoidance of doubt, all rights of a 
counterparty to assert that further amounts are due as a result of a Debtor’s monetary default under 
an Executory Contract or Unexpired Lease are preserved after the Effective Date and can be 
asserted in the ordinary course of business, regardless of whether such counterparty files an 
Assumption Objection, subject to all defenses the Debtors or Reorganized Debtors may have with 
respect to such claims.  You do not need to file an Assumption Objection to preserve your claim 
after the Effective Date that further amounts are due as a result of a Debtor’s monetary default 
under an Executory Contract or Unexpired Lease.  
UNLESS A RESPONSE OR AN OBJECTION IS TIMELY SERVED AND FILED IN 
ACCORDANCE WITH THIS NOTICE, IT MAY NOT BE CONSIDERED BY THE 
COURT.  
 
III. 
NOTICE 
REGARDING 
CERTAIN 
RELEASE, 
EXCULPATION 
AND 
INJUNCTION PROVISIONS IN THE PLAN 
PLEASE BE ADVISED THAT ARTICLE XI OF THE PLAN CONTAINS CERTAIN 
RELEASE, EXCULPATION, AND INJUNCTION PROVISIONS.  YOU ARE ADVISED 
AND ENCOURAGED TO CAREFULLY REVIEW AND CONSIDER THE PLAN, 
INCLUDING THE RELEASE, EXCULPATION AND INJUNCTION PROVISIONS SET 
FORTH IN ARTICLE XI OF THE PLAN, AS YOUR RIGHTS MIGHT BE AFFECTED. 
BINDING NATURE OF THE PLAN: ON THE EFFECTIVE DATE, AND EFFECTIVE AS 
OF THE EFFECTIVE DATE, THE PLAN WILL BIND, AND WILL BE DEEMED 
BINDING UPON, ALL HOLDERS OF CLAIMS AGAINST AND EXISTING EQUITY 
INTERESTS IN THE DEBTORS, AND EACH HOLDER’S RESPECTIVE SUCCESSORS 
AND ASSIGNS, TO THE MAXIMUM EXTENT PERMITTED BY APPLICABLE LAW, 
NOTWITHSTANDING WHETHER OR NOT ANY SUCH HOLDER (I) WILL RECEIVE 
OR RETAIN ANY PROPERTY OR INTEREST IN PROPERTY UNDER THE PLAN, 
(II) HAS FILED A PROOF OF CLAIM OR EXISTING EQUITY INTEREST IN THESE 
CHAPTER 11 CASES OR (III) FAILED TO VOTE TO ACCEPT OR REJECT THE PLAN 
OR AFFIRMATIVELY VOTED TO REJECT THE PLAN. 
IF YOU HAVE ANY QUESTIONS ABOUT WHETHER YOU HAVE A CLAIM AGAINST 
A DEBTOR, PLEASE CONTACT THE SOLICITATION AGENT AT (888) 643-6250 
(U.S./CANADA, TOLL-FREE) OR +1 (646) 930-6250 (INTERNATIONAL, TOLL) OR 
EMAIL PROPOSED COUNSEL FOR THE DEBTORS:  (i) Elisha D. Graff, Esq. 
(egraff@stblaw.com), Moshe A. Fink, Esq. (moshe.fink@stblaw.com), Rachael L. Foust, 
Esq. 
(rachael.foust@stblaw.com), 
and 
Zachary 
J. 
Weiner, 
Esq. 
Case 25-10829-CTG    Doc 16    Filed 05/06/25    Page 85 of 150

=== page 86 ===
 
6 
 
(zachary.weiner@stblaw.com); (ii) Young Conaway Stargatt & Taylor, LLP, Rodney 
Square, 1000 North King Street, Wilmington, Delaware 19801; Attn. Edmon L. Morton, Esq. 
(emorton@ycst.com), Sean M. Beach, Esq. (sbeach@ycst.com), Shella Borovinskaya, Esq. 
(sborovinskaya@ycst.com); and Carol E. Thompson, Esq. (cthompson@ycst.com). 
 
[Remainder of page intentionally left blank.] 
Case 25-10829-CTG    Doc 16    Filed 05/06/25    Page 86 of 150

=== page 87 ===
 
 
EXHIBIT B-1 
Form of Class 3 Ballot (General) 
Case 25-10829-CTG    Doc 16    Filed 05/06/25    Page 87 of 150

=== page 88 ===
 
 
NO PERSON HAS BEEN AUTHORIZED TO GIVE ANY INFORMATION OR ADVICE, OR TO 
MAKE ANY REPRESENTATION, OTHER THAN WHAT IS INCLUDED IN THE MATERIALS 
MAILED WITH THIS BALLOT. 
IMPORTANT:  NO CHAPTER 11 CASES HAVE BEEN COMMENCED AS OF THE DATE OF 
THE DISTRIBUTION OF THIS BALLOT.  THE DEBTORS INTEND TO FILE CHAPTER 11 
CASES AND SEEK CONFIRMATION OF THE PLAN BY THE BANKRUPTCY COURT 
SHORTLY THEREAFTER AS DESCRIBED IN GREATER DETAIL IN THE ACCOMPANYING 
DISCLOSURE STATEMENT. 
 
 
In re: 
 
WW INTERNATIONAL, INC., et al.,1 
Debtors. 
 
 
 
Chapter 11 
 
Case No. 25-_____ (   ) 
IMPORTANT: No chapter 11 case has been 
commenced as of the date of the distribution of 
this ballot.  This ballot is being distributed to you 
as a part of a prepetition solicitation of your vote 
on a prepackaged plan of reorganization.  The 
Voting 
Deadline 
is 
June 
6, 
2025 
at 
5:00 p.m. (prevailing Eastern Time). 
 
GENERAL BALLOT FOR 
ACCEPTING OR REJECTING THE DEBTORS’ 
JOINT PREPACKAGED CHAPTER 11 PLAN OF REORGANIZATION 
CLASS 3 – FIRST LIEN CLAIMS 
 
IF YOU HAVE ANY QUESTIONS REGARDING THIS BALLOT, THE VOTING 
PROCEDURES, OR ANY OF THE SOLICITATION MATERIALS YOU HAVE RECEIVED, OR 
YOU NEED TO OBTAIN ADDITIONAL SOLICITATION MATERIALS, PLEASE CONTACT 
THE 
DEBTORS’ 
PROPOSED 
NOTICE 
AND 
SOLICITATION 
AGENT, 
KROLL 
RESTRUCTURING 
ADMINISTRATION 
LLC 
(THE “SOLICITATION 
AGENT”) 
BY:  
(1) CALLING 1-(888) 643-6250  (U.S./CANADA, TOLL-FREE) OR +1-(646) 930-6250 
(INTERNATIONAL, TOLL), (2) EMAILING WEIGHTWATCHERSINFO@RA.KROLL.COM 
AND REFERENCING  “WEIGHTWATCHERS BALLOT PROCESSING” IN THE SUBJECT 
LINE, 
(3) VISITING 
THE 
DEBTORS’ 
SOLICITATION 
WEBSITE 
AT 
HTTPS://RESTRUCTURING.RA.KROLL.COM/WEIGHTWATCHERS/, AND/OR (4) WRITING 
 
1  
The Debtors in these Chapter 11 Cases, along with the last four digits of their federal tax identification numbers, 
to the extent applicable, are WW International, Inc. (0273), WW North America Holdings, LLC (6141), WW 
Canada Holdco, Inc. (5680), WW.com, LLC (4196), W Holdco, Inc. (4087), WW Health Solutions, Inc. (3859), 
Weekend Health, Inc. (6812), and WW NewCo, Inc. (N/A).  The Debtors’ headquarters is located at 675 Avenue 
of the Americas, 6th Floor, New York, NY 10010. 
Case 25-10829-CTG    Doc 16    Filed 05/06/25    Page 88 of 150

=== page 89 ===
 
 
2 
 
TO THE SOLICITATION AGENT AT THE FOLLOWING ADDRESS:  WEIGHTWATCHERS 
BALLOT PROCESSING, C/O KROLL RESTRUCTURING ADMINISTRATION LLC, 850 
THIRD AVENUE, SUITE 412, BROOKLYN, NEW YORK 11232. 
PLEASE READ AND FOLLOW THE ENCLOSED VOTING INSTRUCTIONS CAREFULLY 
BEFORE COMPLETING THIS BALLOT. 
THIS BALLOT MUST BE ACTUALLY RECEIVED BY THE SOLICITATION AGENT BEFORE 
5:00 P.M. (PREVAILING EASTERN TIME) ON JUNE 6, 2025 (THE “VOTING DEADLINE”).  
IF THE SOLICITATION AGENT DOES NOT ACTUALLY RECEIVE YOUR BALLOT BEFORE 
THE VOTING DEADLINE, AND UNLESS THE DEBTORS DETERMINE OTHERWISE OR AS 
PERMITTED BY THE BANKRUPTCY COURT, YOUR VOTE WILL NOT BE COUNTED. 
CONFIRMATION OF THE PLAN IS EXPRESSLY CONDITIONED UPON BANKRUPTCY 
COURT APPROVAL OF THE RELEASES BY RELEASING PARTIES (AS DESCRIBED 
BELOW AND LOCATED IN ARTICLE VIII OF THE PLAN), WHICH, IF APPROVED BY THE 
BANKRUPTCY COURT AND OPTED-IN TO, WOULD PERMANENTLY ENJOIN HOLDERS 
OF CERTAIN CLAIMS AGAINST THIRD PARTIES FROM ASSERTING SUCH CLAIMS 
AGAINST SUCH NON-DEBTOR THIRD PARTIES.  THE RELEASES BY RELEASING 
PARTIES, IF APPROVED AND OPTED-IN TO, WILL BIND AFFECTED HOLDERS OF 
CLAIMS IN THE MANNER DESCRIBED IN ITEM 3 OF THIS BALLOT. 
IF THE BANKRUPTCY COURT CONFIRMS THE PLAN, IT WILL BIND YOU REGARDLESS 
OF WHETHER YOU HAVE VOTED. 
PLEASE NOTE THAT IN ORDER TO MAKE THE NEW NOTES ELECTION, HOLDERS OF 
CLASS 3 FIRST LIEN CLAIMS (OR THEIR CUSTODIAN ON THEIR BEHALF) MUST ALSO 
COMPLETE APPLICABLE ELECTION PROCEDURES AS SET FORTH IN THE NEW NOTES 
ELECTION & DISTRIBUTION PROCEDURES NOTICE, THE SOLICITATION ORDER, AND 
THE DISCLOSURE STATEMENT.  PLEASE CONTACT THE SOLICITATION AGENT WITH 
ANY QUESTIONS. 
NO PERSON HAS BEEN AUTHORIZED TO GIVE ANY INFORMATION OR ADVICE, OR TO 
MAKE ANY REPRESENTATION, OTHER THAN WHAT IS INCLUDED IN THE MATERIALS 
MAILED WITH THIS BALLOT. 
This ballot (this “Ballot”) is being sent to you in connection with the Joint Prepackaged Plan 
of Reorganization of WW International, Inc. and Its Debtor Affiliates (as may be amended, modified, 
or supplemented from time to time in accordance with its terms and including all exhibits or 
supplements thereto, the “Plan”) because the records maintained indicate that you are a Holder of a 
Class 3 First Lien Claim as of April 30, 2025 (the “Voting Record Date”), and, accordingly, you may 
Case 25-10829-CTG    Doc 16    Filed 05/06/25    Page 89 of 150

=== page 90 ===
 
 
3 
 
have a right to vote to accept or reject the Plan. This Ballot may not be used for any purpose other than 
for submitting votes with respect to the Plan.  If you believe you have received this Ballot in error, 
please contact the Solicitation Agent at the email address or telephone number set forth above. 
Your rights are described in the Disclosure Statement for the Joint Prepackaged Plan of 
Reorganization of WW International, Inc. and Its Debtor Affiliates, dated May 6, 2025 (as may be 
amended, modified, or supplemented from time to time and including all exhibits or supplements 
thereto, the “Disclosure Statement”).  The solicitation procedures are described in the Debtors’ Motion 
for Entry of an Order (I) Scheduling Combined Hearing on Adequacy of the Disclosure Statement and 
Confirmation of the Plan; (II) Fixing Deadline to Object to Disclosure Statement and the Plan; 
(III) Approving Prepetition Solicitation Procedures and Form and Manner of Notice of 
Commencement, Combined Hearing and Objection Deadline; (IV) Approving Notice and Objection 
Procedures for the Assumption of Executory Contracts and Unexpired Leases; (V) Conditionally 
(A) Directing the United States Trustee not to Convene Section 341(A) Meeting of Creditors and 
(B) Waiving Requirement of Filing Statements of Financial Affairs and Schedules of Assets and 
Liabilities and Rule 2015.3 Reports; and (VI) Granting Related Relief, dated May 6, 2025 (as may be 
amended, modified, or supplemented from time to time and including all exhibits or supplements 
thereto, the “Solicitation Motion”), which was approved by the Court on [●], 2025 [Docket No. [●]] 
(the “Solicitation Order”).  The Plan and the Disclosure Statement are included in the packet you are 
receiving together with this Ballot (collectively, with a pre-addressed, postage pre-paid return 
envelope, the “Solicitation Package”).  Upon request, the Solicitation Agent will provide paper copies 
of the Plan and the Disclosure Statement at the Debtors’ expense. 
You should carefully and thoroughly review the Disclosure Statement and the Plan before 
you vote.  You may wish to seek legal advice concerning the Plan and classification and 
treatment of your Claim under the Plan. Your Claim has been placed in Class 3 under the 
Plan. 
Case 25-10829-CTG    Doc 16    Filed 05/06/25    Page 90 of 150

=== page 91 ===
 
 
4 
 
The Debtors intend to commence voluntary cases under chapter 11 of the Bankruptcy Code.  
The Plan can thereafter be confirmed by the Bankruptcy Court and thereby made binding on you if it 
is accepted by at least one impaired Class of creditors and if the Plan otherwise satisfies the applicable 
requirements of sections 1129(a) and (if not accepted by all Classes of creditors) 1129(b) of the 
Bankruptcy Code.  A Class of creditors accepts the Plan if the Holders of at least two-thirds of the 
aggregate principal amount and more than one-half in number of the Claims in such Class vote to 
accept the Plan (the “Requisite Acceptances”). 
Creditors with Claims sufficient to satisfy the Requisite Acceptances for all impaired Classes 
have signed a Restructuring Support Agreement obligating such creditors to accept the Plan.  If the 
Plan is confirmed by the Bankruptcy Court, it will be binding on you regardless of whether you vote 
to accept or reject the Plan. 
Case 25-10829-CTG    Doc 16    Filed 05/06/25    Page 91 of 150

=== page 92 ===
 
 
5 
 
YOUR COMPLETED, SIGNED, AND DATED BALLOT MUST BE ACTUALLY 
RECEIVED BY THE SOLICITATION AGENT BEFORE 5:00 P.M. (PREVAILING 
EASTERN TIME) ON JUNE 6, 2025 (THE “VOTING DEADLINE”) VIA ONE OF 
THE METHODS LISTED BELOW. 
 
IF THE SOLICITATION AGENT DOES NOT ACTUALLY RECEIVE YOUR 
BALLOT BEFORE THE VOTING DEADLINE, AND UNLESS THE DEBTORS 
DETERMINE OTHERWISE OR AS PERMITTED BY THE BANKRUPTCY COURT, 
YOUR VOTE WILL NOT BE COUNTED. 
 
PLEASE CHOOSE ONLY ONE METHOD TO RETURN YOUR BALLOT. 
(I) Online submission, through the E-Balloting Portal: 
To submit your Ballot online via Kroll’s E-Balloting Portal, please visit: 
https://restructuring.ra.kroll.com/WeightWatchers/, click on the “Submit E-Ballot” 
section of the website and follow the instructions to submit your Ballot. 
IMPORTANT NOTE: You will need the following information to retrieve and submit 
your customized electronic Ballot: 
Unique E-Ballot ID#:  
 
The E-Balloting Portal is the sole manner in which Ballots will be accepted via electronic or 
online transmission.  Ballots submitted by facsimile, email, or other means of electronic 
transmission will not be counted. 
Holders that submit a Ballot using the E-Balloting Portal should NOT also submit a paper 
Ballot. 
OR 
(II) Hard copy submission in the business reply envelope provided or otherwise by regular 
mail, overnight courier or hand delivery to: 
WeightWatchers Ballot Processing  
c/o Kroll Restructuring Administration LLC 
850 Third Avenue, Suite 412 
Brooklyn, NY 11232 
(to arrange hand-delivery, please email WeightWatchersBallots@ra.kroll.com (with 
“WeightWatchers Ballot Delivery” in the subject line) at least 24 hours prior to your arrival at 
the Kroll address above and provide the anticipated date and time of delivery) 
 
Case 25-10829-CTG    Doc 16    Filed 05/06/25    Page 92 of 150

=== page 93 ===
 
 
6 
 
Item 1. Principal Amount of Class 3 First Lien Claim(s). 
The undersigned hereby certifies that, as of the Voting Record Date, it is the Holder (or is an 
authorized signatory for a Holder) of Class 3 First Lien Claim(s) in the following aggregate unpaid 
principal amount (insert amount in box below): 
Item 2. Vote of Class 3 First Lien Claim(s). 
The undersigned Holder of the Class 3 First Lien Claim(s) set forth in Item 1 votes to (please 
check only one): 
Accept the Plan 
Reject the Plan 
YOUR VOTE ON THIS BALLOT WILL BE APPLIED TO EACH DEBTOR COMPANY 
AGAINST WHOM YOU HAVE A FIRST LIEN CLAIM. 
Item 3. Important information regarding the Releases by Holders of Claims of the Debtors, 
Exculpation and Injunction Provisions, and Option to Opt-In to Releases. 
IF YOU (I) ARE A “RELEASED PARTY” AS DEFINED IN THE PLAN; (II) OPT IN TO THE 
THIRD-PARTY RELEASES SET FORTH IN ARTICLE XI OF THE PLAN BY CHECKING 
THE BOX BELOW, OR (III) ARE A RELATED PARTY OF EACH ENTITY OR PERSON 
IN CLAUSE (I) AND CLAUSE (II), YOU SHALL BE A “RELEASING PARTY” UNDER THE 
PLAN, AND YOU WILL BE DEEMED TO HAVE CONSENTED TO THE THIRD-PARTY 
RELEASE PROVISIONS CONTAINED IN THE PLAN.  YOUR DECISION ON THIS 
ELECTION DOES NOT AFFECT THE AMOUNT OF THE DISTRIBUTION YOU WILL 
RECEIVE UNDER THE PLAN. 
The Holder of the Class 3 Claims Against the Debtors Set Forth in Item 1 Elects to (check 
the box below to indicate your Opt-In election): 
 
 
Opt In to the Third-Party Release set forth below 
The Plan contains a series of releases that are part of the overall restructuring set forth in the Plan and 
described in greater detail in the Disclosure Statement.  In that respect, parties should be aware that, 
if the Plan is confirmed and the Effective Date occurs, certain parties may be getting releases and 
 
$_____________________ 
Case 25-10829-CTG    Doc 16    Filed 05/06/25    Page 93 of 150

=== page 94 ===
 
 
7 
 
certain parties may be giving releases as set forth in Article XI of the Plan.  For your convenience, 
excerpts of the release provisions from the Plan are set forth below, however, you should carefully 
read the enclosed Disclosure Statement and Plan with respect to the releases. 
ARTICLE XI.E OF THE PLAN PROVIDES FOR A THIRD-PARTY RELEASE BY 
THE RELEASING PARTIES (THE “THIRD-PARTY RELEASE”): 
EXCEPT AS OTHERWISE EXPRESSLY SET FORTH IN THIS PLAN OR THE 
CONFIRMATION ORDER, ON AND AFTER THE PLAN EFFECTIVE DATE, IN 
EXCHANGE FOR GOOD AND VALUABLE CONSIDERATION, THE ADEQUACY 
OF WHICH IS HEREBY CONFIRMED, EACH RELEASED PARTY IS, AND IS 
DEEMED 
TO 
BE, 
HEREBY 
CONCLUSIVELY, 
ABSOLUTELY, 
UNCONDITIONALLY, IRREVOCABLY AND FOREVER, RELEASED AND 
DISCHARGED BY EACH RELEASING PARTY FROM ANY AND ALL CLAIMS 
AND CAUSES OF ACTION, IN EACH CASE ON BEHALF OF THEMSELVES AND 
THEIR RESPECTIVE SUCCESSORS, ASSIGNS, AND REPRESENTATIVES, AND 
ANY AND ALL ENTITIES WHO MAY PURPORT TO ASSERT ANY CLAIM OR 
CAUSE OF ACTION, DIRECTLY OR DERIVATIVELY, BY, THROUGH, FOR, OR 
BECAUSE OF THE FOREGOING ENTITIES, FROM ANY AND ALL CLAIMS AND 
CAUSES OF ACTION, INCLUDING ANY DERIVATIVE CLAIMS, ASSERTED OR 
ASSERTABLE ON BEHALF OF ANY OF THE FOREGOING ENTITIES, WHETHER 
KNOWN OR UNKNOWN, FORESEEN OR UNFORESEEN, MATURED OR 
UNMATURED, LIQUIDATED OR UNLIQUIDATED, FIXED OR CONTINGENT, 
EXISTING OR HEREAFTER ARISING, IN LAW, EQUITY, CONTRACT, TORT, OR 
OTHERWISE, INCLUDING ANY DERIVATIVE CLAIMS ASSERTED OR 
ASSERTABLE ON BEHALF OF THE DEBTORS, THE REORGANIZED DEBTORS, 
OR THEIR ESTATES, THAT SUCH ENTITY WOULD HAVE BEEN ENTITLED TO 
ASSERT (WHETHER INDIVIDUALLY OR COLLECTIVELY) OR ON BEHALF OF 
THE HOLDER OF ANY CLAIM AGAINST, OR INTEREST IN, A DEBTOR, A 
REORGANIZED DEBTOR, OR THEIR ESTATES OR OTHER ENTITY, BASED ON 
OR RELATING TO, OR IN ANY MANNER ARISING FROM, IN WHOLE OR IN 
PART, THE DEBTORS (INCLUDING THE CAPITAL STRUCTURE, BUSINESS, 
MANAGEMENT, OWNERSHIP, OR OPERATION THEREOF), THE PURCHASE, 
SALE, OR RESCISSION OF ANY SECURITY OF THE DEBTORS OR THE 
REORGANIZED 
DEBTORS, 
THE 
SUBJECT 
MATTER 
OF, 
OR 
THE 
TRANSACTIONS OR EVENTS GIVING RISE TO, ANY CLAIM OR INTEREST 
THAT IS TREATED IN THE PLAN, THE BUSINESS OR CONTRACTUAL 
ARRANGEMENTS BETWEEN OR AMONG ANY DEBTOR AND ANY RELEASED 
PARTY, THE OWNERSHIP AND/OR OPERATION OF THE DEBTORS BY ANY 
RELEASED PARTY OR THE DISTRIBUTION OF ANY CASH OR OTHER 
PROPERTY OF THE DEBTORS TO ANY RELEASED PARTY, THE FIRST LIEN 
CREDIT AGREEMENT CLAIMS, THE SENIOR SECURED NOTES CLAIMS, CASH 
MANAGEMENT ARRANGEMENTS, THE ASSERTION OR ENFORCEMENT OF 
RIGHTS OR REMEDIES AGAINST THE DEBTORS, THE DEBTORS’ IN- OR OUT-
OF-COURT RESTRUCTURING EFFORTS, ANY AVOIDANCE ACTIONS (BUT 
EXCLUDING AVOIDANCE ACTIONS BROUGHT AS COUNTERCLAIMS OR 
Case 25-10829-CTG    Doc 16    Filed 05/06/25    Page 94 of 150

=== page 95 ===
 
 
8 
 
DEFENSES 
TO 
CLAIMS 
ASSERTED 
AGAINST 
THE 
DEBTORS), 
INTERCOMPANY TRANSACTIONS BETWEEN OR AMONG A DEBTOR OR AN 
AFFILIATE OF A DEBTOR AND ANOTHER DEBTOR OR AFFILIATE OF A 
DEBTOR, THE CHAPTER 11 CASES, THE FORMULATION, PREPARATION, 
DISSEMINATION, NEGOTIATION, OR FILING OF THE RESTRUCTURING 
SUPPORT AGREEMENT AND RELATED PREPETITION TRANSACTIONS, THE 
DISCLOSURE STATEMENT, THE FIRST LIEN CREDIT AGREEMENT, THE 
SENIOR SECURED NOTES INDENTURE THE NEW TERM LOAN DOCUMENTS, 
THE NEW NOTES DOCUMENTS, THE PLAN (INCLUDING, FOR THE 
AVOIDANCE OF DOUBT, THE PLAN SUPPLEMENT), ANY OTHER DEFINITIVE 
DOCUMENT, 
OR ANY RESTRUCTURING 
TRANSACTION, CONTRACT, 
INSTRUMENT, 
RELEASE, 
OR 
OTHER 
AGREEMENT 
OR 
DOCUMENT 
(INCLUDING 
ANY 
LEGAL 
OPINION 
REQUESTED 
BY 
ANY 
ENTITY 
REGARDING ANY TRANSACTION, CONTRACT, INSTRUMENT, DOCUMENT, 
OR OTHER AGREEMENT CONTEMPLATED BY THE PLAN OR THE RELIANCE 
BY ANY RELEASED PARTY ON THE PLAN OR THE CONFIRMATION ORDER IN 
LIEU OF SUCH LEGAL OPINION) RELATING TO ANY OF THE FOREGOING, 
CREATED OR ENTERED INTO IN CONNECTION WITH THE RESTRUCTURING 
SUPPORT AGREEMENT, THE DISCLOSURE STATEMENT, THE FIRST LIEN 
CREDIT AGREEMENT AND ANY FACILITY THEREUNDER, THE SENIOR 
SECURED NOTES INDENTURE AND ANY FACILITY THEREUNDER, THE NEW 
TERM LOAN DOCUMENTS, THE NEW NOTES DOCUMENTS, THE NEW 
COMMON EQUITY, THE NEW ORGANIZATIONAL DOCUMENTS, THE PLAN, 
THE PLAN SUPPLEMENT, ANY OTHER DEFINITIVE DOCUMENT BEFORE OR 
DURING THE CHAPTER 11 CASES, ANY PREFERENCE, FRAUDULENT 
TRANSFER, OR OTHER AVOIDANCE CLAIM ARISING PURSUANT TO 
CHAPTER 5 OF THE BANKRUPTCY CODE OR OTHER APPLICABLE LAW, THE 
FILING OF THE CHAPTER 11 CASES, THE SOLICITATION OF VOTES ON THE 
PLAN, THE PURSUIT OF CONFIRMATION OF THE PLAN, THE PURSUIT OF 
CONSUMMATION, THE ADMINISTRATION AND IMPLEMENTATION OF THE 
PLAN, INCLUDING THE ISSUANCE OR DISTRIBUTION OF DEBT AND/OR 
SECURITIES PURSUANT TO THE PLAN, OR THE DISTRIBUTION OF 
PROPERTY UNDER THE PLAN OR ANY OTHER RELATED AGREEMENT, OR 
UPON ANY OTHER ACT OR OMISSION, TRANSACTION, AGREEMENT, EVENT, 
OR OTHER OCCURRENCE RELATED OR RELATING TO ANY OF THE 
FOREGOING TAKING PLACE ON OR BEFORE THE EFFECTIVE DATE, OTHER 
THAN CLAIMS OR LIABILITIES PRIMARILY ARISING OUT OF ANY ACT OR 
OMISSION OF A RELEASED PARTY THAT CONSTITUTES ACTUAL FRAUD, 
WILLFUL MISCONDUCT, OR GROSS NEGLIGENCE, EACH SOLELY TO THE 
EXTENT AS DETERMINED BY A FINAL ORDER OF A COURT OF COMPETENT 
JURISDICTION.  NOTWITHSTANDING ANYTHING TO THE CONTRARY IN THE 
FOREGOING, THE RELEASES SET FORTH ABOVE DO NOT RELEASE ANY 
POST EFFECTIVE DATE OBLIGATIONS OF ANY PARTY OR ENTITY UNDER 
THE 
PLAN, 
THE 
CONFIRMATION 
ORDER, 
ANY 
RESTRUCTURING 
TRANSACTION, OR ANY DOCUMENT, INSTRUMENT, OR AGREEMENT 
(INCLUDING THOSE SET FORTH IN THE PLAN SUPPLEMENT) EXECUTED TO 
Case 25-10829-CTG    Doc 16    Filed 05/06/25    Page 95 of 150

=== page 96 ===
 
 
9 
 
IMPLEMENT THE PLAN, INCLUDING THE NEW TERM LOAN DOCUMENTS, 
THE NEW NOTES DOCUMENTS, THE NEW ORGANIZATIONAL DOCUMENTS 
OR ANY CLAIM OR OBLIGATION ARISING UNDER THE PLAN.  
ENTRY OF THE CONFIRMATION ORDER SHALL CONSTITUTE THE 
BANKRUPTCY COURT’S APPROVAL, PURSUANT TO BANKRUPTCY RULE 
9019, OF THE RELEASE IN THIS ARTICLE XI.E, WHICH INCLUDES BY 
REFERENCE EACH OF THE RELATED PROVISIONS AND DEFINITIONS 
CONTAINED 
HEREIN, 
AND, 
FURTHER, 
SHALL 
CONSTITUTE 
THE 
BANKRUPTCY COURT’S FINDING THAT THE RELEASE IN THIS ARTICLE XI.E 
IS:  (I) CONSENSUAL; (II) ESSENTIAL TO THE CONFIRMATION OF THE PLAN; 
(III) GIVEN IN EXCHANGE FOR THE GOOD AND VALUABLE CONSIDERATION 
PROVIDED BY EACH OF THE RELEASED PARTIES, INCLUDING THE 
RELEASED PARTIES’ SUBSTANTIAL CONTRIBUTIONS TO FACILITATING 
THE RESTRUCTURING TRANSACTIONS AND IMPLEMENTING THE PLAN; (IV) 
A GOOD FAITH SETTLEMENT AND COMPROMISE OF THE CLAIMS 
RELEASED BY THIS ARTICLE XI.E; (V) IN THE BEST INTERESTS OF THE 
DEBTORS AND THEIR ESTATES; (VI) FAIR, EQUITABLE, AND REASONABLE; 
(VII) GIVEN AND MADE AFTER DUE NOTICE AND OPPORTUNITY FOR 
HEARING; AND (VIII) A BAR TO ANY OF THE RELEASING PARTIES 
ASSERTING ANY CLAIM OR CAUSE OF ACTION RELEASED PURSUANT TO 
THIS ARTICLE XI.E. 
EACH OF THE RELEASING PARTIES EXPRESSLY ACKNOWLEDGES THAT 
THE RELEASES AND COVENANTS NOT TO SUE CONTAINED IN THE PLAN 
ARE EFFECTIVE REGARDLESS OF WHETHER THOSE RELEASED MATTERS 
OR RELEASED CLAIMS OR CAUSES OF ACTION ARE PRESENTLY KNOWN OR 
UNKNOWN, SUSPECTED OR UNSUSPECTED, OR FORESEEN OR UNFORESEEN. 
IMPORTANT INFORMATION REGARDING THE THIRD-PARTY RELEASE: 
UNDER THE PLAN, “RELEASED PARTY” MEANS, COLLECTIVELY EACH OF, AND 
IN EACH CASE IN ITS CAPACITY AS SUCH: (I) EACH DEBTOR; (II) EACH 
REORGANIZED DEBTOR; (III) EACH AGENT; (IV) THE CONSENTING CREDITORS; 
(V) ALL HOLDERS OF CLAIMS AND INTERESTS THAT ELECT TO OPT IN TO THE 
THIRD PARTY RELEASES SET FORTH IN ARTICLE XI OF THE PLAN AND 
(VI) EACH RELATED PARTY OF EACH ENTITY OR PERSON IN CLAUSE 
(I) THROUGH CLAUSE (V); PROVIDED THAT IN EACH CASE, AN ENTITY OR 
PERSON SHALL NOT BE A RELEASED PARTY IF IT TIMELY FILES WITH THE 
BANKRUPTCY COURT ON THE DOCKET OF THE CHAPTER 11 CASES AN 
OBJECTION TO THE THIRD-PARTY RELEASES CONTAINED IN THE PLAN THAT IS 
NOT WITHDRAWN OR OTHERWISE RESOLVED BEFORE CONFIRMATION.  
UNDER THE PLAN, “RELEASING PARTIES” MEANS, COLLECTIVELY EACH OF, 
AND IN EACH CASE IN ITS CAPACITY AS SUCH: (I) THE RELEASED PARTIES; 
(II) ALL HOLDERS OF CLAIMS AND INTERESTS THAT ELECT TO “OPT IN” TO THE 
Case 25-10829-CTG    Doc 16    Filed 05/06/25    Page 96 of 150

=== page 97 ===
 
 
10 
 
THIRD-PARTY RELEASES SET FORTH IN ARTICLE XI OF THE PLAN; AND 
(III) EACH RELATED PARTY OF EACH ENTITY OR PERSON IN CLAUSE (I) AND 
CLAUSE (II). 
ARTICLE XI.C OF THE PLAN PROVIDES FOR AN EXCULPATION OF CERTAIN 
PARTIES (THE “EXCULPATION”): 
NOTWITHSTANDING ANYTHING CONTAINED IN THIS PLAN TO THE 
CONTRARY, TO THE FULLEST EXTENT PERMISSIBLE UNDER APPLICABLE 
LAW AND WITHOUT AFFECTING OR LIMITING THE RELEASES IN ARTICLE 
XI.D AND XI.E, EFFECTIVE AS OF THE EFFECTIVE DATE, NO EXCULPATED 
PARTY SHALL HAVE OR INCUR LIABILITY OR OBLIGATION FOR, AND EACH 
EXCULPATED PARTY IS HEREBY RELEASED AND EXCULPATED FROM ANY 
CAUSE OF ACTION FOR ANY CLAIM RELATED TO ANY ACT OR OMISSION IN 
CONNECTION WITH, RELATING TO, OR ARISING OUT OF, IN WHOLE OR IN 
PART, THE DEBTORS (INCLUDING THE MANAGEMENT, OWNERSHIP, OR 
OPERATION THEREOF), THE PURCHASE, SALE, OR RESCISSION OF ANY 
SECURITY OF THE DEBTORS OR THE REORGANIZED DEBTORS, THE 
SUBJECT MATTER OF, OR THE TRANSACTIONS OR EVENTS GIVING RISE TO, 
ANY CLAIM OR INTEREST THAT IS TREATED IN THE PLAN, THE BUSINESS 
OR CONTRACTUAL ARRANGEMENTS BETWEEN ANY DEBTOR AND ANY 
RELEASED PARTY, THE FIRST LIEN CREDIT AGREEMENT CLAIMS, THE 
SENIOR SECURED NOTES CLAIMS, CASH MANAGEMENT ARRANGEMENTS, 
THE DEBTORS’ IN- OR OUT-OF-COURT RESTRUCTURING EFFORTS, 
INTERCOMPANY 
TRANSACTIONS, 
THE 
CHAPTER 
11 
CASES, 
THE 
FORMULATION, PREPARATION, DISSEMINATION, NEGOTIATION, FILING, 
OR TERMINATION OF THE RESTRUCTURING SUPPORT AGREEMENT AND 
RELATED PREPETITION TRANSACTIONS, THE FIRST LIEN CREDIT 
AGREEMENT 
(INCLUDING 
ANY 
AMENDMENTS, 
RESTATEMENTS 
OR 
SUPPLEMENTS THERETO), THE SENIOR SECURED NOTES INDENTURE 
(INCLUDING ANY AMENDMENTS, RESTATEMENTS OR SUPPLEMENTS 
THERETO), THE NEW TERM LOAN DOCUMENTS, THE NEW NOTES 
DOCUMENTS, THE NEW COMMON EQUITY, THE NEW ORGANIZATIONAL 
DOCUMENTS, THE DISCLOSURE STATEMENT, THE PLAN, THE PLAN 
SUPPLEMENT, OR ANY RESTRUCTURING TRANSACTION, CONTRACT, 
INSTRUMENT, 
RELEASE, 
OR 
OTHER 
AGREEMENT 
OR 
DOCUMENT 
(INCLUDING 
ANY 
LEGAL 
OPINION 
REQUESTED 
BY 
ANY 
ENTITY 
REGARDING ANY TRANSACTION, CONTRACT, INSTRUMENT, DOCUMENT, 
OR OTHER AGREEMENT CONTEMPLATED BY THE PLAN OR THE RELIANCE 
BY ANY PARTY ON THE PLAN OR THE CONFIRMATION ORDER IN LIEU OF 
SUCH LEGAL OPINION) RELATING TO ANY OF THE FOREGOING, CREATED 
OR ENTERED INTO IN CONNECTION WITH THE RESTRUCTURING SUPPORT 
AGREEMENT, THE FIRST LIEN CREDIT AGREEMENT, THE SENIOR SECURED 
NOTES INDENTURE, THE NEW TERM LOAN DOCUMENTS, THE NEW NOTES 
DOCUMENTS, THE DISCLOSURE STATEMENT, THE PLAN, THE PLAN 
SUPPLEMENT, BEFORE OR DURING THE CHAPTER 11 CASES, ANY 
Case 25-10829-CTG    Doc 16    Filed 05/06/25    Page 97 of 150

=== page 98 ===
 
 
11 
 
PREFERENCE, FRAUDULENT TRANSFER, OR OTHER AVOIDANCE CLAIM 
ARISING PURSUANT TO CHAPTER 5 OF THE BANKRUPTCY CODE OR OTHER 
APPLICABLE LAW, THE FILING OF THE CHAPTER 11 CASES, THE PURSUIT 
OF 
CONFIRMATION, 
THE 
PURSUIT 
OF 
CONSUMMATION, 
THE 
ADMINISTRATION AND IMPLEMENTATION OF THE PLAN, INCLUDING THE 
ISSUANCE OR DISTRIBUTION OF DEBT AND/OR SECURITIES PURSUANT TO 
THE PLAN, OR THE DISTRIBUTION OF PROPERTY UNDER THE PLAN OR ANY 
OTHER RELATED AGREEMENT, OR UPON ANY OTHER RELATED ACT OR 
OMISSION, TRANSACTION, AGREEMENT, EVENT, OR OTHER OCCURRENCE 
TAKING PLACE ON OR BEFORE THE PLAN EFFECTIVE DATE, EXCEPT FOR 
CLAIMS RELATED TO ANY ACT OR OMISSION THAT IS DETERMINED IN A 
FINAL ORDER BY A COURT OF COMPETENT JURISDICTION TO HAVE 
CONSTITUTED ACTUAL FRAUD, WILLFUL MISCONDUCT, OR GROSS 
NEGLIGENCE, BUT IN ALL RESPECTS SUCH ENTITIES SHALL BE ENTITLED 
TO REASONABLY RELY UPON THE ADVICE OF COUNSEL WITH RESPECT TO 
THEIR DUTIES AND RESPONSIBILITIES PURSUANT TO THE PLAN.  THIS 
EXCULPATION SHALL BE IN ADDITION TO, AND NOT IN LIMITATION OF, 
ALL OTHER RELEASES, INDEMNITIES, EXCULPATIONS, AND ANY OTHER 
APPLICABLE LAW OR RULES PROTECTING SUCH EXCULPATED PARTIES 
FROM LIABILITY.  
THE EXCULPATED PARTIES HAVE, AND UPON CONFIRMATION OF THE 
PLAN SHALL BE DEEMED TO HAVE, PARTICIPATED IN GOOD FAITH AND IN 
COMPLIANCE WITH THE APPLICABLE LAWS WITH REGARD TO THE 
SOLICITATION OF VOTES AND DISTRIBUTION OF CONSIDERATION 
PURSUANT TO THE PLAN AND, THEREFORE, ARE NOT, AND ON ACCOUNT OF 
SUCH DISTRIBUTIONS SHALL NOT BE, LIABLE AT ANY TIME FOR THE 
VIOLATION 
OF 
ANY 
APPLICABLE 
LAW, 
RULE, 
OR 
REGULATION 
GOVERNING THE SOLICITATION OF ACCEPTANCES OR REJECTIONS OF 
THE PLAN OR SUCH DISTRIBUTIONS MADE PURSUANT TO THE PLAN. 
ARTICLE 
XI.F 
OF 
THE 
PLAN 
ESTABLISHES 
AN 
INJUNCTION 
(THE “INJUNCTION”): 
EXCEPT AS OTHERWISE EXPRESSLY PROVIDED IN THIS PLAN OR THE 
CONFIRMATION ORDER OR FOR OBLIGATIONS OR DISTRIBUTIONS ISSUED 
OR REQUIRED TO BE PAID PURSUANT TO THE PLAN OR THE 
CONFIRMATION ORDER, ALL ENTITIES WHO HAVE HELD, HOLD, OR MAY 
HOLD CLAIMS OR INTERESTS THAT HAVE BEEN RELEASED, DISCHARGED, 
OR ARE SUBJECT TO EXCULPATION ARE PERMANENTLY ENJOINED, FROM 
AND AFTER THE EFFECTIVE DATE, FROM TAKING ANY OF THE FOLLOWING 
ACTIONS AGAINST, AS APPLICABLE, THE DEBTORS, THE REORGANIZED 
DEBTORS, THE EXCULPATED PARTIES, OR THE RELEASED PARTIES:  
(1) COMMENCING OR CONTINUING IN ANY MANNER ANY ACTION OR 
OTHER PROCEEDING OF ANY KIND ON ACCOUNT OF OR IN CONNECTION 
WITH OR WITH RESPECT TO ANY SUCH CLAIMS OR INTERESTS; 
Case 25-10829-CTG    Doc 16    Filed 05/06/25    Page 98 of 150

=== page 99 ===
 
 
12 
 
(2) ENFORCING, ATTACHING, COLLECTING, OR RECOVERING BY ANY 
MANNER OR MEANS ANY JUDGMENT, AWARD, DECREE, OR ORDER 
AGAINST SUCH ENTITIES ON ACCOUNT OF OR IN CONNECTION WITH OR 
WITH RESPECT TO ANY SUCH CLAIMS OR INTERESTS; (3) CREATING, 
PERFECTING, OR ENFORCING ANY LIEN OR ENCUMBRANCE OF ANY KIND 
AGAINST SUCH ENTITIES OR THE PROPERTY OR THE ESTATES OF SUCH 
ENTITIES ON ACCOUNT OF OR IN CONNECTION WITH OR WITH RESPECT 
TO ANY SUCH CLAIMS OR INTERESTS; (4) ASSERTING ANY RIGHT OF 
SETOFF, SUBROGATION, OR RECOUPMENT OF ANY KIND AGAINST ANY 
OBLIGATION DUE FROM SUCH ENTITIES OR AGAINST THE PROPERTY OF 
SUCH ENTITIES ON ACCOUNT OF OR IN CONNECTION WITH OR WITH 
RESPECT TO ANY SUCH CLAIMS OR INTERESTS UNLESS SUCH HOLDER HAS 
FILED A MOTION REQUESTING THE RIGHT TO PERFORM SUCH SETOFF ON 
OR BEFORE THE PLAN EFFECTIVE DATE, AND NOTWITHSTANDING AN 
INDICATION OF A CLAIM OR INTEREST OR OTHERWISE THAT SUCH 
HOLDER ASSERTS, HAS, OR INTENDS TO PRESERVE ANY RIGHT OF SETOFF 
PURSUANT TO APPLICABLE LAW OR OTHERWISE; AND (5) COMMENCING 
OR CONTINUING IN ANY MANNER ANY ACTION OR OTHER PROCEEDING OF 
ANY KIND ON ACCOUNT OF OR IN CONNECTION WITH OR WITH RESPECT 
TO ANY SUCH CLAIMS OR INTERESTS RELEASED OR SETTLED PURSUANT 
TO THE PLAN.  UPON ENTRY OF THE CONFIRMATION ORDER, ALL HOLDERS 
OF CLAIMS AND INTERESTS AND THEIR RESPECTIVE RELATED PARTIES 
SHALL BE ENJOINED FROM TAKING ANY ACTIONS TO INTERFERE WITH 
THE IMPLEMENTATION OR CONSUMMATION OF THE PLAN.  EXCEPT AS 
OTHERWISE SET FORTH IN THE CONFIRMATION ORDER, EACH HOLDER OF 
AN ALLOWED CLAIM OR ALLOWED INTEREST, AS APPLICABLE, BY 
ACCEPTING, OR BEING ELIGIBLE TO ACCEPT, DISTRIBUTIONS UNDER OR 
REINSTATEMENT OF SUCH CLAIM OR INTEREST, AS APPLICABLE, 
PURSUANT TO THE PLAN, SHALL BE DEEMED TO HAVE CONSENTED TO THE 
INJUNCTION PROVISIONS SET FORTH HEREIN. 
Item 4. Certifications. 
Upon execution of this Ballot, the undersigned certifies that: 
1. as of the Voting Record Date, it is the Holder (or an authorized signatory for a Holder) of the 
Class 3 First Lien Claim(s) set forth in Item 1; 
2. it is eligible to be treated as the Holder of the Class 3 First Lien Claim(s) set forth in Item 1 for 
the purposes of voting on the Plan; 
3. it has received a copy of the Solicitation Package and acknowledges that the solicitation is 
being made pursuant to the terms and conditions set forth therein; 
4. it has not relied on any statement made or other information received from any person with 
respect to the Plan other than the information contained in the Solicitation Package materials; 
Case 25-10829-CTG    Doc 16    Filed 05/06/25    Page 99 of 150

=== page 100 ===
 
 
13 
 
5. it has cast the same vote with respect to each of the Holder’s Class 3 First Lien Claims; 
6. it understands the treatment provided for its Class 3 First Lien Claim(s) under the Plan; 
7. it understands the recoveries provided for in the Plan are expressly conditioned upon 
confirmation and consummation of the Plan; 
8. it acknowledges and agrees that the Debtors may make conforming changes to the Plan as may 
be reasonably necessary, subject to section 1127 of the Bankruptcy Code and in accordance 
with the terms and conditions set forth in the Restructuring Support Agreement; provided that 
the Debtors will not resolicit acceptances or rejections of the Plan in the event of such 
conforming changes unless otherwise required to by the Bankruptcy Court; 
9. it understands and acknowledges that only the last properly executed, valid ballot actually 
received by the Solicitation Agent prior to the Voting Deadline with respect to the Class 3 First 
Lien Claim(s) set forth in Item 1 will be counted, and, if any other ballot has been previously 
received with respect to the Class 3 First Lien Claim(s) set forth in Item 1, such other ballot 
shall be deemed revoked and defective; 
10. it understands that, if it does not complete the Opt-In election in Item 3, it or the Holder on 
whose behalf it is submitting this Ballot, as applicable, shall not be a “Releasing Party” under 
the Plan (unless such Holder is (i) is a “Released Party” as defined in the Plan; (ii) opts in to 
the third-party releases set forth in Article XI of the Plan by checking the box in the Opt-In 
Form, or (iii) a Related Party of each entity or person that is a “Released Party” and that 
completes the Opt-In election in an Opt-In Form). 
11. it is (a) either (i) a “qualified institutional buyer” (as defined in Rule 144A under the Securities 
Act) or (ii) a person other than a “U.S. person” (as defined in Rule 902(k) of Regulation S 
under the Securities Act), or (b) the authorized signatory for a Holder of Class 3 First Lien 
Claims that is a either (i) a “qualified institutional buyer” (as defined in Rule 144A under the 
Securities Act) or (ii) a person other than a “U.S. person” (as defined in Rule 902(k) of 
Regulation S under the Securities Act); provided, that, the undersigned’s certification with 
respect to this clause 11 in respect of any beneficial owner is made solely in reliance by the 
undersigned on a certification provided by such beneficial owner to the undersigned that such 
beneficial owner is either (i) a “qualified institutional buyer” (as defined in Rule 144A under 
the Securities Act) or (ii) a person other than a “U.S. person” (as defined in Rule 902(k) of 
Regulation S under the Securities Act) and the undersigned assumes no liability or 
responsibility for any beneficial owner’s status and makes no representation or warranty with 
respect thereto;  
12. it understands and acknowledges that in order to make the New Notes Election it must also 
comply with the applicable election procedures as set forth in the New Notes Election & 
Distribution Procedures Notice, the Solicitation Order, and the Disclosure Statement; 
13. it understands and acknowledges that the securities being distributed pursuant to the Plan are 
not being distributed pursuant to a registration statement filed with the United States Securities 
and Exchange Commission, and that such securities will be acquired for the Holder’s own 
Case 25-10829-CTG    Doc 16    Filed 05/06/25    Page 100 of 150

=== page 101 ===
 
 
14 
 
account and not with a view to any distribution of such securities in violation of the United 
States Securities Act of 1933, 15 U.S.C. §§ 77a–77aa; and  
14. it has full and complete authority to execute and submit this Ballot. 
 
Item 5. Holder Information and Signature. 
BALLOT COMPLETION INFORMATION — COMPLETE THIS SECTION (type or 
print) 
 
Name of Holder: 
Signature: 
Signatory Name (if other than 
Holder): 
Title: 
Address: 
Email Address: 
Telephone Number: 
Date Completed: 
 
PLEASE COMPLETE, SIGN, AND DATE THIS BALLOT AND 
RETURN IT PROMPTLY IN THE ENVELOPE PROVIDED OR AS 
OTHERWISE DIRECTED. 
 
THIS BALLOT MUST BE COMPLETED, EXECUTED, AND RETURNED SO THAT IT 
IS ACTUALLY RECEIVED BY THE SOLICITATION AGENT PRIOR TO THE 
VOTING DEADLINE. 
 
[Remainder of page intentionally left blank] 
Case 25-10829-CTG    Doc 16    Filed 05/06/25    Page 101 of 150

=== page 102 ===
 
 
33140936.4 
INSTRUCTIONS FOR COMPLETING THIS BALLOT 
1. The Debtors are soliciting the votes of Holders of Class 3 First Lien Claims with respect 
to the Plan.  The Plan and Disclosure Statement are included in the packet you are receiving 
with this Ballot.  Capitalized terms used and not defined herein have the meaning given to 
such terms in the Plan or the Disclosure Statement, as applicable. 
2. The Plan can be confirmed by the Bankruptcy Court and thereby made binding upon you 
if it is accepted by the Holders of two-thirds of the aggregate principal amount and more 
than one-half in number of the Claims voted in each Class that votes on the Plan and if the 
Plan otherwise satisfies the requirements of section 1129(a) of the Bankruptcy Code.  If 
the Requisite Acceptances are not obtained, the Bankruptcy Court may nonetheless 
confirm the Plan if it finds that the Plan (a) provides fair and equitable treatment to, and 
does not discriminate unfairly against, the Class or Classes rejecting it and (b) otherwise 
satisfies the requirements of section 1129(b) of the Bankruptcy Code. 
3. To ensure that your vote is counted, you must deliver this Ballot directly to the Solicitation 
Agent by using the enclosed return envelope addressed to Kroll Restructuring 
Administration LLC (or otherwise by regular mail, overnight courier or hand delivery) or 
via the Solicitation Agent’s E-Ballot platform so as to be actually received by the 
Solicitation Agent before the Voting Deadline.  
4. Any ballot received by the Solicitation Agent after the Voting Deadline will not be counted 
unless the Debtors determine otherwise or as permitted by the Bankruptcy Court.  Except 
as otherwise provided herein, such delivery will be deemed made only when the 
Solicitation Agent actually receives the executed ballot.  In all cases, Holders should allow 
sufficient time to assure timely delivery.  No ballot should be sent to the Debtors or the 
Debtors’ financial or legal advisors. 
5. If you deliver multiple ballots to the Solicitation Agent, as applicable, the last properly 
executed, valid ballot timely received by the Solicitation Agent will supersede and revoke 
any earlier received ballot. 
6. This Ballot is not a letter of transmittal and may not be used for any purpose other than to 
vote to accept or reject the Plan.  Accordingly, at this time, creditors should not surrender 
certificates or instruments representing or evidencing their Claims, and neither the Debtors 
nor the Solicitation Agent will accept delivery of any such certificates or instruments 
surrendered together with this Ballot. 
7. This Ballot does not constitute, and shall not be deemed to be, a Proof of Claim or an 
assertion or admission of a Claim. 
8. You must vote all of your Claims within a particular Class either to accept or reject the 
Plan (i.e., you may not split your vote). 
9. If you hold Claims in more than one Class under the Plan, or in multiple accounts, you will 
receive more than one ballot coded for each different Class or account.  Each ballot votes 
Case 25-10829-CTG    Doc 16    Filed 05/06/25    Page 102 of 150

=== page 103 ===
 
 
 
 
only your Claims indicated on that ballot.  Please complete and return each ballot you 
receive. 
10. Please be sure to sign and date this Ballot.  If you are signing this Ballot in your capacity 
as a trustee, executor, administrator, guardian, attorney in fact, officer of a corporation, or 
otherwise acting in a fiduciary or representative capacity, you should indicate such capacity 
when signing and, if requested by the Solicitation Agent or the Debtors, must submit proper 
evidence of such capacity to the requesting party.  In addition, please provide your name 
and mailing address if it is different from that set forth on the attached mailing label or if 
no such mailing label is attached to this Ballot. 
11. The following ballots shall not be counted in determining the acceptance or rejection of the 
Plan: (a) any ballot that is illegible or contains insufficient information to permit the 
identification of the Holder of the Claim; (b) any ballot not actually received by the 
Solicitation Agent before the Voting Deadline, unless the Debtors determine otherwise or 
as permitted by the Bankruptcy Court; (c) any unsigned ballot; (d) any ballot that partially 
rejects and partially accepts the Plan; (e) any ballot not marked to either accept or reject 
the Plan, or marked to both accept and reject the Plan; (f) any ballot superseded by a later, 
timely received valid ballot; and (g) any ballot submitted by a party who did not hold a 
First Lien Claim as of the Voting Record Date. 
12. If you believe you have received the wrong ballot, you should contact the Solicitation 
Agent. 
PLEASE MAIL YOUR BALLOT PROMPTLY! 
 
IF YOU HAVE ANY QUESTIONS REGARDING THIS BALLOT OR THE 
PROCEDURE FOR VOTING ON THE PLAN, OR IF YOU HAVE RECEIVED A 
DAMAGED BALLOT OR HAVE LOST YOUR BALLOT, OR IF YOU NEED 
ADDITIONAL COPIES OF THE BALLOT, DISCLOSURE STATEMENT, PLAN, OR 
OTHER RELATED MATERIALS, PLEASE CONTACT THE SOLICITATION 
AGENT. 
 
[Remainder of page intentionally left blank.] 
Case 25-10829-CTG    Doc 16    Filed 05/06/25    Page 103 of 150

=== page 104 ===
 
 
EXHIBIT B-2 
Form of Class 3 Ballot (Beneficial) 
Case 25-10829-CTG    Doc 16    Filed 05/06/25    Page 104 of 150

=== page 105 ===
 
 
NO PERSON HAS BEEN AUTHORIZED TO GIVE ANY INFORMATION OR ADVICE, OR 
TO MAKE ANY REPRESENTATION, OTHER THAN WHAT IS INCLUDED IN THE 
MATERIALS MAILED WITH THIS BALLOT. 
IMPORTANT: NO CHAPTER 11 CASES HAVE BEEN COMMENCED AS OF THE DATE 
OF THE DISTRIBUTION OF THIS BENEFICIAL BALLOT.  THE DEBTORS INTEND TO 
FILE CHAPTER 11 CASES AND SEEK CONFIRMATION OF THE PLAN BY THE 
BANKRUPTCY COURT SHORTLY THEREAFTER AS DESCRIBED IN GREATER DETAIL 
IN THE ACCOMPANYING DISCLOSURE STATEMENT. 
In re: 
WW INTERNATIONAL, INC., et al.,1 
Debtors.  
 
)
)
)
)
)
)
)
)
)
 
Chapter 11 
 
IMPORTANT: No chapter 11 case has 
been commenced as of the date of the 
distribution of this ballot.  This ballot is 
being distributed to you as a part of a 
prepetition solicitation of your vote on a 
prepackaged plan of reorganization.  The 
Voting Deadline is June 6, 2025 at 
5:00 p.m. (prevailing Eastern Time). 
 
BENEFICIAL BALLOT FOR 
ACCEPTING OR REJECTING THE DEBTORS’ 
JOINT PREPACKAGED CHAPTER 11 PLAN OF REORGANIZATION 
CLASS 3 – FIRST LIEN CLAIMS 
IF YOU HAVE ANY QUESTIONS REGARDING THIS BALLOT, THE VOTING 
PROCEDURES, OR ANY OF THE SOLICITATION MATERIALS YOU HAVE RECEIVED, 
OR YOU NEED TO OBTAIN ADDITIONAL SOLICITATION MATERIALS, PLEASE 
CONTACT THE DEBTORS’ PROPOSED NOTICE AND SOLICITATION AGENT, KROLL 
RESTRUCTURING ADMINISTRATION LLC (“KROLL” OR THE “SOLICITATION 
AGENT”) BY:  (1) CALLING THE DEBTORS’ SOLICITATION AGENT BY CALLING 1-
(888) 643-6250 (U.S./CANADA, TOLL-FREE) OR +1-(646) 930-6250 (INTERNATIONAL, 
TOLL), 
(2) EMAILING 
WEIGHTWATCHERSINFO@RA.KROLL.COM 
AND 
REFERENCING  “WEIGHTWATCHERS BALLOT PROCESSING” IN THE SUBJECT 
LINE, 
(3) VISITING 
THE 
DEBTORS’ 
SOLICITATION 
WEBSITE 
AT 
HTTPS://RESTRUCTURING.RA.KROLL.COM/WEIGHTWATCHERS/, 
AND/OR 
(4) WRITING TO THE SOLICITATION AGENT AT THE FOLLOWING ADDRESS:  
 
1  
The Debtors in these Chapter 11 Cases, along with the last four digits of their federal tax identification numbers, 
to the extent applicable, are WW International, Inc. (0273), WW North America Holdings, LLC (6141), WW 
Canada Holdco, Inc. (5680), WW.com, LLC (4196), W Holdco, Inc. (4087), WW Health Solutions, Inc. (3859), 
Weekend Health, Inc. (6812), and WW NewCo, Inc. (N/A).  The Debtors’ headquarters is located at 675 Avenue 
of the Americas, 6th Floor, New York, NY 10010. 
Case 25-10829-CTG    Doc 16    Filed 05/06/25    Page 105 of 150

=== page 106 ===
 
2 
 
WEIGHTWATCHERS 
BALLOT 
PROCESSING, 
C/O 
KROLL 
RESTRUCTURING 
ADMINISTRATION LLC, 850 THIRD AVENUE, SUITE 412, BROOKLYN, NY 11232. 
QUESTIONS REGARDING VOTING INSTRUCTIONS PROVIDED BY YOUR NOMINEE 
SHOULD BE DIRECTED TO YOUR NOMINEE.  IN ALL CASES YOU MUST VOTE 
ACCORDING TO YOUR NOMINEE’S INSTRUCTIONS.  PLEASE READ AND FOLLOW 
THE ENCLOSED VOTING INSTRUCTIONS CAREFULLY BEFORE COMPLETING THIS 
BALLOT. 
THIS BALLOT (THE “BENEFICIAL BALLOT”), IF “PRE-VALIDATED” BY YOUR 
NOMINEE, OR, IF APPLICABLE, THE MASTER BALLOT CAST ON YOUR BEHALF BY 
YOUR NOMINEE (THE “MASTER BALLOT”) MUST BE ACTUALLY RECEIVED BY 
THE SOLICITATION AGENT BEFORE 5:00 P.M. (PREVAILING EASTERN TIME) ON 
JUNE 6, 2025 (THE “VOTING DEADLINE”).  IF THE SOLICITATION AGENT DOES NOT 
RECEIVE YOUR PRE-VALIDATED BENEFICIAL BALLOT OR THE MASTER BALLOT 
CONTAINING YOUR VOTE BEFORE THE VOTING DEADLINE, AND UNLESS THE 
DEBTORS DETERMINE OTHERWISE OR AS PERMITTED BY THE BANKRUPTCY 
COURT, YOUR VOTE WILL NOT BE COUNTED. 
CONFIRMATION OF THE PLAN IS EXPRESSLY CONDITIONED UPON BANKRUPTCY 
COURT APPROVAL OF THE RELEASES BY RELEASING PARTIES (AS DESCRIBED 
BELOW AND LOCATED IN ARTICLE VIII OF THE PLAN), WHICH, IF APPROVED BY 
THE BANKRUPTCY COURT AND OPTED-IN TO, WOULD PERMANENTLY ENJOIN 
HOLDERS OF CERTAIN CLAIMS AGAINST THIRD PARTIES FROM ASSERTING SUCH 
CLAIMS AGAINST SUCH NON-DEBTOR THIRD PARTIES.  THE RELEASES BY 
RELEASING PARTIES, IF APPROVED AND OPTED-IN TO, WILL BIND AFFECTED 
HOLDERS OF CLAIMS IN THE MANNER DESCRIBED IN ITEM 3 OF THIS BENEFICIAL 
BALLOT. 
IF THE BANKRUPTCY COURT CONFIRMS THE PLAN, IT WILL BIND YOU 
REGARDLESS OF WHETHER YOU HAVE VOTED. 
PLEASE NOTE THAT IN ORDER TO MAKE THE NEW NOTES ELECTION, HOLDERS 
OF CLASS 3 FIRST LIEN CLAIMS (OR THEIR CUSTODIAN ON THEIR BEHALF) MUST 
ALSO COMPLETE APPLICABLE ELECTION PROCEDURES AS SET FORTH IN THE 
NEW 
NOTES 
ELECTION 
& 
DISTRIBUTION 
PROCEDURES 
NOTICE, 
THE 
SOLICITATION ORDER, AND THE DISCLOSURE STATEMENT.  PLEASE CONTACT 
THE SOLICITATION AGENT WITH ANY QUESTIONS. 
NO PERSON HAS BEEN AUTHORIZED TO GIVE ANY INFORMATION OR ADVICE, OR 
TO MAKE ANY REPRESENTATION, OTHER THAN WHAT IS INCLUDED IN THE 
MATERIALS MAILED WITH THIS BENEFICIAL BALLOT. 
 
This Beneficial Ballot is being sent to you in connection with the Joint Prepackaged Plan of 
Reorganization of WW International, Inc. and Its Debtor Affiliates (as may be amended, modified, 
or supplemented from time to time in accordance with its terms and including all exhibits or 
Case 25-10829-CTG    Doc 16    Filed 05/06/25    Page 106 of 150

=== page 107 ===
 
3 
 
supplements thereto, the “Plan”)2 because the records maintained by your Nominee3 indicate that 
you are a Beneficial Holder4 of Class 3 First Lien Claim(s) as of April 30, 2025 (the “Voting 
Record Date”), and, accordingly, you may have a right to vote to accept or reject the Plan.  This 
Beneficial Ballot may not be used for any purpose other than for submitting votes with respect to 
the Plan.  If you believe you have received this Beneficial Ballot in error, please contact the 
Solicitation Agent at the email address or telephone number set forth above.   
The CUSIPs / ISINs for Class 3 First Lien Claims entitled to vote are identified on Exhibit A 
attached hereto. 
Your rights are described in the Disclosure Statement for the Joint Prepackaged Plan of 
Reorganization of WW International, Inc. and Its Debtor Affiliates, dated May 6, 2025 (as may be 
amended, modified, or supplemented from time to time and including all exhibits or supplements 
thereto, the “Disclosure Statement”).  The solicitation procedures are described in the Debtors’ 
Motion for Entry of an Order (I) Scheduling Combined Hearing on Adequacy of the Disclosure 
Statement and Confirmation of the Plan; (II) Fixing Deadline to Object to Disclosure Statement 
and the Plan; (III) Approving Prepetition Solicitation Procedures and Form and Manner of Notice 
of Commencement, Combined Hearing and Objection Deadline; (IV) Approving Notice and 
Objection Procedures for the Assumption of Executory Contracts and Unexpired Leases; 
(V) Conditionally (A) Directing the United States Trustee not to Convene Section 341(A) Meeting 
of Creditors and (B) Waiving Requirement of Filing Statements of Financial Affairs and Schedules 
of Assets and Liabilities and Rule 2015.3 Reports; and (VI) Granting Related Relief, dated May 6, 
2025 (as may be amended, modified, or supplemented from time to time and including all exhibits 
or supplements thereto, the “Solicitation Motion”), which was approved by the Court on [●], 2025 
[Docket No. [●]] (the “Solicitation Order”).  The Plan and the Disclosure Statement are included 
in the packet you are receiving together with this Beneficial Ballot (collectively, with a pre-
addressed, postage pre-paid return envelope, the “Solicitation Package”).  Upon request, the 
Solicitation Agent will provide paper copies of the Plan and the Disclosure Statement at the 
Debtors’ expense.  The Solicitation Package has been distributed to all Holders of Class 3 First 
Lien Claims who are reasonably believed to be either (i) a “qualified institutional buyer” (as 
defined in Rule 144A under the Securities Act) or (ii) a person other than a “U.S. person” (as 
defined in Rule 902(k) of Regulation S under the Securities Act). 
You should carefully and thoroughly review the Disclosure Statement and the Plan before 
you vote.  You may wish to seek legal advice concerning the Plan and classification and 
 
2  
Capitalized terms used but not defined herein have the meaning given to such terms in the Plan or the Disclosure 
Statement, as applicable. 
3  
“Nominee” means the broker, dealer, commercial bank, trust company, savings and loan, financial institution, or 
other such party in whose name your beneficial ownership in Class 3 First Lien Claims is registered or held of 
record on your behalf as of the Voting Record Date. 
4  
A “Beneficial Holder” is a beneficial owner of Class 3 First Lien Claims whose Claims have not been satisfied 
prior to the Voting Record Date pursuant to court order or otherwise, as reflected in the records maintained by 
the Nominees (as defined herein) holding through the Depository Trust Company or other relevant security 
depository and/or the applicable indenture trustee, as of the Voting Record Date. 
Case 25-10829-CTG    Doc 16    Filed 05/06/25    Page 107 of 150

=== page 108 ===
 
4 
 
treatment of your Claim under the Plan.  Your Claim has been placed in Class 3 under the 
Plan. 
The Debtors intend to commence voluntary cases under chapter 11 of the Bankruptcy Code.  The 
Plan can thereafter be confirmed by the Bankruptcy Court and thereby made binding on you if it 
is accepted by the Holders of at least two-thirds of the aggregate principal amount and more than 
one-half in number of the Claims voted in at least one Impaired Class and if the Plan otherwise 
satisfies the applicable requirements of section 1129(a) of the Bankruptcy Code.  If the Requisite 
Acceptances are not obtained, the Bankruptcy Court may nonetheless confirm the Plan if it finds 
that the Plan (a) provides fair and equitable treatment to, and does not unfairly discriminate against, 
the Class or Classes rejecting the Plan; and (b) otherwise satisfies the requirements of section 
1129(b) of the Bankruptcy Code.  If the Plan is confirmed by the Bankruptcy Court, it will be 
binding on you regardless of whether you vote or if you vote to reject the Plan. 
IF YOU RECEIVED A PRE-VALIDATED BENEFICIAL BALLOT FROM YOUR 
NOMINEE WITH A RETURN ENVELOPE ADDRESSED TO THE SOLICITATION 
AGENT, YOUR COMPLETED, SIGNED, AND DATED BENEFICIAL BALLOT 
MUST BE ACTUALLY RECEIVED BY THE SOLICITATION AGENT BEFORE 
THE VOTING DEADLINE. 
IF YOU RECEIVED A BENEFICIAL BALLOT AND A RETURN ENVELOPE 
ADDRESSED TO YOUR NOMINEE, YOUR VOTE, WHETHER SUBMITTED 
USING A COMPLETED, SIGNED, AND DATED BENEFICIAL BALLOT, OR 
OTHERWISE ACCORDING TO YOUR NOMINEE’S INSTRUCTIONS, MUST BE 
SENT TO YOUR NOMINEE, NOT THE SOLICITATION AGENT, ALLOWING 
SUFFICIENT TIME FOR YOUR NOMINEE TO RECEIVE YOUR VOTE, 
COMPLETE A MASTER BALLOT, AND TRANSMIT THE MASTER BALLOT TO 
THE SOLICITATION AGENT SO THAT IT IS ACTUALLY RECEIVED BY THE 
SOLICITATION AGENT BEFORE THE VOTING DEADLINE.   
FOR YOUR VOTE TO COUNT, YOU MUST ACT IN ACCORDANCE WITH YOUR 
NOMINEE’S INSTRUCTIONS, INCLUDING SUBMISSION OF YOUR VOTE ON OR 
BEFORE YOUR NOMINEE’S INTERNAL VOTING DEADLINE, WHICH MAY BE 
PRIOR TO THE OFFICIAL VOTING DEADLINE MANDATED BY THE 
BANKRUPTCY COURT. 
 
Item 1. Principal Amount of Class 3 First Lien Claim(s). 
The undersigned hereby certifies that, as of the Voting Record Date, it was the Beneficial Holder 
(or authorized signatory for a Beneficial Holder) of Class 3 First Lien Claim(s) in the following 
aggregate unpaid principal amount (insert amount in box below; if the Claim amount for voting 
purposes has not been pre-filled in the box below and you do not know the amount of your First 
Case 25-10829-CTG    Doc 16    Filed 05/06/25    Page 108 of 150

=== page 109 ===
 
5 
 
Lien Claim as of the Voting Record Date, please contact your Nominee for this information without 
delay): 
$______________ 
 
Item 2. Vote of Class 3 First Lien Claim(s). 
The Beneficial Holder of the Class 3 First Lien Claim(s) set forth in Item 1 votes to (please check 
only one): 
Accept the Plan 
 
Reject the Plan 
 
 
Item 3. Important information regarding the Releases by Holders of Claims and Interests of 
the Debtors, Exculpation and Injunction Provisions, and Optional Opt-In Election. 
IF YOU (I) ARE A “RELEASED PARTY” AS DEFINED IN THE PLAN; (II) OPT IN TO 
THE THIRD-PARTY RELEASES SET FORTH IN ARTICLE XI OF THE PLAN BY 
CHECKING THE BOX BELOW, OR (III) ARE A RELATED PARTY OF EACH ENTITY 
OR PERSON IN CLAUSE (I) AND CLAUSE (II), YOU SHALL BE A “RELEASING 
PARTY” UNDER THE PLAN, AND YOU WILL BE DEEMED TO HAVE CONSENTED 
TO THE THIRD-PARTY RELEASE PROVISIONS CONTAINED IN THE PLAN.  YOUR 
DECISION ON THIS ELECTION DOES NOT AFFECT THE AMOUNT OF THE 
DISTRIBUTION YOU WILL RECEIVE UNDER THE PLAN. 
The Holder of the Class 3 Claims Against the Debtors Set Forth in Item 1 Elects to 
(check the box below to indicate your Opt-In election): 
                     
     
 
  Opt In to the Third-Party Release set forth below 
 
The Plan contains a series of releases that are part of the overall restructuring set forth in the Plan 
and described in greater detail in the Disclosure Statement.  In that respect, parties should be aware 
that, if the Plan is confirmed and the Effective Date occurs, certain parties will be getting releases 
and certain parties will be giving releases as set forth in Article XI of the Plan.  For your 
convenience, excerpts of the release provisions from the Plan are set forth below, however, you 
should carefully read the enclosed Disclosure Statement and Plan with respect to the releases. 
Case 25-10829-CTG    Doc 16    Filed 05/06/25    Page 109 of 150

=== page 110 ===
 
6 
 
ARTICLE XI.E OF THE PLAN PROVIDES FOR A THIRD-PARTY RELEASE BY 
THE RELEASING PARTIES (THE “THIRD-PARTY RELEASE”): 
EXCEPT AS OTHERWISE EXPRESSLY SET FORTH IN THIS PLAN OR THE 
CONFIRMATION ORDER, ON AND AFTER THE PLAN EFFECTIVE DATE, IN 
EXCHANGE 
FOR 
GOOD 
AND 
VALUABLE 
CONSIDERATION, 
THE 
ADEQUACY OF WHICH IS HEREBY CONFIRMED, EACH RELEASED PARTY 
IS, AND IS DEEMED TO BE, HEREBY CONCLUSIVELY, ABSOLUTELY, 
UNCONDITIONALLY, IRREVOCABLY AND FOREVER, RELEASED AND 
DISCHARGED BY EACH RELEASING PARTY FROM ANY AND ALL CLAIMS 
AND CAUSES OF ACTION, IN EACH CASE ON BEHALF OF THEMSELVES 
AND 
THEIR 
RESPECTIVE 
SUCCESSORS, 
ASSIGNS, 
AND 
REPRESENTATIVES, AND ANY AND ALL ENTITIES WHO MAY PURPORT 
TO ASSERT ANY CLAIM OR CAUSE OF ACTION, DIRECTLY OR 
DERIVATIVELY, BY, THROUGH, FOR, OR BECAUSE OF THE FOREGOING 
ENTITIES, FROM ANY AND ALL CLAIMS AND CAUSES OF ACTION, 
INCLUDING ANY DERIVATIVE CLAIMS, ASSERTED OR ASSERTABLE ON 
BEHALF OF ANY OF THE FOREGOING ENTITIES, WHETHER KNOWN OR 
UNKNOWN, FORESEEN OR UNFORESEEN, MATURED OR UNMATURED, 
LIQUIDATED OR UNLIQUIDATED, FIXED OR CONTINGENT, EXISTING OR 
HEREAFTER ARISING, IN LAW, EQUITY, CONTRACT, TORT, OR 
OTHERWISE, INCLUDING ANY DERIVATIVE CLAIMS ASSERTED OR 
ASSERTABLE ON BEHALF OF THE DEBTORS, THE REORGANIZED 
DEBTORS, OR THEIR ESTATES, THAT SUCH ENTITY WOULD HAVE BEEN 
ENTITLED TO ASSERT (WHETHER INDIVIDUALLY OR COLLECTIVELY) 
OR ON BEHALF OF THE HOLDER OF ANY CLAIM AGAINST, OR INTEREST 
IN, A DEBTOR, A REORGANIZED DEBTOR, OR THEIR ESTATES OR OTHER 
ENTITY, BASED ON OR RELATING TO, OR IN ANY MANNER ARISING 
FROM, IN WHOLE OR IN PART, THE DEBTORS (INCLUDING THE CAPITAL 
STRUCTURE, BUSINESS, MANAGEMENT, OWNERSHIP, OR OPERATION 
THEREOF), THE PURCHASE, SALE, OR RESCISSION OF ANY SECURITY OF 
THE DEBTORS OR THE REORGANIZED DEBTORS, THE SUBJECT MATTER 
OF, OR THE TRANSACTIONS OR EVENTS GIVING RISE TO, ANY CLAIM OR 
INTEREST THAT IS TREATED IN THE PLAN, THE BUSINESS OR 
CONTRACTUAL ARRANGEMENTS BETWEEN OR AMONG ANY DEBTOR 
AND ANY RELEASED PARTY, THE OWNERSHIP AND/OR OPERATION OF 
THE DEBTORS BY ANY RELEASED PARTY OR THE DISTRIBUTION OF ANY 
CASH OR OTHER PROPERTY OF THE DEBTORS TO ANY RELEASED 
PARTY, THE FIRST LIEN CREDIT AGREEMENT CLAIMS, THE SENIOR 
SECURED NOTES CLAIMS, CASH MANAGEMENT ARRANGEMENTS, THE 
ASSERTION OR ENFORCEMENT OF RIGHTS OR REMEDIES AGAINST THE 
DEBTORS, THE DEBTORS’ IN- OR OUT-OF-COURT RESTRUCTURING 
EFFORTS, ANY AVOIDANCE ACTIONS (BUT EXCLUDING AVOIDANCE 
ACTIONS BROUGHT AS COUNTERCLAIMS OR DEFENSES TO CLAIMS 
ASSERTED AGAINST THE DEBTORS), INTERCOMPANY TRANSACTIONS 
BETWEEN OR AMONG A DEBTOR OR AN AFFILIATE OF A DEBTOR AND 
ANOTHER DEBTOR OR AFFILIATE OF A DEBTOR, THE CHAPTER 11 
Case 25-10829-CTG    Doc 16    Filed 05/06/25    Page 110 of 150

=== page 111 ===
 
7 
 
CASES, 
THE 
FORMULATION, 
PREPARATION, 
DISSEMINATION, 
NEGOTIATION, 
OR 
FILING 
OF 
THE 
RESTRUCTURING 
SUPPORT 
AGREEMENT 
AND RELATED PREPETITION 
TRANSACTIONS, THE 
DISCLOSURE STATEMENT, THE FIRST LIEN CREDIT AGREEMENT, THE 
SENIOR 
SECURED 
NOTES 
INDENTURE 
THE 
NEW 
TERM 
LOAN 
DOCUMENTS, THE NEW NOTES DOCUMENTS, THE PLAN (INCLUDING, 
FOR THE AVOIDANCE OF DOUBT, THE PLAN SUPPLEMENT), ANY OTHER 
DEFINITIVE DOCUMENT, OR ANY RESTRUCTURING TRANSACTION, 
CONTRACT, INSTRUMENT, RELEASE, OR OTHER AGREEMENT OR 
DOCUMENT (INCLUDING ANY LEGAL OPINION REQUESTED BY ANY 
ENTITY REGARDING ANY TRANSACTION, CONTRACT, INSTRUMENT, 
DOCUMENT, OR OTHER AGREEMENT CONTEMPLATED BY THE PLAN OR 
THE RELIANCE BY ANY RELEASED PARTY ON THE PLAN OR THE 
CONFIRMATION ORDER IN LIEU OF SUCH LEGAL OPINION) RELATING 
TO ANY OF THE FOREGOING, CREATED OR ENTERED INTO IN 
CONNECTION WITH THE RESTRUCTURING SUPPORT AGREEMENT, THE 
DISCLOSURE STATEMENT, THE FIRST LIEN CREDIT AGREEMENT AND 
ANY FACILITY THEREUNDER, THE SENIOR SECURED NOTES INDENTURE 
AND ANY FACILITY THEREUNDER, THE NEW TERM LOAN DOCUMENTS, 
THE NEW NOTES DOCUMENTS, THE NEW COMMON EQUITY, THE NEW 
ORGANIZATIONAL DOCUMENTS, THE PLAN, THE PLAN SUPPLEMENT, 
ANY OTHER DEFINITIVE DOCUMENT BEFORE OR DURING THE CHAPTER 
11 CASES, ANY PREFERENCE, FRAUDULENT TRANSFER, OR OTHER 
AVOIDANCE CLAIM ARISING PURSUANT TO CHAPTER 5 OF THE 
BANKRUPTCY CODE OR OTHER APPLICABLE LAW, THE FILING OF THE 
CHAPTER 11 CASES, THE SOLICITATION OF VOTES ON THE PLAN, THE 
PURSUIT OF CONFIRMATION OF THE PLAN, THE PURSUIT OF 
CONSUMMATION, THE ADMINISTRATION AND IMPLEMENTATION OF 
THE PLAN, INCLUDING THE ISSUANCE OR DISTRIBUTION OF DEBT 
AND/OR SECURITIES PURSUANT TO THE PLAN, OR THE DISTRIBUTION 
OF PROPERTY UNDER THE PLAN OR ANY OTHER RELATED AGREEMENT, 
OR UPON ANY OTHER ACT OR OMISSION, TRANSACTION, AGREEMENT, 
EVENT, OR OTHER OCCURRENCE RELATED OR RELATING TO ANY OF 
THE FOREGOING TAKING PLACE ON OR BEFORE THE EFFECTIVE DATE, 
OTHER THAN CLAIMS OR LIABILITIES PRIMARILY ARISING OUT OF ANY 
ACT OR OMISSION OF A RELEASED PARTY THAT CONSTITUTES ACTUAL 
FRAUD, WILLFUL MISCONDUCT, OR GROSS NEGLIGENCE, EACH SOLELY 
TO THE EXTENT AS DETERMINED BY A FINAL ORDER OF A COURT OF 
COMPETENT JURISDICTION.  NOTWITHSTANDING ANYTHING TO THE 
CONTRARY IN THE FOREGOING, THE RELEASES SET FORTH ABOVE DO 
NOT RELEASE ANY POST EFFECTIVE DATE OBLIGATIONS OF ANY PARTY 
OR ENTITY UNDER THE PLAN, THE CONFIRMATION ORDER, ANY 
RESTRUCTURING TRANSACTION, OR ANY DOCUMENT, INSTRUMENT, OR 
AGREEMENT 
(INCLUDING 
THOSE 
SET 
FORTH 
IN 
THE 
PLAN 
SUPPLEMENT) EXECUTED TO IMPLEMENT THE PLAN, INCLUDING THE 
NEW TERM LOAN DOCUMENTS, THE NEW NOTES DOCUMENTS, THE NEW 
Case 25-10829-CTG    Doc 16    Filed 05/06/25    Page 111 of 150

=== page 112 ===
 
8 
 
ORGANIZATIONAL DOCUMENTS OR ANY CLAIM OR OBLIGATION 
ARISING UNDER THE PLAN.  
ENTRY OF THE CONFIRMATION ORDER SHALL CONSTITUTE THE 
BANKRUPTCY COURT’S APPROVAL, PURSUANT TO BANKRUPTCY RULE 
9019, OF THE RELEASE IN THIS ARTICLE XI.E, WHICH INCLUDES BY 
REFERENCE EACH OF THE RELATED PROVISIONS AND DEFINITIONS 
CONTAINED HEREIN, AND, FURTHER, SHALL CONSTITUTE THE 
BANKRUPTCY COURT’S FINDING THAT THE RELEASE IN THIS ARTICLE 
XI.E IS:  (I) CONSENSUAL; (II) ESSENTIAL TO THE CONFIRMATION OF THE 
PLAN; (III) GIVEN IN EXCHANGE FOR THE GOOD AND VALUABLE 
CONSIDERATION PROVIDED BY EACH OF THE RELEASED PARTIES, 
INCLUDING THE RELEASED PARTIES’ SUBSTANTIAL CONTRIBUTIONS 
TO 
FACILITATING 
THE 
RESTRUCTURING 
TRANSACTIONS 
AND 
IMPLEMENTING THE PLAN; (IV) A GOOD FAITH SETTLEMENT AND 
COMPROMISE OF THE CLAIMS RELEASED BY THIS ARTICLE XI.E; (V) IN 
THE BEST INTERESTS OF THE DEBTORS AND THEIR ESTATES; (VI) FAIR, 
EQUITABLE, AND REASONABLE; (VII) GIVEN AND MADE AFTER DUE 
NOTICE AND OPPORTUNITY FOR HEARING; AND (VIII) A BAR TO ANY OF 
THE RELEASING PARTIES ASSERTING ANY CLAIM OR CAUSE OF ACTION 
RELEASED PURSUANT TO THIS ARTICLE XI.E. 
EACH OF THE RELEASING PARTIES EXPRESSLY ACKNOWLEDGES THAT 
THE RELEASES AND COVENANTS NOT TO SUE CONTAINED IN THE PLAN 
ARE EFFECTIVE REGARDLESS OF WHETHER THOSE RELEASED 
MATTERS OR RELEASED CLAIMS OR CAUSES OF ACTION ARE 
PRESENTLY KNOWN OR UNKNOWN, SUSPECTED OR UNSUSPECTED, OR 
FORESEEN OR UNFORESEEN. 
IMPORTANT INFORMATION REGARDING THE THIRD-PARTY RELEASE: 
UNDER THE PLAN, “RELEASED PARTY” MEANS, COLLECTIVELY EACH OF, 
AND IN EACH CASE IN ITS CAPACITY AS SUCH: (I) EACH DEBTOR; (II) EACH 
REORGANIZED 
DEBTOR; 
(III) EACH 
AGENT; 
(IV) THE 
CONSENTING 
CREDITORS; (V) ALL HOLDERS OF CLAIMS AND INTERESTS THAT ELECT TO 
OPT IN TO THE THIRD PARTY RELEASES SET FORTH IN ARTICLE XI OF THE 
PLAN AND (VI) EACH RELATED PARTY OF EACH ENTITY OR PERSON IN 
CLAUSE (I) THROUGH CLAUSE (V); PROVIDED THAT IN EACH CASE, AN 
ENTITY OR PERSON SHALL NOT BE A RELEASED PARTY IF IT TIMELY FILES 
WITH THE BANKRUPTCY COURT ON THE DOCKET OF THE CHAPTER 11 
CASES AN OBJECTION TO THE THIRD-PARTY RELEASES CONTAINED IN THE 
PLAN 
THAT 
IS 
NOT 
WITHDRAWN 
OR 
OTHERWISE 
RESOLVED 
BEFORE CONFIRMATION.  
UNDER THE PLAN, “RELEASING PARTIES” MEANS, COLLECTIVELY EACH OF, 
AND IN EACH CASE IN ITS CAPACITY AS SUCH: (I) THE RELEASED PARTIES; 
(II) ALL HOLDERS OF CLAIMS AND INTERESTS THAT ELECT TO “OPT IN” TO 
Case 25-10829-CTG    Doc 16    Filed 05/06/25    Page 112 of 150

=== page 113 ===
 
9 
 
THE THIRD-PARTY RELEASES SET FORTH IN ARTICLE XI OF THE PLAN; AND 
(III) EACH RELATED PARTY OF EACH ENTITY OR PERSON IN CLAUSE (I) AND 
CLAUSE (II). 
ARTICLE XI.C OF THE PLAN PROVIDES FOR AN EXCULPATION OF 
CERTAIN PARTIES (THE “EXCULPATION”): 
NOTWITHSTANDING ANYTHING CONTAINED IN THIS PLAN TO THE 
CONTRARY, 
TO 
THE 
FULLEST 
EXTENT 
PERMISSIBLE 
UNDER 
APPLICABLE LAW AND WITHOUT AFFECTING OR LIMITING THE 
RELEASES IN ARTICLE XI.D AND XI.E, EFFECTIVE AS OF THE EFFECTIVE 
DATE, NO EXCULPATED PARTY SHALL HAVE OR INCUR LIABILITY OR 
OBLIGATION FOR, AND EACH EXCULPATED PARTY IS HEREBY 
RELEASED AND EXCULPATED FROM ANY CAUSE OF ACTION FOR ANY 
CLAIM RELATED TO ANY ACT OR OMISSION IN CONNECTION WITH, 
RELATING TO, OR ARISING OUT OF, IN WHOLE OR IN PART, THE 
DEBTORS 
(INCLUDING 
THE 
MANAGEMENT, 
OWNERSHIP, 
OR 
OPERATION THEREOF), THE PURCHASE, SALE, OR RESCISSION OF ANY 
SECURITY OF THE DEBTORS OR THE REORGANIZED DEBTORS, THE 
SUBJECT MATTER OF, OR THE TRANSACTIONS OR EVENTS GIVING RISE 
TO, ANY CLAIM OR INTEREST THAT IS TREATED IN THE PLAN, THE 
BUSINESS OR CONTRACTUAL ARRANGEMENTS BETWEEN ANY DEBTOR 
AND ANY RELEASED PARTY, THE FIRST LIEN CREDIT AGREEMENT 
CLAIMS, THE SENIOR SECURED NOTES CLAIMS, CASH MANAGEMENT 
ARRANGEMENTS, 
THE 
DEBTORS’ 
IN- 
OR 
OUT-OF-COURT 
RESTRUCTURING EFFORTS, INTERCOMPANY TRANSACTIONS, THE 
CHAPTER 
11 
CASES, 
THE 
FORMULATION, 
PREPARATION, 
DISSEMINATION, NEGOTIATION, FILING, OR TERMINATION OF THE 
RESTRUCTURING SUPPORT AGREEMENT AND RELATED PREPETITION 
TRANSACTIONS, THE FIRST LIEN CREDIT AGREEMENT (INCLUDING ANY 
AMENDMENTS, RESTATEMENTS OR SUPPLEMENTS THERETO), THE 
SENIOR SECURED NOTES INDENTURE (INCLUDING ANY AMENDMENTS, 
RESTATEMENTS OR SUPPLEMENTS THERETO), THE NEW TERM LOAN 
DOCUMENTS, THE NEW NOTES DOCUMENTS, THE NEW COMMON 
EQUITY, THE NEW ORGANIZATIONAL DOCUMENTS, THE DISCLOSURE 
STATEMENT, 
THE 
PLAN, 
THE 
PLAN 
SUPPLEMENT, 
OR 
ANY 
RESTRUCTURING TRANSACTION, CONTRACT, INSTRUMENT, RELEASE, 
OR OTHER AGREEMENT OR DOCUMENT (INCLUDING ANY LEGAL 
OPINION REQUESTED BY ANY ENTITY REGARDING ANY TRANSACTION, 
CONTRACT, INSTRUMENT, DOCUMENT, OR OTHER AGREEMENT 
CONTEMPLATED BY THE PLAN OR THE RELIANCE BY ANY PARTY ON 
THE PLAN OR THE CONFIRMATION ORDER IN LIEU OF SUCH LEGAL 
OPINION) RELATING TO ANY OF THE FOREGOING, CREATED OR 
ENTERED INTO IN CONNECTION WITH THE RESTRUCTURING SUPPORT 
AGREEMENT, THE FIRST LIEN CREDIT AGREEMENT, THE SENIOR 
SECURED NOTES INDENTURE, THE NEW TERM LOAN DOCUMENTS, THE 
NEW NOTES DOCUMENTS, THE DISCLOSURE STATEMENT, THE PLAN, 
Case 25-10829-CTG    Doc 16    Filed 05/06/25    Page 113 of 150

=== page 114 ===
 
10 
 
THE PLAN SUPPLEMENT, BEFORE OR DURING THE CHAPTER 11 CASES, 
ANY PREFERENCE, FRAUDULENT TRANSFER, OR OTHER AVOIDANCE 
CLAIM ARISING PURSUANT TO CHAPTER 5 OF THE BANKRUPTCY CODE 
OR OTHER APPLICABLE LAW, THE FILING OF THE CHAPTER 11 CASES, 
THE PURSUIT OF CONFIRMATION, THE PURSUIT OF CONSUMMATION, 
THE 
ADMINISTRATION 
AND 
IMPLEMENTATION 
OF 
THE 
PLAN, 
INCLUDING THE ISSUANCE OR DISTRIBUTION OF DEBT AND/OR 
SECURITIES PURSUANT TO THE PLAN, OR THE DISTRIBUTION OF 
PROPERTY UNDER THE PLAN OR ANY OTHER RELATED AGREEMENT, OR 
UPON ANY OTHER RELATED ACT OR OMISSION, TRANSACTION, 
AGREEMENT, EVENT, OR OTHER OCCURRENCE TAKING PLACE ON OR 
BEFORE THE PLAN EFFECTIVE DATE, EXCEPT FOR CLAIMS RELATED TO 
ANY ACT OR OMISSION THAT IS DETERMINED IN A FINAL ORDER BY A 
COURT OF COMPETENT JURISDICTION TO HAVE CONSTITUTED ACTUAL 
FRAUD, WILLFUL MISCONDUCT, OR GROSS NEGLIGENCE, BUT IN ALL 
RESPECTS SUCH ENTITIES SHALL BE ENTITLED TO REASONABLY RELY 
UPON THE ADVICE OF COUNSEL WITH RESPECT TO THEIR DUTIES AND 
RESPONSIBILITIES PURSUANT TO THE PLAN.  THIS EXCULPATION 
SHALL BE IN ADDITION TO, AND NOT IN LIMITATION OF, ALL OTHER 
RELEASES, 
INDEMNITIES, 
EXCULPATIONS, 
AND 
ANY 
OTHER 
APPLICABLE LAW OR RULES PROTECTING SUCH EXCULPATED PARTIES 
FROM LIABILITY.  
THE EXCULPATED PARTIES HAVE, AND UPON CONFIRMATION OF THE 
PLAN SHALL BE DEEMED TO HAVE, PARTICIPATED IN GOOD FAITH AND 
IN COMPLIANCE WITH THE APPLICABLE LAWS WITH REGARD TO THE 
SOLICITATION OF VOTES AND DISTRIBUTION OF CONSIDERATION 
PURSUANT TO THE PLAN AND, THEREFORE, ARE NOT, AND ON ACCOUNT 
OF SUCH DISTRIBUTIONS SHALL NOT BE, LIABLE AT ANY TIME FOR THE 
VIOLATION OF ANY APPLICABLE LAW, RULE, OR REGULATION 
GOVERNING THE SOLICITATION OF ACCEPTANCES OR REJECTIONS OF 
THE PLAN OR SUCH DISTRIBUTIONS MADE PURSUANT TO THE PLAN. 
ARTICLE 
XI.F 
OF 
THE 
PLAN 
ESTABLISHES 
AN 
INJUNCTION 
(THE “INJUNCTION”): 
EXCEPT AS OTHERWISE EXPRESSLY PROVIDED IN THIS PLAN OR THE 
CONFIRMATION ORDER OR FOR OBLIGATIONS OR DISTRIBUTIONS 
ISSUED OR REQUIRED TO BE PAID PURSUANT TO THE PLAN OR THE 
CONFIRMATION ORDER, ALL ENTITIES WHO HAVE HELD, HOLD, OR 
MAY HOLD CLAIMS OR INTERESTS THAT HAVE BEEN RELEASED, 
DISCHARGED, OR ARE SUBJECT TO EXCULPATION ARE PERMANENTLY 
ENJOINED, FROM AND AFTER THE EFFECTIVE DATE, FROM TAKING ANY 
OF THE FOLLOWING ACTIONS AGAINST, AS APPLICABLE, THE DEBTORS, 
THE REORGANIZED DEBTORS, THE EXCULPATED PARTIES, OR THE 
RELEASED PARTIES:  (1) COMMENCING OR CONTINUING IN ANY 
MANNER ANY ACTION OR OTHER PROCEEDING OF ANY KIND ON 
Case 25-10829-CTG    Doc 16    Filed 05/06/25    Page 114 of 150

=== page 115 ===
 
11 
 
ACCOUNT OF OR IN CONNECTION WITH OR WITH RESPECT TO ANY 
SUCH 
CLAIMS 
OR 
INTERESTS; 
(2) ENFORCING, 
ATTACHING, 
COLLECTING, OR RECOVERING BY ANY MANNER OR MEANS ANY 
JUDGMENT, AWARD, DECREE, OR ORDER AGAINST SUCH ENTITIES ON 
ACCOUNT OF OR IN CONNECTION WITH OR WITH RESPECT TO ANY 
SUCH 
CLAIMS 
OR 
INTERESTS; 
(3) CREATING, 
PERFECTING, 
OR 
ENFORCING ANY LIEN OR ENCUMBRANCE OF ANY KIND AGAINST SUCH 
ENTITIES OR THE PROPERTY OR THE ESTATES OF SUCH ENTITIES ON 
ACCOUNT OF OR IN CONNECTION WITH OR WITH RESPECT TO ANY 
SUCH CLAIMS OR INTERESTS; (4) ASSERTING ANY RIGHT OF SETOFF, 
SUBROGATION, OR RECOUPMENT OF ANY KIND AGAINST ANY 
OBLIGATION DUE FROM SUCH ENTITIES OR AGAINST THE PROPERTY OF 
SUCH ENTITIES ON ACCOUNT OF OR IN CONNECTION WITH OR WITH 
RESPECT TO ANY SUCH CLAIMS OR INTERESTS UNLESS SUCH HOLDER 
HAS FILED A MOTION REQUESTING THE RIGHT TO PERFORM SUCH 
SETOFF 
ON 
OR 
BEFORE 
THE 
PLAN 
EFFECTIVE 
DATE, 
AND 
NOTWITHSTANDING AN INDICATION OF A CLAIM OR INTEREST OR 
OTHERWISE THAT SUCH HOLDER ASSERTS, HAS, OR INTENDS TO 
PRESERVE ANY RIGHT OF SETOFF PURSUANT TO APPLICABLE LAW OR 
OTHERWISE; AND (5) COMMENCING OR CONTINUING IN ANY MANNER 
ANY ACTION OR OTHER PROCEEDING OF ANY KIND ON ACCOUNT OF OR 
IN CONNECTION WITH OR WITH RESPECT TO ANY SUCH CLAIMS OR 
INTERESTS RELEASED OR SETTLED PURSUANT TO THE PLAN.  UPON 
ENTRY OF THE CONFIRMATION ORDER, ALL HOLDERS OF CLAIMS AND 
INTERESTS AND THEIR RESPECTIVE RELATED PARTIES SHALL BE 
ENJOINED FROM TAKING ANY ACTIONS TO INTERFERE WITH THE 
IMPLEMENTATION OR CONSUMMATION OF THE PLAN.  EXCEPT AS 
OTHERWISE SET FORTH IN THE CONFIRMATION ORDER, EACH HOLDER 
OF AN ALLOWED CLAIM OR ALLOWED INTEREST, AS APPLICABLE, BY 
ACCEPTING, OR BEING ELIGIBLE TO ACCEPT, DISTRIBUTIONS UNDER 
OR REINSTATEMENT OF SUCH CLAIM OR INTEREST, AS APPLICABLE, 
PURSUANT TO THE PLAN, SHALL BE DEEMED TO HAVE CONSENTED TO 
THE INJUNCTION PROVISIONS SET FORTH HEREIN. 
Item 4. Class 3 First Lien Claim(s) held in Additional Accounts. 
By completing and returning this Beneficial Ballot, the Beneficial Holder of the First Lien Claims 
identified in Item 1 certifies that (a) this Beneficial Ballot is the only Beneficial Ballot submitted 
for the Class 3 First Lien Claim(s) owned by such Beneficial Holder as indicated in Item 1, except 
for the First Lien Claims identified in the following table (please use additional sheets of paper if 
necessary); and (b) all Ballots for First Lien Claims submitted by the Beneficial Holder indicate 
the same vote to accept or reject the Plan that the Beneficial Holder has indicated in Item 2 of this 
Ballot.  To be clear, if any Beneficial Holder holds First Lien Claims through one or more 
Nominees, such Beneficial Holder must identify all First Lien Claims held through each 
Nominee in the following table, and must confirm the same vote to accept or reject the Plan 
on all ballots submitted. 
Case 25-10829-CTG    Doc 16    Filed 05/06/25    Page 115 of 150

=== page 116 ===
 
12 
 
ONLY COMPLETE THIS ITEM 4 IF YOU HAVE SUBMITTED OTHER BENEFICIAL 
BALLOTS 
Your Customer 
Account Number 
at Nominee of 
Other Class 3 
Senior Secured 
Notes Claims 
Voted 
Name of Registered Holder5 and DTC Participant 
Number, if Applicable, of Nominee of Other Class 3 
Senior Secured Notes Claims Voted 
Principal 
Amount of 
Other Class 3 
Senior 
Secured 
Notes Claims 
Voted 
 
CUSIP of 
Other Class 
3 Senior 
Secured 
Notes 
Claims 
Voted 
Plan Vote of 
Other Class 3 
Senior 
Secured 
Notes Claims 
Voted 
(Accept or 
Reject) 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Item 5. Certifications. 
Upon execution of this Beneficial Ballot, the undersigned certifies that: 
1. as of the Voting Record Date, it was the Beneficial Holder (or an authorized signatory for 
a Beneficial Holder) of the Class 3 First Lien Claim(s) set forth in Item 1; 
2. it is eligible to be treated as the Holder of the Class 3 First Lien Claim(s) set forth in Item 
1 for the purposes of voting on the Plan; 
3. it has received a copy of the Solicitation Package and acknowledges that the solicitation is 
being made pursuant to the terms and conditions set forth therein; 
4. it has not relied on any statement made or other information received from any person with 
respect to the Plan other than the information contained in the Solicitation Package 
materials; 
5. it has cast the same vote with respect to each of the Holder’s Class 3 First Lien Claims; 
6. it understands the treatment provided for its Class 3 First Lien Claim(s) under the Plan; 
7. it understands the recoveries provided for in the Plan are expressly conditioned upon 
confirmation and consummation of the Plan; 
8. it acknowledges and agrees that the Debtors may make conforming changes to the Plan as 
may be reasonably necessary, subject to section 1127 of the Bankruptcy Code and in 
 
5  
Insert your name if you are the Holder of record (i.e., the registered holder) of the Class 3 First Lien Claims, or, 
if held in a “street name,” insert the name of your Nominee. 
Case 25-10829-CTG    Doc 16    Filed 05/06/25    Page 116 of 150

=== page 117 ===
 
13 
 
accordance with the terms and conditions set forth in the Restructuring Support Agreement; 
provided that the Debtors will not resolicit acceptances or rejections of the Plan in the event 
of such conforming changes unless otherwise required to by the Bankruptcy Court; 
9. it understands and acknowledges that only the last properly executed ballot cast prior to 
the Voting Deadline with respect to the Class 3 First Lien Claim(s) set forth in Item 1 will 
be counted, and, if any other ballot has been previously cast with respect to the Class 3 
First Lien Claim(s) set forth in Item 1, such other ballot shall be deemed revoked; 
10. it understands that, if it does not complete the Opt-In election in Item 3, it or the Holder on 
whose behalf it is submitting this Ballot, as applicable, shall not be a “Releasing Party” 
under the Plan (unless such Holder is (i) is a “Released Party” as defined in the Plan; 
(ii) opts in to the third-party releases set forth in Article XI of the Plan by checking the box 
in the Opt-In Form, or (iii) a Related Party of each entity or person that is a “Released 
Party” and that completes the Opt-In election in an Opt-In Form). 
11. it understands and acknowledges that the securities being distributed pursuant to the Plan 
are not being distributed pursuant to a registration statement filed with the United States 
Securities and Exchange Commission, and that such securities will be acquired for the 
Holder’s own account and not with a view to any distribution of such securities in violation 
of the United States Securities Act of 1933, 15 U.S.C. §§ 77a–77aa; 
12. it is (a) either (i) a “qualified institutional buyer” (as defined in Rule 144A under the 
Securities Act) or (ii) a person other than a “U.S. person” (as defined in Rule 902(k) of 
Regulation S under the Securities Act), or (b) the authorized signatory for a Holder of Class 
3 First Lien Claims that is a either (i) a “qualified institutional buyer” (as defined in Rule 
144A under the Securities Act) or (ii) a person other than a “U.S. person” (as defined in 
Rule 902(k) of Regulation S under the Securities Act); provided, that, the undersigned’s 
certification with respect to this clause 11 in respect of any beneficial owner is made solely 
in reliance by the undersigned on a certification provided by such beneficial owner to the 
undersigned that such beneficial owner is either (i) a “qualified institutional buyer” (as 
defined in Rule 144A under the Securities Act) or (ii) a person other than a “U.S. person” 
(as defined in Rule 902(k) of Regulation S under the Securities Act) and the undersigned 
assumes no liability or responsibility for any beneficial owner’s status and makes no 
representation or warranty with respect thereto;  
13. it understands and acknowledges that in order to complete the New Notes Election it must 
also comply with the applicable election procedures as set forth in the New Notes Election 
& Distribution Procedures Notice, the Solicitation Order, and the Disclosure Statement; 
and 
14. it has full and complete authority to execute and submit this Beneficial Ballot. 
Item 6. Holder Information and Signature. 
BALLOT COMPLETION INFORMATION — COMPLETE THIS SECTION (type or print) 
Case 25-10829-CTG    Doc 16    Filed 05/06/25    Page 117 of 150

=== page 118 ===
 
14 
 
Name of the Beneficial 
Holder: 
 
 
 
Signature: 
 
 
 
Signatory Name (if other 
than the Beneficial 
Holder): 
 
 
 
Title: 
 
 
 
Address: 
 
 
 
Email Address: 
 
 
 
Telephone Number: 
 
 
 
Date Completed: 
 
 
PLEASE COMPLETE, SIGN, AND DATE THIS BENEFICIAL BALLOT AND RETURN 
IT PROMPTLY IN THE ENVELOPE PROVIDED OR AS OTHERWISE DIRECTED. 
THIS BENEFICIAL BALLOT (IF PRE-VALIDATED BY YOUR NOMINEE) OR, IF 
APPLICABLE, THE MASTER BALLOT CONTAINING YOUR VOTE AND CAST BY 
YOUR NOMINEE ON YOUR BEHALF, MUST BE COMPLETED, EXECUTED, AND 
RETURNED SO THAT IT IS ACTUALLY RECEIVED BY THE SOLICITATION 
AGENT PRIOR TO THE VOTING DEADLINE. 
Your Nominee is authorized to employ its customary practices to forward solicitation information 
and materials to, and/or collect votes from, its Beneficial Holder clients, whether by e-mail, 
telephone, or other customary means of communication, including the use of a voter information 
form or an online platform in lieu of, or in addition to, sending the paper Beneficial Ballot and/or 
Solicitation Package. 
 
[Remainder of page intentionally left blank] 
 
Case 25-10829-CTG    Doc 16    Filed 05/06/25    Page 118 of 150

=== page 119 ===
 
15 
 
INSTRUCTIONS FOR COMPLETING THIS BENEFICIAL BALLOT 
1. The Debtors are soliciting the votes of Holders of Class 3 First Lien Claims with respect 
to the Plan.  The Plan and Disclosure Statement are included in the packet you are receiving 
with this Beneficial Ballot.  Capitalized terms used and not defined herein have the 
meaning given to such terms in the Plan or the Disclosure Statement, as applicable. 
2. The Plan can be confirmed by the Bankruptcy Court and thereby made binding upon you 
if it is accepted by the Holders of two-thirds of the aggregate principal amount and more 
than one-half in number of the Claims voted in each Class that votes on the Plan and if the 
Plan otherwise satisfies the requirements of section 1129(a) of the Bankruptcy Code.  If 
the Requisite Acceptances are not obtained, the Bankruptcy Court may nonetheless 
confirm the Plan if it finds that the Plan (a) provides fair and equitable treatment to, and 
does not discriminate unfairly against, the Class or Classes rejecting it and (b) otherwise 
satisfies the requirements of section 1129(b) of the Bankruptcy Code. 
3. Your Nominee may elect to “pre-validate” the Beneficial Ballot by (i) signing the 
Beneficial Ballot; (ii) indicating on the Beneficial Ballot the principal amount of First Lien 
Claims owned by the Beneficial Holder as of the Voting Record Date, DTC participant 
number, and the account number of the Claims held by the Nominee for the Beneficial 
Holder; (iii) including a medallion guarantee stamp or authorized signatory list (certifying 
the Beneficial Holder’s First Lien Claims as of the Voting Record Date) with the Beneficial 
Ballot, and (iv) forwarding such Beneficial Ballot (including any DTC participant number) 
and other materials requested to be forwarded, to the Beneficial Holder for voting.  The 
Beneficial Holder must then complete the information requested in the Beneficial Ballot, 
and return the pre-validated Beneficial Ballot directly to the Solicitation Agent via email 
to WeightWatchersballots@ra.kroll.com (with “WeightWatchers Beneficial Ballot 
Delivery” in the subject line) or by regular mail, overnight courier, or hand delivery to 
Kroll’s mailing address at WeightWatchers Ballot Processing Center, c/o Kroll 
Restructuring Administration LLC, 850 Third Avenue, Suite 412, Brooklyn, NY 11232 so 
that it is ACTUALLY RECEIVED by Kroll on or before the Voting Deadline. 
4. If your Beneficial Ballot has been “pre-validated” by your Nominee, you can return it 
directly to the Solicitation Agent by one of the following methods.  For the avoidance of 
doubt, Beneficial Ballots that have not been “pre-validated” can only be submitted 
according to voting instructions provided by your Nominee: 
If by First Class Mail, Overnight Courier, or Hand Delivery: 
WeightWatchers Ballot Processing Center 
c/o Kroll Restructuring Administration LLC 
850 Third Avenue, Suite 412 
Brooklyn, NY 11232 
 
Case 25-10829-CTG    Doc 16    Filed 05/06/25    Page 119 of 150

=== page 120 ===
 
16 
 
(to arrange hand delivery, please email WeightWatchersBallots@ra.kroll.com (with 
“WeightWatchers Beneficial Ballot Delivery” in the subject line) at least 24 hours prior to 
arrival at the Kroll address above and provide the anticipated date and time of delivery) 
 
If by Electronic Mail (Preferred Method of Delivery) 
WeightWatchersballots@ra.kroll.com (with “WeightWatchers Beneficial Ballot 
Delivery” in the subject line) 
5. To ensure that your vote is counted, you must deliver this Beneficial Ballot to the 
following, as applicable: 
a. If you received this Beneficial Ballot and a return envelope addressed to your 
Nominee, you must return your completed Beneficial Ballot directly to your 
Nominee in accordance with the instructions provided by your Nominee, and, in 
any event, with sufficient time to permit your Nominee to deliver your vote(s) on a 
completed Master Ballot so that it is actually received by the Solicitation Agent 
before the Voting Deadline. 
-or- 
b. If you received this Beneficial Ballot and a return envelope addressed to the 
Solicitation Agent, you must deliver a Pre-Validated Ballot directly to the 
Solicitation Agent by using the enclosed return envelope addressed to the 
Solicitation Agent so as to be actually received by the Solicitation Agent before the 
Voting Deadline. 
6. Any pre-validated Beneficial Ballot or Master Ballot received by the Solicitation Agent 
after the Voting Deadline will not be counted unless the Debtors determine otherwise or as 
permitted by the Bankruptcy Court.  Except as otherwise provided herein, such delivery 
will be deemed made only when the Solicitation Agent actually receives the executed 
Beneficial Ballot or Master Ballot, as applicable.  In all cases, Holders should allow 
sufficient time to assure timely delivery.  No ballot should be sent to the Bankruptcy Court, 
the Debtors or the Debtors’ financial or legal advisors; and such ballots will not be counted. 
7. If you deliver multiple Beneficial Ballots to your Nominee or (if pre-validated) to the 
Solicitation Agent, as applicable, the last properly executed ballot timely received will 
supersede and revoke any earlier received ballot. 
8. This Beneficial Ballot is not a letter of transmittal and may not be used for any purpose 
other than to vote to accept or reject the Plan.  Accordingly, at this time, creditors should 
not surrender certificates or instruments representing or evidencing their Claims, and 
neither the Debtors nor the Solicitation Agent will accept delivery of any such certificates 
or instruments surrendered together with this Beneficial Ballot. 
9. This Beneficial Ballot does not constitute, and shall not be deemed to be, a Proof of Claim 
or an assertion or admission of a Claim. 
Case 25-10829-CTG    Doc 16    Filed 05/06/25    Page 120 of 150

=== page 121 ===
 
17 
 
10. You must vote all of your Claims within a particular Class either to accept or reject the 
Plan (i.e., you may not split your vote). 
11. If you hold Claims in multiple accounts, you will receive more than one ballot coded for 
each different account.  Each ballot votes only your Claims indicated on that ballot.  Please 
complete and return each ballot you receive. 
12. Please be sure to sign and date this Beneficial Ballot.  If you are signing this Beneficial 
Ballot in your capacity as a trustee, executor, administrator, guardian, attorney in fact, 
officer of a corporation, or otherwise acting in a fiduciary or representative capacity, you 
should indicate such capacity when signing and, if requested by the Solicitation Agent or 
the Debtors, must submit proper evidence of such capacity to the requesting party.  In 
addition, please provide your name and mailing address if it is different from that set forth 
on the attached mailing label or if no such mailing label is attached to this Beneficial Ballot. 
13. The following Beneficial Ballots or Master Ballots, as applicable, shall not be counted in 
determining the acceptance or rejection of the Plan: (a) any Beneficial Ballot or Master 
Ballot that is illegible or contains insufficient information to permit the identification of 
the Holder of the Claim; (b) any Beneficial Ballot or Master Ballot not actually received 
by the Solicitation Agent before the Voting Deadline, unless the Debtors determine 
otherwise or as permitted by the Bankruptcy Court; (c) any unsigned Beneficial Ballot or 
Master Ballot; (d) any Beneficial Ballot or Master Ballot that partially rejects and partially 
accepts the Plan; (e) any Beneficial Ballot or Master Ballot not marked to either accept or 
reject the Plan, or marked to both accept and reject the Plan; and (f) any Beneficial Ballot 
or Master Ballot superseded by a later, timely submitted valid ballot. 
14. If you believe you have received the wrong ballot, you should contact your Nominee. 
PLEASE MAIL YOUR BALLOT PROMPTLY! 
IF YOU HAVE ANY QUESTIONS REGARDING THIS BENEFICIAL BALLOT OR 
THE PROCEDURE FOR VOTING ON THE PLAN, OR IF YOU HAVE RECEIVED A 
DAMAGED BENEFICIAL BALLOT OR HAVE LOST YOUR BENEFICIAL BALLOT, 
OR IF YOU NEED ADDITIONAL COPIES OF THE BENEFICIAL BALLOT, 
DISCLOSURE STATEMENT, PLAN, OR OTHER RELATED MATERIALS, PLEASE 
CONTACT YOUR NOMINEE. 
YOUR BENEFICIAL BALLOT, IF IT HAS NOT BEEN PRE-VALIDATED, MUST BE 
RETURNED TO YOUR NOMINEE SUFFICIENTLY IN ADVANCE OF THE VOTING 
DEADLINE, WHICH IS 5:00 P.M. (PREVAILING EASTERN TIME) ON JUNE 6, 2025, TO 
ENABLE YOUR NOMINEE TO ENTER YOUR VOTE IN A MASTER BALLOT AND 
RETURN SUCH MASTER BALLOT TO KROLL ON OR BEFORE THE VOTING 
DEADLINE.  UNLESS YOUR PRE-VALIDATED BENEFICIAL BALLOT OR THE MASTER 
BALLOT CONTAINING YOUR VOTE IS ACTUALLY RECEIVED BY KROLL BEFORE 
THE VOTING DEADLINE, YOUR VOTE WILL NOT BE COUNTED. 
[Remainder of page intentionally left blank.]. 
 
Case 25-10829-CTG    Doc 16    Filed 05/06/25    Page 121 of 150

=== page 122 ===
 
18 
 
EXHIBIT A 
Your Nominee may have checked a box below to indicate the CUSIP / ISIN to which this 
Beneficial Ballot pertains, or otherwise provided that information to you on a label or schedule 
attached to the Beneficial Ballot.  Please check one and only one box below.  Multiple checked 
boxes below risk invalidation of your vote. 
CLASS 3 – FIRST LIEN CLAIMS 
 
 
DESCRIPTION 
CUSIP / ISIN 
 
4.5% First Lien due 04/15/2029 (144A) 
98262PAA9 / US98262PAA93 
 
4.5% First Lien due 04/15/2029 (REGS) 
U85332AA9 / USU85332AA92 
Case 25-10829-CTG    Doc 16    Filed 05/06/25    Page 122 of 150

=== page 123 ===
 
 
 
EXHIBIT B-3 
Form of Class 3 Ballot (Master) 
Case 25-10829-CTG    Doc 16    Filed 05/06/25    Page 123 of 150

=== page 124 ===
 
 
 
NO PERSON HAS BEEN AUTHORIZED TO GIVE ANY INFORMATION OR ADVICE, OR 
TO MAKE ANY REPRESENTATION, OTHER THAN WHAT IS INCLUDED IN THE 
MATERIALS MAILED WITH THIS BALLOT. 
IMPORTANT:  NO CHAPTER 11 CASES HAVE BEEN COMMENCED AS OF THE DATE 
OF THE DISTRIBUTION OF THIS BALLOT.  THE DEBTORS INTEND TO FILE CHAPTER 
11 CASES AND SEEK CONFIRMATION OF THE PLAN BY THE BANKRUPTCY COURT 
SHORTLY 
THEREAFTER 
AS 
DESCRIBED 
IN 
GREATER 
DETAIL 
IN 
THE 
ACCOMPANYING DISCLOSURE STATEMENT. 
 
In re: 
 
WW INTERNATIONAL, INC., et al.,1 
 
 
Debtors.  
 
 
) 
) 
) 
) 
) 
) 
) 
) 
 
Chapter 11 
 
IMPORTANT:  No chapter 11 case has been 
commenced as of the date of the distribution of 
this ballot.  This ballot is being distributed to you 
as a part of a prepetition solicitation of votes on 
a prepackaged plan of reorganization.  The 
Voting 
Deadline 
is 
June 
6, 
2025 
at 
5:00 p.m. (prevailing Eastern Time). 
 
MASTER BALLOT FOR 
ACCEPTING OR REJECTING THE DEBTORS’ 
JOINT PREPACKAGED CHAPTER 11 PLAN OF REORGANIZATION 
CLASS 3 – FIRST LIEN CLAIMS 
IF YOU HAVE ANY QUESTIONS REGARDING THIS MASTER BALLOT, THE VOTING 
PROCEDURES, OR ANY OF THE SOLICITATION MATERIALS YOU HAVE 
RECEIVED, OR YOU NEED TO OBTAIN ADDITIONAL SOLICITATION MATERIALS, 
PLEASE CONTACT THE DEBTORS’ PROPOSED NOTICE AND SOLICITATION 
AGENT, KROLL RESTRUCTURING ADMINISTRATION LLC (“KROLL” OR 
THE “SOLICITATION AGENT”) BY:  (1) CALLING THE DEBTORS’ SOLICITATION 
AGENT BY CALLING 1-(888) 643-6250 (U.S./CANADA, TOLL-FREE) OR 1-(646) 930-
6250 
(INTERNATIONAL, 
TOLL), 
(2) EMAILING 
WEIGHTWATCHERSINFO@RA.KROLL.COM 
AND 
REFERENCING  
“WEIGHTWATCHERS BALLOT PROCESSING” IN THE SUBJECT LINE, (3) VISITING 
THE 
DEBTORS’ 
SOLICITATION 
WEBSITE 
AT 
HTTPS://RESTRUCTURING.RA.KROLL.COM/WEIGHTWATCHERS/, 
AND/OR 
(4) WRITING TO THE SOLICITATION AGENT AT THE FOLLOWING ADDRESS:  
 
1  
The Debtors in these Chapter 11 Cases, along with the last four digits of their federal tax identification numbers, 
to the extent applicable, are WW International, Inc. (0273), WW North America Holdings, LLC (6141), WW 
Canada Holdco, Inc. (5680), WW.com, LLC (4196), W Holdco, Inc. (4087), WW Health Solutions, Inc. (3859), 
Weekend Health, Inc. (6812), and WW NewCo, Inc. (N/A).  The Debtors’ headquarters is located at 675 Avenue 
of the Americas, 6th Floor, New York, NY 10010. 
Case 25-10829-CTG    Doc 16    Filed 05/06/25    Page 124 of 150

=== page 125 ===
 
 
 
2 
 
WEIGHTWATCHERS BALLOT PROCESSING, C/O KROLL RESTRUCTURING 
ADMINISTRATION LLC, 850 THIRD AVENUE, SUITE 412, BROOKLYN, NY 11232. 
PLEASE READ AND FOLLOW THE ENCLOSED VOTING INSTRUCTIONS 
CAREFULLY BEFORE COMPLETING THIS MASTER BALLOT. 
PLEASE NOTE THAT IN ORDER TO MAKE THE NEW NOTES ELECTION, HOLDERS 
OF CLASS 3 FIRST LIEN CLAIMS (OR THEIR CUSTODIAN ON THEIR BEHALF) MUST 
ALSO COMPLETE APPLICABLE ELECTION PROCEDURES AS SET FORTH IN THE 
NEW 
NOTES 
ELECTION 
& 
DISTRIBUTION 
PROCEDURES 
NOTICE, 
THE 
SOLICITATION ORDER, AND THE DISCLOSURE STATEMENT.  PLEASE CONTACT 
THE SOLICITATION AGENT WITH ANY QUESTIONS. 
NO PERSON HAS BEEN AUTHORIZED TO GIVE ANY INFORMATION OR ADVICE, 
OR TO MAKE ANY REPRESENTATION, OTHER THAN WHAT IS INCLUDED IN THE 
MATERIALS MAILED WITH THIS MASTER BALLOT. 
 
The Debtors are sending this master ballot (this “Master Ballot”) to brokers, dealers, commercial 
banks, trust companies, or other agent nominees (each a “Nominee”) of Beneficial Holders2 of 
Class 3 First Lien Claims as of April 30, 2025 (the “Voting Record Date”) in connection with the 
Joint Prepackaged Plan of Reorganization of WW International, Inc. and Its Debtor Affiliates (as 
may be amended, modified, or supplemented from time to time in accordance with its terms and 
including all exhibits or supplements thereto, the “Plan”).3   
The solicitation procedures are described in the Debtors’ Motion for Entry of an Order 
(I) Scheduling Combined Hearing on Adequacy of the Disclosure Statement and Confirmation of 
the Plan; (II) Fixing Deadline to Object to Disclosure Statement and the Plan; (III) Approving 
Prepetition Solicitation Procedures and Form and Manner of Notice of Commencement, 
Combined Hearing and Objection Deadline; (IV) Approving Notice and Objection Procedures for 
the Assumption of Executory Contracts and Unexpired Leases; (V) Conditionally (A) Directing 
the United States Trustee not to Convene Section 341(A) Meeting of Creditors and (B) Waiving 
Requirement of Filing Statements of Financial Affairs and Schedules of Assets and Liabilities and 
Rule 2015.3 Reports; and (VI) Granting Related Relief, dated May 6, 2025 (as may be amended, 
modified, or supplemented from time to time and including all exhibits or supplements thereto, 
the “Solicitation Motion”), which was approved by the Court on [●], 2025 [Docket No. [●]] (the 
“Solicitation Order”).  Nominees should use this Master Ballot to (a) cast votes to accept or reject 
the Plan and (b) make elections, each on behalf of and in accordance with the votes cast by the 
Beneficial Holders holding Class 3 First Lien Claims through them. 
 
2  
A “Beneficial Holder” is a beneficial owner of Class 3 First Lien Claims whose Claims have not been satisfied 
prior to the Voting Record Date pursuant to court order or otherwise, as reflected in the records maintained by 
the Nominees (as defined herein) holding through the Depository Trust Company or other relevant security 
depository and/or the applicable indenture trustee, as of the Voting Record Date. 
3  
Capitalized terms used but not defined herein have the meaning given to such terms in the Disclosure Statement. 
Case 25-10829-CTG    Doc 16    Filed 05/06/25    Page 125 of 150

=== page 126 ===
 
 
 
3 
 
The CUSIPs / ISINs for Class 3 First Lien Claims entitled to vote are identified on Exhibit A 
attached hereto.  
In lieu of submitting this Master Ballot, Nominees may also send Beneficial Holders a pre-
validated Class 3 First Lien Claims beneficial ballot (a “Pre-Validated Beneficial Ballot”).  Based 
on your decision whether or not to pre-validate the ballot, the below guidance with respect to pre-
validation is mutually exclusive. 
PRE-VALIDATED BENEFICIAL BALLOT.  You may pre-validate a beneficial ballot by 
completing a beneficial ballot with the exception of Items 2 and 3 and indicating on the ballot:  
(a) the name and DTC participant number of the Nominee; (b) the aggregate principal amount of 
Class 3 First Lien Claim(s) held by such Nominee for the Beneficial Holder as of the Voting 
Record Date; (c) the account number(s) for the account(s) in which such Class 3 First Lien 
Claim(s) are held by the Nominee for the Beneficial Holder; and (d) signing the beneficial ballot 
and affixing a medallion guarantee thereto (or appending a list of the Nominee’s authorized 
signers), certifying the Beneficial Holder’s position in the First Lien Claims as of the Voting 
Record Date.  Once you pre-validate a Beneficial Ballot, you must IMMEDIATELY forward the 
solicitation materials to each applicable Beneficial Holder, including (i) the Pre-Validated 
Beneficial Ballot, (ii) the Plan and the Disclosure Statement, (iii) a postage pre-paid return 
envelope addressed to the Solicitation Agent, and (iv) clear instructions that the Beneficial Holder 
must return its completed and executed Beneficial Ballot directly to the Solicitation Agent before 
the Voting Deadline.  In addition to submission in the return envelope provided, if any, or 
otherwise via regular mail, overnight courier, or hand delivery, Pre-Validated Beneficial Ballots 
may 
be 
returned 
to 
the 
Solicitation 
Agent 
by 
electronic 
mail 
to 
WeighWatchersBallots@ra.kroll.com (with “WeightWatchers Ballot Delivery” in the subject 
line). 
NOT PRE-VALIDATED BALLOT.  If you choose not to pre-validate Beneficial Ballots, you 
must IMMEDIATELY forward the solicitation materials to each Beneficial Holder, including 
(a) the Beneficial Ballot, (b) the Plan and the Disclosure Statement (c) a return envelope addressed 
to you, its Nominee, and (d) clear instructions stating that the Beneficial Holder must return its 
ballot directly to you in sufficient time to allow you to execute this Master Ballot and return it to 
the Solicitation Agent before the Voting Deadline.  Upon receipt of completed and executed 
Beneficial Ballots returned to you by the Beneficial Holders, you must compile and validate the 
Beneficial Holders’ votes and other relevant information using the customers’ names or account 
numbers.  You must then execute this Master Ballot and transmit it to the Solicitation Agent by 
the Voting Deadline.  You must retain such Beneficial Ballots in your files for a period of one (1) 
year after the effective date of the Plan (as you may be ordered to produce the Beneficial Holder 
ballots to the Debtors or the Bankruptcy Court). 
NO fees or commissions or other remuneration will be payable to you in your capacity as Nominee 
for soliciting votes on the proposals related to the Plan.  The Debtors will, however, upon written 
request, reimburse you for customary mailing and handling expenses you incur in forwarding the 
ballot and other enclosed materials to Beneficial Holders. 
This Master Ballot may not be used for any purpose other than for submitting votes with respect 
to Plan.  Your rights and the rights of Beneficial Holders are described in the Disclosure Statement 
Case 25-10829-CTG    Doc 16    Filed 05/06/25    Page 126 of 150

=== page 127 ===
 
 
 
4 
 
for the Joint Prepackaged Plan of Reorganization of WW International, Inc. and Its Debtor 
Affiliates, dated May 6, 2025 (as may be amended, modified, or supplemented from time to time 
and including all exhibits or supplements thereto, the “Disclosure Statement”).  The Plan, the 
Disclosure Statement, and the Class 3 First Lien Claims ballot (the “Beneficial Ballot,” 
collectively, together with a pre-addressed, postage pre-paid return envelope, the “Solicitation 
Package”) were sent to you as Nominee for the Beneficial Holders of Class 3 First Lien Claims.  
If you believe you have received this Master Ballot in error, or if you believe you received the 
wrong Master Ballot, please contact the Solicitation Agent immediately at the email address or 
telephone number set forth above. 
You are authorized to transmit solicitation information and materials to and/or collect votes to 
accept or to reject the Plan from Beneficial Holders in accordance with your customary practices, 
including the use of a “voting instruction form” in lieu of (or in addition to) a Beneficial Ballot, 
and providing solicitation information and materials to and collecting votes from Beneficial 
Holders through online voting, by phone, facsimile, or other electronic means, including the use 
of an online platform. 
THIS MASTER BALLOT MUST BE ACTUALLY RECEIVED BY THE 
SOLICITATION AGENT BEFORE 5:00 P.M. (PREVAILING EASTERN TIME) ON 
JUNE 6, 2025 (THE “VOTING DEADLINE”). 
IF THE SOLICITATION AGENT DOES NOT ACTUALLY RECEIVE YOUR MASTER 
BALLOT BEFORE THE VOTING DEADLINE, AND UNLESS THE DEBTORS 
DETERMINE OTHERWISE OR AS PERMITTED BY THE BANKRUPTCY COURT, THE 
VOTES INCLUDED IN YOUR MASTER BALLOT WILL NOT BE COUNTED. 
 
Item 1.  Certification of Authority to Vote. 
The undersigned certifies that, as of the Voting Record Date, the undersigned (please check the 
applicable box): 
☐ 
is a Nominee for Beneficial Holder(s) on account of the Class 3 First Lien Claim(s) 
listed in Item 2 below; 
☐ 
is acting under a power of attorney and/or agency (a copy of which must be 
provided upon request) granted by the Beneficial Holder(s) or a Nominee that is the 
registered Holder of the Class 3 First Lien Claim(s) listed in Item 2 below; or 
☐ 
has been granted a proxy from (a) a Nominee; or (b) the Beneficial Holder that is 
the registered Holder of the Class 3 First Lien Claim(s) listed in Item 2 below. 
Accordingly, the undersigned certifies that it has full power and authority to vote to accept or reject 
the Plan on behalf of such Beneficial Holder(s) on account of such Class 3 First Lien Claims. 
Case 25-10829-CTG    Doc 16    Filed 05/06/25    Page 127 of 150

=== page 128 ===
 
 
 
5 
 
Item 2. Vote of Class 3 First Lien Claim(s). 
The undersigned transmits the following vote(s) of the Beneficial Holder(s) in respect of their 
Class 3 First Lien Claim(s), and certifies that the following Beneficial Holders, as identified by 
their respective customer account numbers set forth below, are a Beneficial Holder as of the Voting 
Record Date and have delivered to the undersigned, as Nominee, properly executed Beneficial 
Ballots casting such votes:4 
Please indicate the CUSIP/ISIN to which this Master Ballot pertains by checking the 
applicable box in Exhibit A hereto 
 
Customer Account Number or Name of 
Each Beneficial Holder 
Item 2 of Beneficial Ballot 
 
Indicate the vote cast on the Beneficial Ballot by 
entering the voting amount in the appropriate 
column below. 
Item 3 of the Beneficial Ballot 
If the Third-Party Release Opt-
In box in item 3 of the 
Beneficial Ballot was checked, 
place an “X” in the column 
below 
Accept the Plan 
Reject the Plan 
 
1. 
 
$ 
$ 
 
2. 
 
$ 
$ 
 
3. 
 
$ 
$ 
 
4. 
 
$ 
$ 
 
5. 
 
$ 
$ 
 
6. 
 
$ 
$ 
 
7. 
 
$ 
$ 
 
8. 
 
$ 
$ 
 
9. 
 
$ 
$ 
 
10. 
 
$ 
$ 
 
TOTAL 
$ 
$ 
 
 
 
4  
Indicate in the appropriate column the aggregate unpaid principal amount voted for each account, or attach such 
information to this Master Ballot in the form of the following table.  Please note each Beneficial Holder must vote 
all of each such Beneficial Holder’s Class 3 First Lien Claims to accept or to reject the Plan, and may not split 
such vote.  Any Beneficial Ballot executed by the Beneficial Holder that does not indicate an acceptance or 
rejection of the Plan, or which indicates both an acceptance and a rejection of the Plan, shall not be counted. 
Case 25-10829-CTG    Doc 16    Filed 05/06/25    Page 128 of 150

=== page 129 ===
 
 
 
6 
 
IF YOU ARE ACTING AS A VOTING NOMINEE FOR MORE THAN TEN BENEFICIAL 
HOLDERS, PLEASE ATTACH ADDITIONAL SHEETS, AS NECESSARY. 
Item 3. Releases. 
The language with respect to Third-Party Releases included in Item 3 of the Beneficial Ballot is 
shown in Annex A attached hereto. 
Item 4. Certification as to Transcription of Information from Item 4 of the Beneficial Ballots 
as to Class 3 First Lien Claims Voted Through Other Beneficial Ballots. 
The undersigned certifies that it has transcribed in the following table the information, if any, that 
the Beneficial Holders have provided in Item 4 of the Beneficial Ballot, identifying any Class 3 
First Lien Claims for which such Beneficial Holders have submitted other ballots (other than to 
the undersigned): 
Your 
Customer 
Account 
Number for 
Each 
Beneficial 
Holder That 
Completed 
Item 4 of the 
Beneficial 
Ballot 
TRANSCRIBE FROM ITEM 4 OF THE BENEFICIAL BALLOTS: 
 
 
Customer 
Account 
Number at 
Nominee of 
Other Class 3 
Senior Secured 
Notes Claims 
Voted 
Name of Registered Holder and DTC 
Participant Number, if Applicable, of 
Nominee of Other Class 3 Senior 
Secured Notes Claims Voted 
Principal 
Amount of 
Other Class 3 
Senior Secured 
Notes Claims 
Voted 
 
CUSIP of 
Other Class 
3 Senior 
Secured 
Notes 
Claims 
Voted 
Plan Vote of 
Other Class 
3 Senior 
Secured 
Notes 
Claims 
Voted 
(Accept or 
Reject) 
1.  
 
 
$ 
 
 
2.  
 
 
$ 
 
 
3.  
 
 
$ 
 
 
4.  
 
 
$ 
 
 
5.  
 
 
$ 
 
 
6.  
 
 
$ 
 
 
7.  
 
 
$ 
 
 
 
Item 5. Certifications. 
By signing this Master Ballot, the undersigned certifies that: 
1. (i) it has received a copy of the Disclosure Statement, the Plan, the Beneficial Ballot, and 
the Solicitation Package, and has delivered the same to the Beneficial Holders holding 
Class 3 First Lien Claims through the undersigned; (ii) it has received a completed and 
signed Beneficial Ballot from each such Beneficial Holder; (iii) it is the registered Holder 
of the securities being voted, or is the agent thereof; and (iv) it has been authorized by each 
such Beneficial Holder to vote on the Plan and to make applicable elections; 
Case 25-10829-CTG    Doc 16    Filed 05/06/25    Page 129 of 150

=== page 130 ===
 
 
 
7 
 
2. it has properly disclosed:  (i) the number of Beneficial Holders holding Class 3 First Lien 
Claims through the undersigned; (ii) the respective amounts of Class 3 First Lien Claims 
owned by each Beneficial Holder; (iii) each such Beneficial Holder’s respective vote 
concerning the Plan; and (iv) the customer account or other identification number for each 
such Beneficial Holder; 
3. if it is a Beneficial Holder and uses this Master Ballot to vote the undersigned’s Class 3 
First Lien Claims, it confirms and attests to each of the certifications in Item 5 of the 
applicable Beneficial Ballot; each such Beneficial Holder has certified to it, or an 
intermediary Nominee, as applicable, that the Beneficial Holder is eligible to vote on the 
Plan; 
4. the undersigned is (a) either (i) a “qualified institutional buyer” (as defined in Rule 144A 
under the Securities Act) or (ii) a person other than a “U.S. person” (as defined in Rule 
902(k) of Regulation S under the Securities Act), or (b) the authorized signatory for a 
Holder of Class 3 First Lien Claims that is a either (i) a “qualified institutional buyer” (as 
defined in Rule 144A under the Securities Act) or (ii) a person other than a “U.S. person” 
(as defined in Rule 902(k) of Regulation S under the Securities Act); provided, that, the 
undersigned’s certification with respect to this clause 5 in respect of any beneficial owner 
is made solely in reliance by the undersigned on a certification provided by such beneficial 
owner to the undersigned that such beneficial owner is either (i) a “qualified institutional 
buyer” (as defined in Rule 144A under the Securities Act) or (ii) a person other than a 
“U.S. person” (as defined in Rule 902(k) of Regulation S under the Securities Act) and the 
undersigned assumes no liability or responsibility for any beneficial owner’s status and 
makes no representation or warranty with respect thereto; and 
5. it will maintain the Beneficial Ballots and evidence of separate transactions returned by the 
Beneficial Holders (whether properly completed or defective) for at least one year after the 
Voting Deadline, and disclose all such information to the Bankruptcy Court or the Debtors, 
as the case may be, if so ordered. 
Item 6. Voter Information and Signature. 
BALLOT COMPLETION INFORMATION — COMPLETE THIS SECTION 
Nominee Name: 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
DTC Participant Number: 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Name of Agent for Nominee 
(if applicable): 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Signature: 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Signatory Name (if other 
than Nominee): 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Title:  
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Case 25-10829-CTG    Doc 16    Filed 05/06/25    Page 130 of 150

=== page 131 ===
 
 
 
8 
 
Address: 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Email Address: 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Telephone: 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Date Completed: 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
PLEASE COMPLETE, SIGN, AND DATE THIS MASTER BALLOT AND RETURN IT 
PROMPTLY! 
THIS MASTER BALLOT MUST BE COMPLETED, EXECUTED, AND RETURNED BY 
ONE OF THE FOLLOWING RETURN METHODS SO THAT IT IS ACTUALLY 
RECEIVED BY THE SOLICITATION AGENT PRIOR TO THE VOTING DEADLINE: 
IN THE ENCLOSED PRE-PAID, PRE-ADDRESSED RETURN ENVELOPE OR OTHERWISE 
BY REGULAR MAIL OR VIA OVERNIGHT COURIER OR HAND DELIVERY TO THE 
ADDRESS SET FORTH BELOW: 
WeightWatchers Ballot Processing 
c/o Kroll Restructuring Administration LLC 
850 Third Avenue, Suite 412 
Brooklyn, New York 11232 
(to arrange hand delivery, please email WeightWatchersBallots@ra.kroll.com (with 
“WeightWatchers Master Ballot Submission” in the subject line) at least 24 hours prior to arrival 
at the Kroll address above and provide the anticipated date and time of delivery)  
 
-OR- 
VIA EMAIL (ATTACHING A SCANNED PDF OF THE FULLY EXECUTED MASTER 
BALLOT) 
TO 
WEIGHTWATCHERSBALLOTS@RA.KROLL.COM, 
WITH 
“WEIGHTWATCHERS MASTER BALLOT SUBMISSION” IN THE SUBJECT LINE. 
 
PLEASE CHOOSE ONLY ONE METHOD TO RETURN THIS MASTER BALLOT.  
THIS MASTER BALLOT MUST BE RECEIVED BEFORE THE VOTING DEADLINE. 
Case 25-10829-CTG    Doc 16    Filed 05/06/25    Page 131 of 150

=== page 132 ===
 
 
 
9 
 
 
MASTER BALLOT INSTRUCTIONS 
1. The Debtors are soliciting the votes of Holders of Class 3 First Lien Claims with respect 
to the Plan.  The Plan and Disclosure Statement are included in the packet you are receiving 
with this Master Ballot.  Capitalized terms used and not defined herein have the meaning 
given to such terms in the Plan or the Disclosure Statement, as applicable. 
2. The Court may confirm the Plan and thereby bind Beneficial Holders of First Lien Claims.  
Please review the Disclosure Statement for more information. 
3. The Plan can be confirmed by the Bankruptcy Court and thereby made binding upon you 
if it is accepted by the Holders of two-thirds of the aggregate principal amount and more 
than one-half in number of the Claims voted in each Class that votes on the Plan and if the 
Plan otherwise satisfies the requirements of section 1129(a) of the Bankruptcy Code.  If 
the Requisite Acceptances are not obtained, the Bankruptcy Court may nonetheless 
confirm the Plan if it finds that the Plan (a) provides fair and equitable treatment to, and 
does not discriminate unfairly against, the Class or Classes rejecting it and (b) otherwise 
satisfies the requirements of section 1129(b) of the Bankruptcy Code. 
4. You should immediately distribute, and in no event no later than three (3) business days 
after receipt, the Beneficial Ballots and the Solicitation Package to all Beneficial Holders 
of Class 3 First Lien Claims and take any action required to enable each such Beneficial 
Holder to timely vote the Claims that it holds.  If your customary practice is to forward the 
solicitation information to and/or collect votes from Beneficial Holders by e-mail, 
telephone, or other customary means of communication, you are authorized to employ that 
method of communication, including use of an online platform, in lieu of sending the paper 
Ballot and/or Solicitation Package.  Any vote transmitted to you, whether by Beneficial 
Ballot or otherwise, by a Beneficial Holder of a Claim shall not be counted for purposes of 
accepting or rejecting the Plan until you properly complete and deliver, to Kroll, a Master 
Ballot that reflects the vote of such Beneficial Holders by the Voting Deadline of 5:00 p.m. 
(prevailing Eastern Time) on June 6, 2025 or otherwise validate the Master Ballot in a 
manner acceptable to Kroll.  If your customary practice is to collect votes from your 
Beneficial Holders by voter information form, e-mail, telephone, or other accepted 
methods of communication, you are authorized to collect the votes and opt-in elections in 
that manner. 
5. To have the votes of your Beneficial Holders count, you should already have done one of 
the following: 
a. delivered the Beneficial Ballots and the Solicitation Package to each 
Beneficial Holder with clear instructions on when to return such ballots to 
you to allow you to complete and return this Master Ballot so that the 
Solicitation Agent actually receives it prior to the Voting Deadline; 
-or- 
Case 25-10829-CTG    Doc 16    Filed 05/06/25    Page 132 of 150

=== page 133 ===
 
 
 
10 
 
b. if you are not submitting this Master Ballot, sent the Beneficial Holders the 
Pre-Validated Beneficial Ballots in their Solicitation Package for direct 
return to the Solicitation Agent. 
6. With regard to any votes returned to you by a Beneficial Holder (whether through 
Beneficial Ballot or otherwise), you must compile and validate the votes, execute the 
Master Ballot, and deliver the Master Ballot to Kroll so that it is actually received by Kroll 
on or before the Voting Deadline.  All Beneficial Ballots (or customary communications 
for transmitting votes) returned by Beneficial Holders should be retained for inspection for 
at least one (1) year from the Voting Deadline.  You may be ordered to produce the 
Beneficial Ballots (or customary communications for transmitting votes) to the Debtors or 
the Bankruptcy Court. 
7. You may complete and deliver to Kroll multiple Master Ballots.  Votes reflected on 
multiple Master Ballots will be counted, except to the extent that they are duplicative of 
other Master Ballots.  If two or more Master Ballots are inconsistent, the latest received 
valid Master Ballot received prior to the Voting Deadline will, to the extent of such 
inconsistency, supersede and revoke any prior received Master Ballot.  Likewise, if a 
Beneficial Holder submits to you more than one Beneficial Ballot, (i) the latest received 
Ballot from a Beneficial Holder before the submission deadline that you impose shall be 
deemed to supersede any prior Ballot submitted by the Beneficial Holder; and (ii) you 
should complete the Master Ballot accordingly. 
8. If you are both the Nominee and Beneficial Holder, and you wish to vote such Class 3 
Senior Secured Notes Claims for which you are a Beneficial Holder, you may return this 
Master Ballot for such Class 3 Senior Secured Notes Claims. 
9. This Master Ballot is not a letter of transmittal and may not be used for any purpose other 
than to vote to accept or reject the Plan.  Accordingly, at this time, creditors should not 
surrender certificates or instruments representing or evidencing their Claims, and neither 
the Debtors nor the Solicitation Agent will accept delivery of any such certificates or 
instruments surrendered together with this Master Ballot. 
10. This Master Ballot does not constitute, and shall not be deemed to be, a Proof of Claim or 
an assertion or admission of a Claim. 
11. You must vote all of your Claims within a particular Class either to accept or reject the 
Plan (i.e., you may not split your vote). 
12. For purposes of tabulating votes, you or a Beneficial Holder will be deemed to have voted 
the principal amount of your or its Claims in a particular Class, although any principal 
amounts may be adjusted by the Solicitation Agent to reflect the amount of the Claim 
actually voted, including prepetition interest. 
13. Please be sure to sign and date this Master Ballot.  If you are signing this Master Ballot in 
your capacity as a trustee, executor, administrator, guardian, attorney in fact, officer of a 
corporation, or otherwise acting in a fiduciary or representative capacity, you should 
indicate such capacity when signing and, if requested by the Solicitation Agent or the 
Case 25-10829-CTG    Doc 16    Filed 05/06/25    Page 133 of 150

=== page 134 ===
 
 
 
11 
 
Debtors, must submit proper evidence of such capacity to the requesting party.  In addition, 
please provide your name and mailing address if it is different from that set forth on the 
attached mailing label or if no such mailing label is attached to this Master Ballot. 
14. Votes cast by your Beneficial Holder clients on this Master Ballot will be applied to the 
applicable positions you as the Nominee hold, as of the Voting Record Date, as evidenced 
by the applicable securities position report(s) obtained from the Indenture Trustee and/or 
the Depository Trust Company (“DTC”) or other applicable depository firm.  Votes 
submitted pursuant to a Master Ballot will not be counted in excess of the amount of First 
Lien Claims you hold as of the Voting Record Date. 
15. If you submit conflicting votes or “over-votes,” the Solicitation Agent will use reasonable 
efforts to reconcile discrepancies with the applicable Nominee.  If over-votes on a Master 
Ballot are not reconciled prior to the preparation of the voting report, the Debtors shall 
apply the votes to accept and to reject the Plan in the same proportion as the votes to accept 
and to reject the Plan submitted on the Master Ballot that contained the over-vote, but only 
to the extent of your position in the particular Class. 
16. The following ballots or Master Ballots, as applicable, shall not be counted in determining 
the acceptance or rejection of the Plan: (a) any ballot or Master Ballot that is illegible or 
contains insufficient information to permit the identification of the Holder of the Claim; 
(b) any ballot or Master Ballot not actually received by the Solicitation Agent before the 
Voting Deadline, unless the Debtors determine otherwise or as permitted by the 
Bankruptcy Court; (c) any unsigned ballot or Master Ballot; (d) any ballot that does not 
contain a signature; (e) any ballot or Master Ballot that partially rejects and partially 
accepts the Plan; (f) any ballot or Master Ballot not marked to either accept or reject the 
Plan, or marked to both accept and reject the Plan; and (g) any ballot or Master Ballot 
superseded by a later, timely submitted valid ballot. 
17. If you believe you have received the wrong ballot, you should contact the Solicitation 
Agent immediately at (888) 643-6250 (U.S./Canada, toll-free) or +1(646) 930-6250 
(international, toll). 
18. The Debtors will, upon written request, reimburse you for customary mailing and handling 
expenses you incur in forwarding the Solicitation Package and Ballot to the Beneficial 
Holders for which you are the Nominee.  No fees or commissions or other remuneration 
will be payable to any broker, dealer, or other person for soliciting votes from Beneficial 
Holders with respect to the Plan. 
PLEASE MAIL YOUR BALLOT PROMPTLY! 
IF YOU HAVE ANY QUESTIONS REGARDING THIS MASTER BALLOT OR THE 
PROCEDURE FOR VOTING ON THE PLAN, OR IF YOU HAVE RECEIVED A 
DAMAGED MASTER BALLOT OR HAVE LOST YOUR MASTER BALLOT, OR IF 
YOU NEED ADDITIONAL COPIES OF THE MASTER BALLOT, BENEFICIAL 
BALLOT, DISCLOSURE STATEMENT, PLAN, OR OTHER RELATED MATERIALS, 
PLEASE CONTACT KROLL RESTRUCTURING ADMINISTRATION LLC (THE 
Case 25-10829-CTG    Doc 16    Filed 05/06/25    Page 134 of 150

=== page 135 ===
 
 
 
12 
 
DEBTORS’ SOLICITATION AGENT) AT: (888) 643-6250 (U.S./CANADA, TOLL-
FREE) OR +1-(646) 930-6250  (INTERNATIONAL, TOLL) OR VIA EMAIL:  
WEIGHTWATCHERSINFO@RA.KROLL.COM, SUBJECT LINE:  
“WEIGHTWATCHERS SOLICITATION INQUIRY”. 
PLEASE BE ADVISED THAT THE SOLICITATION AGENT IS NOT AUTHORIZED 
TO PROVIDE, AND WILL NOT PROVIDE, LEGAL ADVICE. 
[Remainder of page intentionally left blank] 
 
Case 25-10829-CTG    Doc 16    Filed 05/06/25    Page 135 of 150

=== page 136 ===
 
 
 
13 
 
EXHIBIT A 
Please check one and only one box below to indicate the CUSIP / ISIN to which this Master 
Ballot pertains, or otherwise provide that information on a label or schedule attached to the 
Master Ballot.  Multiple checked boxes below risk invalidation of the votes contained in this 
Master Ballot. 
CLASS 3 – FIRST LIEN CLAIMS 
 
 
DESCRIPTION 
CUSIP / ISIN 
 
4.5% First Lien due 04/15/2029 (144A) 
98262PAA9 / US98262PAA93 
 
4.5% First Lien due 04/15/2029 (REGS) 
U85332AA9 / USU85332AA92 
 
 
Case 25-10829-CTG    Doc 16    Filed 05/06/25    Page 136 of 150

=== page 137 ===
 
 
 
14 
 
ANNEX A 
Release Language from Beneficial Ballot 
Important information regarding the Releases by Holders of Claims and Interests of the Debtors, 
Exculpation and Injunction Provisions, and Optional Opt-In Election. 
The Plan contains a series of releases that are part of the overall restructuring set forth in the Plan 
and described in greater detail in the Disclosure Statement.  In that respect, parties should be aware 
that, if the Plan is confirmed and the Effective Date occurs, certain parties will be getting releases 
and certain parties will be giving releases as set forth in Article XI of the Plan.  For your 
convenience, excerpts of the release provisions from the Plan are set forth below, however, you 
should carefully read the enclosed Disclosure Statement and Plan with respect to the releases. 
ARTICLE XI.E OF THE PLAN PROVIDES FOR A THIRD-PARTY RELEASE BY 
THE RELEASING PARTIES (THE “THIRD-PARTY RELEASE”): 
EXCEPT AS OTHERWISE EXPRESSLY SET FORTH IN THIS PLAN OR THE 
CONFIRMATION ORDER, ON AND AFTER THE PLAN EFFECTIVE DATE, IN 
EXCHANGE 
FOR 
GOOD 
AND 
VALUABLE 
CONSIDERATION, 
THE 
ADEQUACY OF WHICH IS HEREBY CONFIRMED, EACH RELEASED PARTY 
IS, AND IS DEEMED TO BE, HEREBY CONCLUSIVELY, ABSOLUTELY, 
UNCONDITIONALLY, IRREVOCABLY AND FOREVER, RELEASED AND 
DISCHARGED BY EACH RELEASING PARTY FROM ANY AND ALL CLAIMS 
AND CAUSES OF ACTION, IN EACH CASE ON BEHALF OF THEMSELVES 
AND 
THEIR 
RESPECTIVE 
SUCCESSORS, 
ASSIGNS, 
AND 
REPRESENTATIVES, AND ANY AND ALL ENTITIES WHO MAY PURPORT 
TO ASSERT ANY CLAIM OR CAUSE OF ACTION, DIRECTLY OR 
DERIVATIVELY, BY, THROUGH, FOR, OR BECAUSE OF THE FOREGOING 
ENTITIES, FROM ANY AND ALL CLAIMS AND CAUSES OF ACTION, 
INCLUDING ANY DERIVATIVE CLAIMS, ASSERTED OR ASSERTABLE ON 
BEHALF OF ANY OF THE FOREGOING ENTITIES, WHETHER KNOWN OR 
UNKNOWN, FORESEEN OR UNFORESEEN, MATURED OR UNMATURED, 
LIQUIDATED OR UNLIQUIDATED, FIXED OR CONTINGENT, EXISTING OR 
HEREAFTER ARISING, IN LAW, EQUITY, CONTRACT, TORT, OR 
OTHERWISE, INCLUDING ANY DERIVATIVE CLAIMS ASSERTED OR 
ASSERTABLE ON BEHALF OF THE DEBTORS, THE REORGANIZED 
DEBTORS, OR THEIR ESTATES, THAT SUCH ENTITY WOULD HAVE BEEN 
ENTITLED TO ASSERT (WHETHER INDIVIDUALLY OR COLLECTIVELY) 
OR ON BEHALF OF THE HOLDER OF ANY CLAIM AGAINST, OR INTEREST 
IN, A DEBTOR, A REORGANIZED DEBTOR, OR THEIR ESTATES OR OTHER 
ENTITY, BASED ON OR RELATING TO, OR IN ANY MANNER ARISING 
FROM, IN WHOLE OR IN PART, THE DEBTORS (INCLUDING THE CAPITAL 
STRUCTURE, BUSINESS, MANAGEMENT, OWNERSHIP, OR OPERATION 
THEREOF), THE PURCHASE, SALE, OR RESCISSION OF ANY SECURITY OF 
THE DEBTORS OR THE REORGANIZED DEBTORS, THE SUBJECT MATTER 
OF, OR THE TRANSACTIONS OR EVENTS GIVING RISE TO, ANY CLAIM OR 
Case 25-10829-CTG    Doc 16    Filed 05/06/25    Page 137 of 150

=== page 138 ===
 
 
 
15 
 
INTEREST THAT IS TREATED IN THE PLAN, THE BUSINESS OR 
CONTRACTUAL ARRANGEMENTS BETWEEN OR AMONG ANY DEBTOR 
AND ANY RELEASED PARTY, THE OWNERSHIP AND/OR OPERATION OF 
THE DEBTORS BY ANY RELEASED PARTY OR THE DISTRIBUTION OF ANY 
CASH OR OTHER PROPERTY OF THE DEBTORS TO ANY RELEASED 
PARTY, THE FIRST LIEN CREDIT AGREEMENT CLAIMS, THE SENIOR 
SECURED NOTES CLAIMS, CASH MANAGEMENT ARRANGEMENTS, THE 
ASSERTION OR ENFORCEMENT OF RIGHTS OR REMEDIES AGAINST THE 
DEBTORS, THE DEBTORS’ IN- OR OUT-OF-COURT RESTRUCTURING 
EFFORTS, ANY AVOIDANCE ACTIONS (BUT EXCLUDING AVOIDANCE 
ACTIONS BROUGHT AS COUNTERCLAIMS OR DEFENSES TO CLAIMS 
ASSERTED AGAINST THE DEBTORS), INTERCOMPANY TRANSACTIONS 
BETWEEN OR AMONG A DEBTOR OR AN AFFILIATE OF A DEBTOR AND 
ANOTHER DEBTOR OR AFFILIATE OF A DEBTOR, THE CHAPTER 11 
CASES, 
THE 
FORMULATION, 
PREPARATION, 
DISSEMINATION, 
NEGOTIATION, 
OR 
FILING 
OF 
THE 
RESTRUCTURING 
SUPPORT 
AGREEMENT 
AND RELATED PREPETITION 
TRANSACTIONS, THE 
DISCLOSURE STATEMENT, THE FIRST LIEN CREDIT AGREEMENT, THE 
SENIOR 
SECURED 
NOTES 
INDENTURE 
THE 
NEW 
TERM 
LOAN 
DOCUMENTS, THE NEW NOTES DOCUMENTS, THE PLAN (INCLUDING, 
FOR THE AVOIDANCE OF DOUBT, THE PLAN SUPPLEMENT), ANY OTHER 
DEFINITIVE DOCUMENT, OR ANY RESTRUCTURING TRANSACTION, 
CONTRACT, INSTRUMENT, RELEASE, OR OTHER AGREEMENT OR 
DOCUMENT (INCLUDING ANY LEGAL OPINION REQUESTED BY ANY 
ENTITY REGARDING ANY TRANSACTION, CONTRACT, INSTRUMENT, 
DOCUMENT, OR OTHER AGREEMENT CONTEMPLATED BY THE PLAN OR 
THE RELIANCE BY ANY RELEASED PARTY ON THE PLAN OR THE 
CONFIRMATION ORDER IN LIEU OF SUCH LEGAL OPINION) RELATING 
TO ANY OF THE FOREGOING, CREATED OR ENTERED INTO IN 
CONNECTION WITH THE RESTRUCTURING SUPPORT AGREEMENT, THE 
DISCLOSURE STATEMENT, THE FIRST LIEN CREDIT AGREEMENT AND 
ANY FACILITY THEREUNDER, THE SENIOR SECURED NOTES INDENTURE 
AND ANY FACILITY THEREUNDER, THE NEW TERM LOAN DOCUMENTS, 
THE NEW NOTES DOCUMENTS, THE NEW COMMON EQUITY, THE NEW 
ORGANIZATIONAL DOCUMENTS, THE PLAN, THE PLAN SUPPLEMENT, 
ANY OTHER DEFINITIVE DOCUMENT BEFORE OR DURING THE CHAPTER 
11 CASES, ANY PREFERENCE, FRAUDULENT TRANSFER, OR OTHER 
AVOIDANCE CLAIM ARISING PURSUANT TO CHAPTER 5 OF THE 
BANKRUPTCY CODE OR OTHER APPLICABLE LAW, THE FILING OF THE 
CHAPTER 11 CASES, THE SOLICITATION OF VOTES ON THE PLAN, THE 
PURSUIT OF CONFIRMATION OF THE PLAN, THE PURSUIT OF 
CONSUMMATION, THE ADMINISTRATION AND IMPLEMENTATION OF 
THE PLAN, INCLUDING THE ISSUANCE OR DISTRIBUTION OF DEBT 
AND/OR SECURITIES PURSUANT TO THE PLAN, OR THE DISTRIBUTION 
OF PROPERTY UNDER THE PLAN OR ANY OTHER RELATED AGREEMENT, 
OR UPON ANY OTHER ACT OR OMISSION, TRANSACTION, AGREEMENT, 
Case 25-10829-CTG    Doc 16    Filed 05/06/25    Page 138 of 150

=== page 139 ===
 
 
 
16 
 
EVENT, OR OTHER OCCURRENCE RELATED OR RELATING TO ANY OF 
THE FOREGOING TAKING PLACE ON OR BEFORE THE EFFECTIVE DATE, 
OTHER THAN CLAIMS OR LIABILITIES PRIMARILY ARISING OUT OF ANY 
ACT OR OMISSION OF A RELEASED PARTY THAT CONSTITUTES ACTUAL 
FRAUD, WILLFUL MISCONDUCT, OR GROSS NEGLIGENCE, EACH SOLELY 
TO THE EXTENT AS DETERMINED BY A FINAL ORDER OF A COURT OF 
COMPETENT JURISDICTION.  NOTWITHSTANDING ANYTHING TO THE 
CONTRARY IN THE FOREGOING, THE RELEASES SET FORTH ABOVE DO 
NOT RELEASE ANY POST EFFECTIVE DATE OBLIGATIONS OF ANY PARTY 
OR ENTITY UNDER THE PLAN, THE CONFIRMATION ORDER, ANY 
RESTRUCTURING TRANSACTION, OR ANY DOCUMENT, INSTRUMENT, OR 
AGREEMENT 
(INCLUDING 
THOSE 
SET 
FORTH 
IN 
THE 
PLAN 
SUPPLEMENT) EXECUTED TO IMPLEMENT THE PLAN, INCLUDING THE 
NEW TERM LOAN DOCUMENTS, THE NEW NOTES DOCUMENTS, THE NEW 
ORGANIZATIONAL DOCUMENTS OR ANY CLAIM OR OBLIGATION 
ARISING UNDER THE PLAN.  
ENTRY OF THE CONFIRMATION ORDER SHALL CONSTITUTE THE 
BANKRUPTCY COURT’S APPROVAL, PURSUANT TO BANKRUPTCY RULE 
9019, OF THE RELEASE IN THIS ARTICLE XI.E, WHICH INCLUDES BY 
REFERENCE EACH OF THE RELATED PROVISIONS AND DEFINITIONS 
CONTAINED HEREIN, AND, FURTHER, SHALL CONSTITUTE THE 
BANKRUPTCY COURT’S FINDING THAT THE RELEASE IN THIS ARTICLE 
XI.E IS:  (I) CONSENSUAL; (II) ESSENTIAL TO THE CONFIRMATION OF THE 
PLAN; (III) GIVEN IN EXCHANGE FOR THE GOOD AND VALUABLE 
CONSIDERATION PROVIDED BY EACH OF THE RELEASED PARTIES, 
INCLUDING THE RELEASED PARTIES’ SUBSTANTIAL CONTRIBUTIONS 
TO 
FACILITATING 
THE 
RESTRUCTURING 
TRANSACTIONS 
AND 
IMPLEMENTING THE PLAN; (IV) A GOOD FAITH SETTLEMENT AND 
COMPROMISE OF THE CLAIMS RELEASED BY THIS ARTICLE XI.E; (V) IN 
THE BEST INTERESTS OF THE DEBTORS AND THEIR ESTATES; (VI) FAIR, 
EQUITABLE, AND REASONABLE; (VII) GIVEN AND MADE AFTER DUE 
NOTICE AND OPPORTUNITY FOR HEARING; AND (VIII) A BAR TO ANY OF 
THE RELEASING PARTIES ASSERTING ANY CLAIM OR CAUSE OF ACTION 
RELEASED PURSUANT TO THIS ARTICLE XI.E. 
EACH OF THE RELEASING PARTIES EXPRESSLY ACKNOWLEDGES THAT 
THE RELEASES AND COVENANTS NOT TO SUE CONTAINED IN THE PLAN 
ARE EFFECTIVE REGARDLESS OF WHETHER THOSE RELEASED 
MATTERS OR RELEASED CLAIMS OR CAUSES OF ACTION ARE 
PRESENTLY KNOWN OR UNKNOWN, SUSPECTED OR UNSUSPECTED, OR 
FORESEEN OR UNFORESEEN. 
IMPORTANT INFORMATION REGARDING THE THIRD-PARTY RELEASE: 
UNDER THE PLAN, “RELEASED PARTY” MEANS, COLLECTIVELY EACH OF, 
AND IN EACH CASE IN ITS CAPACITY AS SUCH: (I) EACH DEBTOR; (II) EACH 
Case 25-10829-CTG    Doc 16    Filed 05/06/25    Page 139 of 150

=== page 140 ===
 
 
 
17 
 
REORGANIZED 
DEBTOR; 
(III) EACH 
AGENT; 
(IV) THE 
CONSENTING 
CREDITORS; (V) ALL HOLDERS OF CLAIMS AND INTERESTS THAT ELECT TO 
OPT IN TO THE THIRD PARTY RELEASES SET FORTH IN ARTICLE XI OF THE 
PLAN AND (VI) EACH RELATED PARTY OF EACH ENTITY OR PERSON IN 
CLAUSE (I) THROUGH CLAUSE (V); PROVIDED THAT IN EACH CASE, AN 
ENTITY OR PERSON SHALL NOT BE A RELEASED PARTY IF IT TIMELY FILES 
WITH THE BANKRUPTCY COURT ON THE DOCKET OF THE CHAPTER 11 
CASES AN OBJECTION TO THE THIRD-PARTY RELEASES CONTAINED IN THE 
PLAN 
THAT 
IS 
NOT 
WITHDRAWN 
OR 
OTHERWISE 
RESOLVED 
BEFORE CONFIRMATION.  
UNDER THE PLAN, “RELEASING PARTIES” MEANS, COLLECTIVELY EACH OF, 
AND IN EACH CASE IN ITS CAPACITY AS SUCH: (I) THE RELEASED PARTIES; 
(II) ALL HOLDERS OF CLAIMS AND INTERESTS THAT ELECT TO “OPT IN” TO 
THE THIRD-PARTY RELEASES SET FORTH IN ARTICLE XI OF THE PLAN; AND 
(III) EACH RELATED PARTY OF EACH ENTITY OR PERSON IN CLAUSE (I) AND 
CLAUSE (II). 
ARTICLE XI.C OF THE PLAN PROVIDES FOR AN EXCULPATION OF 
CERTAIN PARTIES (THE “EXCULPATION”): 
NOTWITHSTANDING ANYTHING CONTAINED IN THIS PLAN TO THE 
CONTRARY, 
TO 
THE 
FULLEST 
EXTENT 
PERMISSIBLE 
UNDER 
APPLICABLE LAW AND WITHOUT AFFECTING OR LIMITING THE 
RELEASES IN ARTICLE XI.D AND XI.E, EFFECTIVE AS OF THE EFFECTIVE 
DATE, NO EXCULPATED PARTY SHALL HAVE OR INCUR LIABILITY OR 
OBLIGATION FOR, AND EACH EXCULPATED PARTY IS HEREBY 
RELEASED AND EXCULPATED FROM ANY CAUSE OF ACTION FOR ANY 
CLAIM RELATED TO ANY ACT OR OMISSION IN CONNECTION WITH, 
RELATING TO, OR ARISING OUT OF, IN WHOLE OR IN PART, THE 
DEBTORS 
(INCLUDING 
THE 
MANAGEMENT, 
OWNERSHIP, 
OR 
OPERATION THEREOF), THE PURCHASE, SALE, OR RESCISSION OF ANY 
SECURITY OF THE DEBTORS OR THE REORGANIZED DEBTORS, THE 
SUBJECT MATTER OF, OR THE TRANSACTIONS OR EVENTS GIVING RISE 
TO, ANY CLAIM OR INTEREST THAT IS TREATED IN THE PLAN, THE 
BUSINESS OR CONTRACTUAL ARRANGEMENTS BETWEEN ANY DEBTOR 
AND ANY RELEASED PARTY, THE FIRST LIEN CREDIT AGREEMENT 
CLAIMS, THE SENIOR SECURED NOTES CLAIMS, CASH MANAGEMENT 
ARRANGEMENTS, 
THE 
DEBTORS’ 
IN- 
OR 
OUT-OF-COURT 
RESTRUCTURING EFFORTS, INTERCOMPANY TRANSACTIONS, THE 
CHAPTER 
11 
CASES, 
THE 
FORMULATION, 
PREPARATION, 
DISSEMINATION, NEGOTIATION, FILING, OR TERMINATION OF THE 
RESTRUCTURING SUPPORT AGREEMENT AND RELATED PREPETITION 
TRANSACTIONS, THE FIRST LIEN CREDIT AGREEMENT (INCLUDING ANY 
AMENDMENTS, RESTATEMENTS OR SUPPLEMENTS THERETO), THE 
SENIOR SECURED NOTES INDENTURE (INCLUDING ANY AMENDMENTS, 
RESTATEMENTS OR SUPPLEMENTS THERETO), THE NEW TERM LOAN 
Case 25-10829-CTG    Doc 16    Filed 05/06/25    Page 140 of 150

=== page 141 ===
 
 
 
18 
 
DOCUMENTS, THE NEW NOTES DOCUMENTS, THE NEW COMMON 
EQUITY, THE NEW ORGANIZATIONAL DOCUMENTS, THE DISCLOSURE 
STATEMENT, 
THE 
PLAN, 
THE 
PLAN 
SUPPLEMENT, 
OR 
ANY 
RESTRUCTURING TRANSACTION, CONTRACT, INSTRUMENT, RELEASE, 
OR OTHER AGREEMENT OR DOCUMENT (INCLUDING ANY LEGAL 
OPINION REQUESTED BY ANY ENTITY REGARDING ANY TRANSACTION, 
CONTRACT, INSTRUMENT, DOCUMENT, OR OTHER AGREEMENT 
CONTEMPLATED BY THE PLAN OR THE RELIANCE BY ANY PARTY ON 
THE PLAN OR THE CONFIRMATION ORDER IN LIEU OF SUCH LEGAL 
OPINION) RELATING TO ANY OF THE FOREGOING, CREATED OR 
ENTERED INTO IN CONNECTION WITH THE RESTRUCTURING SUPPORT 
AGREEMENT, THE FIRST LIEN CREDIT AGREEMENT, THE SENIOR 
SECURED NOTES INDENTURE, THE NEW TERM LOAN DOCUMENTS, THE 
NEW NOTES DOCUMENTS, THE DISCLOSURE STATEMENT, THE PLAN, 
THE PLAN SUPPLEMENT, BEFORE OR DURING THE CHAPTER 11 CASES, 
ANY PREFERENCE, FRAUDULENT TRANSFER, OR OTHER AVOIDANCE 
CLAIM ARISING PURSUANT TO CHAPTER 5 OF THE BANKRUPTCY CODE 
OR OTHER APPLICABLE LAW, THE FILING OF THE CHAPTER 11 CASES, 
THE PURSUIT OF CONFIRMATION, THE PURSUIT OF CONSUMMATION, 
THE 
ADMINISTRATION 
AND 
IMPLEMENTATION 
OF 
THE 
PLAN, 
INCLUDING THE ISSUANCE OR DISTRIBUTION OF DEBT AND/OR 
SECURITIES PURSUANT TO THE PLAN, OR THE DISTRIBUTION OF 
PROPERTY UNDER THE PLAN OR ANY OTHER RELATED AGREEMENT, OR 
UPON ANY OTHER RELATED ACT OR OMISSION, TRANSACTION, 
AGREEMENT, EVENT, OR OTHER OCCURRENCE TAKING PLACE ON OR 
BEFORE THE PLAN EFFECTIVE DATE, EXCEPT FOR CLAIMS RELATED TO 
ANY ACT OR OMISSION THAT IS DETERMINED IN A FINAL ORDER BY A 
COURT OF COMPETENT JURISDICTION TO HAVE CONSTITUTED ACTUAL 
FRAUD, WILLFUL MISCONDUCT, OR GROSS NEGLIGENCE, BUT IN ALL 
RESPECTS SUCH ENTITIES SHALL BE ENTITLED TO REASONABLY RELY 
UPON THE ADVICE OF COUNSEL WITH RESPECT TO THEIR DUTIES AND 
RESPONSIBILITIES PURSUANT TO THE PLAN.  THIS EXCULPATION 
SHALL BE IN ADDITION TO, AND NOT IN LIMITATION OF, ALL OTHER 
RELEASES, 
INDEMNITIES, 
EXCULPATIONS, 
AND 
ANY 
OTHER 
APPLICABLE LAW OR RULES PROTECTING SUCH EXCULPATED PARTIES 
FROM LIABILITY.  
THE EXCULPATED PARTIES HAVE, AND UPON CONFIRMATION OF THE 
PLAN SHALL BE DEEMED TO HAVE, PARTICIPATED IN GOOD FAITH AND 
IN COMPLIANCE WITH THE APPLICABLE LAWS WITH REGARD TO THE 
SOLICITATION OF VOTES AND DISTRIBUTION OF CONSIDERATION 
PURSUANT TO THE PLAN AND, THEREFORE, ARE NOT, AND ON ACCOUNT 
OF SUCH DISTRIBUTIONS SHALL NOT BE, LIABLE AT ANY TIME FOR THE 
VIOLATION OF ANY APPLICABLE LAW, RULE, OR REGULATION 
GOVERNING THE SOLICITATION OF ACCEPTANCES OR REJECTIONS OF 
THE PLAN OR SUCH DISTRIBUTIONS MADE PURSUANT TO THE PLAN. 
Case 25-10829-CTG    Doc 16    Filed 05/06/25    Page 141 of 150

=== page 142 ===
 
 
 
19 
 
ARTICLE 
XI.F 
OF 
THE 
PLAN 
ESTABLISHES 
AN 
INJUNCTION 
(THE “INJUNCTION”): 
EXCEPT AS OTHERWISE EXPRESSLY PROVIDED IN THIS PLAN OR THE 
CONFIRMATION ORDER OR FOR OBLIGATIONS OR DISTRIBUTIONS 
ISSUED OR REQUIRED TO BE PAID PURSUANT TO THE PLAN OR THE 
CONFIRMATION ORDER, ALL ENTITIES WHO HAVE HELD, HOLD, OR 
MAY HOLD CLAIMS OR INTERESTS THAT HAVE BEEN RELEASED, 
DISCHARGED, OR ARE SUBJECT TO EXCULPATION ARE PERMANENTLY 
ENJOINED, FROM AND AFTER THE EFFECTIVE DATE, FROM TAKING ANY 
OF THE FOLLOWING ACTIONS AGAINST, AS APPLICABLE, THE DEBTORS, 
THE REORGANIZED DEBTORS, THE EXCULPATED PARTIES, OR THE 
RELEASED PARTIES:  (1) COMMENCING OR CONTINUING IN ANY 
MANNER ANY ACTION OR OTHER PROCEEDING OF ANY KIND ON 
ACCOUNT OF OR IN CONNECTION WITH OR WITH RESPECT TO ANY 
SUCH 
CLAIMS 
OR 
INTERESTS; 
(2) ENFORCING, 
ATTACHING, 
COLLECTING, OR RECOVERING BY ANY MANNER OR MEANS ANY 
JUDGMENT, AWARD, DECREE, OR ORDER AGAINST SUCH ENTITIES ON 
ACCOUNT OF OR IN CONNECTION WITH OR WITH RESPECT TO ANY 
SUCH 
CLAIMS 
OR 
INTERESTS; 
(3) CREATING, 
PERFECTING, 
OR 
ENFORCING ANY LIEN OR ENCUMBRANCE OF ANY KIND AGAINST SUCH 
ENTITIES OR THE PROPERTY OR THE ESTATES OF SUCH ENTITIES ON 
ACCOUNT OF OR IN CONNECTION WITH OR WITH RESPECT TO ANY 
SUCH CLAIMS OR INTERESTS; (4) ASSERTING ANY RIGHT OF SETOFF, 
SUBROGATION, OR RECOUPMENT OF ANY KIND AGAINST ANY 
OBLIGATION DUE FROM SUCH ENTITIES OR AGAINST THE PROPERTY OF 
SUCH ENTITIES ON ACCOUNT OF OR IN CONNECTION WITH OR WITH 
RESPECT TO ANY SUCH CLAIMS OR INTERESTS UNLESS SUCH HOLDER 
HAS FILED A MOTION REQUESTING THE RIGHT TO PERFORM SUCH 
SETOFF ON OR BEFORE THE EFFECTIVE DATE, AND NOTWITHSTANDING 
AN INDICATION OF A CLAIM OR INTEREST OR OTHERWISE THAT SUCH 
HOLDER ASSERTS, HAS, OR INTENDS TO PRESERVE ANY RIGHT OF 
SETOFF PURSUANT TO APPLICABLE LAW OR OTHERWISE; AND (5) 
COMMENCING OR CONTINUING IN ANY MANNER ANY ACTION OR 
OTHER PROCEEDING OF ANY KIND ON ACCOUNT OF OR IN CONNECTION 
WITH OR WITH RESPECT TO ANY SUCH CLAIMS OR INTERESTS 
RELEASED OR SETTLED PURSUANT TO THE PLAN.  UPON ENTRY OF THE 
CONFIRMATION ORDER, ALL HOLDERS OF CLAIMS AND INTERESTS AND 
THEIR RESPECTIVE RELATED PARTIES SHALL BE ENJOINED FROM 
TAKING ANY ACTIONS TO INTERFERE WITH THE IMPLEMENTATION OR 
CONSUMMATION OF THE PLAN.  EXCEPT AS OTHERWISE SET FORTH IN 
THE CONFIRMATION ORDER, EACH HOLDER OF AN ALLOWED CLAIM 
OR ALLOWED INTEREST, AS APPLICABLE, BY ACCEPTING, OR BEING 
ELIGIBLE TO ACCEPT, DISTRIBUTIONS UNDER OR REINSTATEMENT OF 
SUCH CLAIM OR INTEREST, AS APPLICABLE, PURSUANT TO THE PLAN, 
SHALL BE DEEMED TO HAVE CONSENTED TO THE INJUNCTION 
PROVISIONS SET FORTH HEREIN. 
Case 25-10829-CTG    Doc 16    Filed 05/06/25    Page 142 of 150

=== page 143 ===
 
 
 
 
 
EXHIBIT C 
New Notes Election & Distribution Procedures Notice
Case 25-10829-CTG    Doc 16    Filed 05/06/25    Page 143 of 150

=== page 144 ===
 
 
IN THE UNITED STATES BANKRUPTCY COURT 
FOR THE DISTRICT OF DELAWARE 
 
In re: 
 
WW INTERNATIONAL, INC., et al.,1 
 
Debtors. 
 
  
Chapter 11 
 
Case No. 25-[__] (   ) 
 
(Jointly Administered) 
 
Ref Docket No. ___ 
 
 
SPECIAL NOTICE RELATING TO THE NEW NOTES ELECTION & DISTRIBUTION 
PROCEDURES 
This document is the New Notes Election & Distribution Procedures Notice for Holders 
of First Lien Claims.  Please read this document carefully as it contains important 
information on requirements for receiving New Takeback Debt. 
ACTION REQUIRED: 
IF YOU WISH TO MAKE AN ELECTION TO RECEIVE NEW NOTES INSTEAD OF 
NEW TERM LOANS ON ACCOUNT OF YOUR FIRST LIEN CLAIM(S), YOU MUST 
MAKE THE NEW NOTES ELECTION AND FOLLOW THE PROCEDURES SET 
FORTH BELOW BY JUNE 17, 2025 AT 5:00 P.M. (PREVAILING EASTERN TIME) 
(THE “NEW NOTES ELECTION DEADLINE”) OR YOUR ELECTION MAY NOT 
BE VALID OR CONSIDERED. 
 
PLEASE TAKE NOTICE THAT: 
On May 6, 2025 (the “Petition Date”), WW International, Inc. and certain of its affiliates 
(collectively, the “Debtors”) each commenced a case under chapter 11 (collectively, the “Chapter 
11 Cases”) of title 11 of the United States Code, 11 U.S.C. §§ 101–1532 (the “Bankruptcy Code”), 
in the United States Bankruptcy Court for the District of Delaware (the “Court”). 
 
1  
The Debtors in these Chapter 11 Cases, along with the last four digits of their federal tax identification numbers, 
to the extent applicable, are WW International, Inc. (0273), WW North America Holdings, LLC (6141), WW 
Canada Holdco, Inc. (5680), WW.com, LLC (4196), W Holdco, Inc. (4087), WW Health Solutions, Inc. (3859), 
Weekend Health, Inc. (6812), and WW NewCo, Inc. (N/A).  The Debtors’ headquarters is located at 675 Avenue 
of the Americas, 6th Floor, New York, NY 10010. 
Case 25-10829-CTG    Doc 16    Filed 05/06/25    Page 144 of 150

=== page 145 ===
 
 
2 
 
On the Petition Date, the Debtors filed a joint “prepackaged” plan of reorganization 
(the “Plan”) and a proposed disclosure statement (the “Disclosure Statement”) pursuant to sections 
1125 and 1126 of the Bankruptcy Code.  Solicitation of the Plan commenced on May 6, 2025.  
Copies of the Plan, the Disclosure Statement, and related documents may be obtained free of 
charge by visiting the website maintained by the Debtors’ notice, claims and solicitation agent, 
Kroll 
Restructuring 
Administration 
LLC 
(the “Solicitation 
Agent”), 
at 
https://restructuring.ra.kroll.com/WeightWatchers/. 
On May [●], 2025, the Court entered the Order (I) Scheduling Combined Hearing on 
Adequacy of the Disclosure Statement and Confirmation of the Plan; (II) Fixing Deadline to 
Object to the Disclosure Statement and the Plan; (III) Approving Prepetition Solicitation 
Procedures and Form and Manner of Notice of Commencement, Combined Hearing and Objection 
Deadline; (IV) Approving Notice and Objection Procedures for the Assumption of Executory 
Contracts and Unexpired Leases; (V) Conditionally (A) Directing the United States Trustee not to 
Convene Section 341(A) Meeting of Creditors and (B) Waiving Requirement of Filing Statements 
of Financial Affairs and Schedules of Assets and Liabilities and Rule 2015.3 Reports; and 
(VI) Granting Related Relief [Docket No. [●]] (the “Solicitation Order”).  Capitalized terms used 
but not defined herein have the meanings ascribed to such terms in the Plan, Disclosure Statement, 
or the Solicitation Order, as applicable. 
In accordance with the Solicitation Order, this election notice (this “New Notes Election 
& Distribution Procedures Notice”) is being sent to you in connection with the Plan because the 
records maintained by the Debtors indicate that you are a Holder of a First Lien Claim as of June 
3, 2025.  Articles V.E and VII.G-I of the Plan, set forth more fully on Exhibit 1 hereto, provide 
that each Holder of a First Lien Claim may elect to receive their pro rata share of New Takeback 
Debt in the form of New Notes by making a valid New Notes Election.  If you do not make a New 
Notes Election, you will be entitled to receive New Term Loans under the Plan.  To make a valid 
New Notes Election, you must follow the applicable instructions below: 
I. 
If you are a Holder of a First Lien Credit Agreement Claim and elect to receive 
your pro rata share of New Takeback Debt in the form of New Notes, you must 
submit a properly completed and duly executed election through the Solicitation 
Agent’s electronic submission portal, by visiting the following website and clicking 
“Submit Election Form” on the Case Navigation panel at the left-hand margin of 
the website landing page: https://restructuring.ra.kroll.com/WeightWatchers/, on or 
before the New Notes Election Deadline. 
II. 
If you are a Holder of a Senior Secured Notes Claims and elect to receive your pro 
rata share of New Takeback Debt in the form of New Notes, you (or your custodian 
on your behalf) must electronically transmit your election to receive the New Notes 
by causing DTC to transfer your Senior Secured Notes to the Solicitation Agent in 
accordance with DTC’s ATOP procedures, on or before the New Notes Election 
Deadline.  For the avoidance of doubt, a Holder of Senior Secured Notes Claims 
that validly makes a New Notes Election does not need to submit an Election Form 
to Kroll. 
Please note that in order to receive New Notes, such Holder of First Lien Claims, as 
part of the procedures described above, will be required to certify that such Holder is either 
Case 25-10829-CTG    Doc 16    Filed 05/06/25    Page 145 of 150

=== page 146 ===
 
 
3 
 
(i) a “qualified institutional buyer” (as defined in Rule 144A under the Securities Act) or 
(ii) (A) a person other than a “U.S. person” (as defined in Rule 902(k) of Regulation S under 
the Securities Act), is acquiring the New Notes in an offshore transaction in compliance with 
Rule 904 of Regulation S under the Securities Act and not participating on behalf of or on 
account of a U.S. person and (B) a qualified investor as defined in Regulation (EU) 2017/1129 
and as defined in Article 2 of Regulation (EU) 2017/1129 as it forms part of domestic law by 
virtue of the European Union (Withdrawal) Act 2018.  
Additionally, to receive New Term Loans on the Effective Date, a Holder of Senior 
Secured Notes Claims (or their custodian on their behalf) must, by the New Notes Election 
Deadline, (i) electronically transmit their default position to receive the New Term Loans by 
causing DTC to transfer such Holder’s Senior Secured Notes to the Solicitation Agent in 
accordance with DTC’s ATOP procedures and (ii) submit a properly completed and duly 
executed Election Form through the Solicitation Agent’s electronic submission portal, by 
visiting the following website and clicking “Submit Election Form” on the Case Navigation 
panel 
at 
the 
left-hand 
margin 
of 
the 
website 
landing 
page: 
https://restructuring.ra.kroll.com/WeightWatchers/, on or before the New Notes Election 
Deadline. 
For the avoidance of any doubt, you must make, and/or must sure that your custodian 
on your behalf makes, all required submissions and electronic transmissions to be received 
by the Solicitation Agent and/or DTC, as the case may be, by 5:00 p.m. on June 17, 2025 (the 
“New Notes Election Deadline”) in order to receive your distribution on the Effective Date. 
Pursuant to the Solicitation Order, the Debtors may propose alternative dates to the 
Proposed New Notes Election Dates by providing at least two (2) business days’ notice to the 
Notice Parties set forth in the Solicitation Order.  Notice of any change to the Proposed New Notes 
Election Dates will also be filed on the docket of the Chapter 11 Cases. 
Questions concerning this notice or the New Notes Election may be directed to Kroll 
Restructuring 
Administration 
LLC, 
the 
Solicitation 
Agent, 
by: 
(1) emailing 
WeightWatchersIssuerServices@is.kroll.com and referencing “WeightWatchers New Notes 
Election” in the subject line, (2) visiting the Debtors’ solicitation website at 
https://restructuring.ra.kroll.com/WeightWatchers/, and/or (3) writing to the Solicitation 
Agent at the following address: WW International, Inc, Ballot Processing, c/o Kroll 
Restructuring Administration LLC, 850 Third Avenue, Suite 412, Brooklyn, New York 
11232. 
 
[Remainder of page intentionally left blank.]  
 
 
Case 25-10829-CTG    Doc 16    Filed 05/06/25    Page 146 of 150

=== page 147 ===
 
 
4 
 
Exhibit 1 
Applicable Plan Provisions 
Article V.E.  New Notes Election. 
Each Holder of a First Lien Claim may elect to receive New Takeback Debt in the 
form of New Notes, regardless of whether such Holder’s First Lien Claims are First 
Lien Credit Agreement  Claims or Senior Secured Notes Claims; provided that any 
holder of First Lien Claims that elects to receive New Notes must certify to the 
reasonable satisfaction of the Debtors that it is: (i) a “qualified institutional buyer” 
(as defined in Rule 144A under the Securities Act) or (ii) (A) a person other than a 
“U.S. person” (as defined in Rule 902(k) of Regulation S under the Securities Act), 
that is acquiring the New Notes in an offshore transaction in compliance with 
Regulation S under the Securities Act and not participating on behalf of, or on 
account of, a U.S. person and (B) a qualified investor as defined in Regulation (EU) 
2017/1129 and as defined in Article 2 of Regulation (EU) 2017/1129 as it forms part 
of domestic law by virtue of the European Union (Withdrawal) Act 2018 (the “New 
Notes Certification”). To validly make a New Notes Election, each Holder of a First 
Lien Claim must comply with the procedures set forth in Article VII.H and Article 
VII.I below and the Solicitation Materials.  For the avoidance of doubt, if a Holder of 
a First Lien Claim elects to make a New Notes Election, such Holder must do so for 
such Holder’s full amount of First Lien Claims – no partial elections will be 
permitted.2 
Article VII.G.  Distribution Procedures 
The Distribution Agent shall make all distributions of Cash or other property 
required under the Plan unless the Plan specifically provides otherwise. All Cash and 
other property held by the Reorganized Debtors for Distribution under the Plan shall 
not be subject to any claim by any Person, except as provided under the Plan. 
All Distributions to Holders on account of Allowed First Lien Credit Agreement 
Claims shall be deemed completed when made to, or at the direction of, the First Lien 
Credit Agreement Agent, which shall be deemed to be the Holder of such Claims for 
purposes of Distributions to be made under this Plan. The First Lien Credit 
Agreement Agent shall hold and/or direct such Distributions for the benefit of the 
holders of the foregoing Allowed First Lien Credit Agreement Claims.  The First Lien 
Credit Agreement Agent shall not incur any liability whatsoever on account of any 
Distributions under the Plan except for actual fraud, gross negligence, or willful 
misconduct. If the First Lien Credit Agreement Agent is unable to make, or consent 
to the Reorganized Debtors making, such Distributions, the Reorganized Debtors or 
an authorized Disbursing Agent, with the First Lien Credit Agreement Agent’s 
cooperation, shall make such Distribution. The First Lien Credit Agreement Agent 
 
2  
For the avoidance of doubt, individual sub-funds managed by common parent are permitted to make individual 
elections (e.g., CLO Sub-fund A may make a New Notes Election without prejudice to CLO Sub-fund B). 
Case 25-10829-CTG    Doc 16    Filed 05/06/25    Page 147 of 150

=== page 148 ===
 
 
5 
 
shall have no duties, obligations, or responsibilities with respect to any form of 
Distribution to holders of the foregoing Allowed Claims that is not DTC-eligible, and 
the Reorganized Debtors shall make such Distributions. For the avoidance of doubt, 
all Distributions referenced in this paragraph shall be subject to any charging liens 
exercised by the First Lien Credit Agreement Agent. 
All Distributions to Holders on account of Allowed Senior Secured Notes Claims shall 
be deemed completed when made to or at the direction of the Senior Secured Notes 
Indenture Trustee, which shall be deemed to be the Holder of such Claims for 
purposes of Distributions to be made under this Plan. The Senior Secured Notes 
Indenture Trustee shall hold or direct such Distributions for the benefit of the holders 
of the foregoing Allowed Senior Secured Notes Claims.  The Senior Secured Notes 
Indenture Trustee shall not incur any liability whatsoever on account of any 
Distributions under the Plan except for actual fraud, gross negligence, or willful 
misconduct. If the Senior Secured Notes Indenture Trustee is unable to make, or 
consent to the Reorganized Debtors making, such Distributions, the Reorganized 
Debtors or an authorized Disbursing Agent, with the Senior Secured Notes Indenture 
Trustee’s cooperation, shall make such Distribution. The Senior Secured Notes 
Indenture Trustee shall have no duties, obligations, or responsibilities with respect to 
any form of Distribution to holders of the foregoing Allowed Claims that is not DTC-
eligible, and the Reorganized Debtors shall make such Distributions. For the 
avoidance of doubt, all Distributions referenced in this paragraph shall be subject to 
any charging liens exercised by the Senior Secured Notes Indenture Trustee. 
Notwithstanding anything to the contrary in the Plan, except as set forth below, the 
Distribution of the New Notes and the New Common Equity shall be made through 
the facilities of DTC in accordance with the customary practices of DTC for a 
Distribution, as and to the extent practicable. In order to receive the portion of its 
Distribution constituting New Common Equity, and, if such Holder is a New Notes 
Creditor, its portion of the New Notes, each Holder of First Lien Claims shall provide 
any information, forms, instruments or other document necessary to receive such 
Distribution through DTC, including, with respect to any Holder of First Lien Credit 
Agreement Claims, a duly completed and executed Election Form. The Debtors or 
Reorganized Debtors shall not be required to distribute any New Common Equity 
through any other method other than the facilities of DTC. Any Holder of First Lien 
Claims that does not provide requisite information necessary for the Debtors or 
Reorganized Debtors to make a Distribution of its New Common Equity and/or New 
Notes, as applicable, through DTC prior to such New Common Equity and/or New 
Notes becoming an Unclaimed Distribution may be at risk of forfeiting its 
Distribution of New Common Equity and/or New Notes, as applicable. 
Notwithstanding the foregoing, the Debtors, with the consent of the Ad Hoc Group 
Advisors, may elect to use any other book entry delivery, settlement and depositary 
service in lieu of DTC as it deems efficient and appropriate (an “Alternative Service”) 
solely to the extent the New Notes or the New Common Equity are not eligible for 
deposit through DTC, provided, that delivery of the New Notes and New Common 
Equity through an Alternative Service shall not be mandatory.  
Case 25-10829-CTG    Doc 16    Filed 05/06/25    Page 148 of 150

=== page 149 ===
 
 
6 
 
In connection with the Distribution of the New Common Equity and New Notes, as 
applicable, to Holders of Senior Secured Notes Claims, the Senior Secured Notes 
Indenture Trustee, or the Distribution Agent on the Senior Secured Notes Indenture 
Trustee’s behalf, shall deliver instructions to DTC instructing DTC to effect 
Distributions as provided under the Plan with respect to the Senior Secured Notes 
Claims on the Effective Date. The Debtors or the Reorganized Debtors, as applicable, 
shall seek the cooperation of DTC so that any Distribution on account of an Allowed 
Senior Secured Notes Claim that is held in the name of, or by a nominee of, DTC, 
shall be made through the facilities of DTC on the Effective Date or as soon as 
practicable thereafter.  For the avoidance of doubt, in connection with a distribution 
of New Notes and New Common Equity through the facilities of DTC, distributions 
will be made at the beneficial owner level in accordance with the elections received 
thereto. 
The Distribution Record Date shall not apply to distributions in respect of securities 
deposited with DTC and the Holders of which shall receive distributions, if any, in 
accordance with the customary exchange procedures of DTC or the Plan. For the 
avoidance of doubt, in connection with a distribution through the facilities of DTC, 
DTC shall be considered a single Holder for purposes of the distribution of New 
Common Equity. 
To receive New Term Loans on the Effective Date, a Holder of Senior Secured Notes 
Claims (or their custodian on their behalf) must, by the New Notes Election Deadline, 
(i) electronically transmit their default position to receive the New Term Loans by 
causing DTC to transfer such Holder’s Senior Secured Notes to the Solicitation Agent 
in accordance with DTC’s ATOP procedures and (ii) submit a properly completed 
and duly executed Election Form through the Solicitation Agent’s electronic 
submission portal. 
Article VII.H.  Election Procedures for Holders of First Lien Credit Agreement 
Claims   
To validly make a New Notes Election, a Holder of First Lien Credit Agreement 
Claims must, on or before the New Notes Election Deadline, submit a properly 
completed and duly executed election form (the “Election Form”) through the 
Solicitation Agent’s electronic submission portal. The Election Form will require the 
Holder of First Lien Credit Agreement Claims to provide the New Notes Certification 
as well as information to enable the New Notes to be issued to such Holder on the 
Effective Date through DTC.  
If a Holder of First Lien Credit Agreement Claims does not make a New Notes 
Election by submitting a valid Election Form, such Holder of First Lien Credit 
Agreement Claims shall be entitled to receive the New Takeback Debt in the form of 
New Term Loans.  
Case 25-10829-CTG    Doc 16    Filed 05/06/25    Page 149 of 150

=== page 150 ===
 
 
7 
 
Article VII.I.  Election Procedures for Holders of Senior Secured Notes Claims 
To validly make a New Notes Election, a Holder of Senior Secured Notes Claims (or 
their custodian on their behalf) must, on or before the New Notes Election Deadline, 
electronically transmit their New Notes Election by causing DTC to transfer such 
Holder’s Senior Secured Notes to the Solicitation Agent in accordance with DTC’s 
ATOP procedures.  An “Agent’s Message” transmitted through DTC must be 
received by the Solicitation Agent at or prior to the New Notes Election Deadline.  The 
Holder will be required to make the New Notes Certification when electronically 
transmitting such Holder’s Senior Secured Notes through DTC’s ATOP procedures. 
For the avoidance of doubt, a Holder of Senior Secured Notes Claims that validly 
makes a New Notes Election does not need to submit an Election Form to the 
Solicitation Agent. 
If a Holder of Senior Secured Notes Claims does not make a New Notes Election by 
following the procedures described in this Section I. prior to the New Notes Election 
Deadline, such Holder of Senior Secured Notes Claims shall be entitled to receive the 
New Takeback Debt in the form of New Term Loans. 
[Remainder of page intentionally left blank.]
 
 
Case 25-10829-CTG    Doc 16    Filed 05/06/25    Page 150 of 150

