=== page 1 ===
Case 25-10829-CTG    Doc 2    Filed 05/06/25    Page 1 of 101

IN THE UNITED STATES BANKRUPTCY COURT

FOR THE DISTRICT OF DELAWARE

In re:

Chapter 11

WW INTERNATIONAL, INC., et al.,1

Case No. [__] (___)

Debtors.

(Joint Administration Requested)

DECLARATION OF FELICIA DELLAFORTUNA 
IN SUPPORT OF CHAPTER 11 PETITIONS AND FIRST DAY PLEADINGS

I, Felicia DellaFortuna, pursuant to 28 U.S.C. § 1746, and under penalty of perjury, declare

the following to the best of my knowledge, information and belief:

1.
I am the Chief Financial Officer (“CFO”) of WW International, Inc. and its

affiliated debtors and debtors in possession in the above-captioned cases (collectively, the

“Debtors” and, together with its non-Debtor affiliates, “WW” or the “Company”).  As CFO, I am

familiar with the day-to-day operations, business and financial affairs, and books and records of

the Debtors.  I joined WW in January 2025 as CFO.

2.
Prior to joining WW, I served as the CFO of Enthusiast Gaming Holdings Inc.  Prior

to Enthusiast Gaming Holdings Inc., I was the CFO of BuzzFeed, Inc.  I started my career at Ernst

& Young LLP, where I provided assurance services.  I hold a Bachelors in Science in Accounting

from Lehigh University.

3.
On the date hereof (the “Petition Date”), each of the Debtors filed a voluntary

petition for relief (collectively, the “Petitions”) under chapter 11 of title 11 of the United States

1 
The Debtors in these Chapter 11 Cases, along with the last four digits of their federal tax identification numbers, 
to the extent applicable, are WW International, Inc. (0273), WW North America Holdings, LLC (6141), WW 
Canada Holdco, Inc. (5680), WW.com, LLC (4196), W Holdco, Inc. (4087), WW Health Solutions, Inc. (3859), 
Weekend Health, Inc. (6812), and WW NewCo, Inc. (N/A).  The Debtors’ headquarters is located at 675 Avenue 
of the Americas, 6th Floor, New York, NY 10010.

1

=== page 2 ===
Case 25-10829-CTG    Doc 2    Filed 05/06/25    Page 2 of 101

Code, 11 U.S.C. §§ 101 et seq. (the “Bankruptcy Code”).  The Debtors intend to be in possession

of their assets and the management of their business as debtors in possession during the pendency

of these chapter 11 cases (collectively, the “Chapter 11 Cases”).  To minimize the adverse effects

on their business, the Debtors filed motions and pleadings seeking various forms of relief

(collectively, the “First Day Pleadings”).  I submit this declaration (this “Declaration”) to assist

the Court and the parties-in-interest in understanding the circumstances that led to the

commencement of these Chapter 11 Cases and in support of the Debtors’ Petitions and the First

Day Pleadings.2

4. 
All facts set forth in this Declaration are based on: (i) my personal knowledge;

(ii) my communications with employees of the Company under my supervision, the Company’s

senior management team, and the Company’s professional advisors; or (iii) my opinions developed

through my overall professional experience and knowledge of the Company’s history, financial

condition, and business operations and affairs.

5. 
I am over the age of 18 and am authorized to submit this Declaration on behalf of

the Debtors.  If called as a witness, I could and would testify to the matters set forth herein.

INTRODUCTION

6. 
WW commenced these Chapter 11 Cases to implement a consensual,

comprehensive deleveraging transaction that will best position the Company for long-term growth

and success.  Critically, this recapitalization will not impact the Company’s customers (typically

referred to as members or subscribers), product offerings or programming, will not disrupt the

Company’s business operations, and will not impair trade creditors or vendors.  Among other

2 
Capitalized terms used but not otherwise defined herein shall have the meanings ascribed to them in the Disclosure 
Statement Pursuant to Section 1125 of the Bankruptcy Code with Respect to Joint Plan of Reorganization of WW 
International, Inc., and Its Debtor Affiliates (the “Disclosure Statement”), filed contemporaneously herewith.

2

=== page 3 ===
Case 25-10829-CTG    Doc 2    Filed 05/06/25    Page 3 of 101

things, through this comprehensive deleveraging transaction, the Company will reduce its

outstanding funded indebtedness by approximately $1.1 billion and decrease its annual interest

expense by approximately $50 million.  This significant deleveraging will enable the Company

and its management team to focus on and invest in long-term growth initiatives without the

overhang of an unsustainable capital structure and the pressure on free cash flow imposed by

outsized interest expense.  The Company intends to exit these Chapter 11 Cases as quickly as

possible, and no later than late June 2025.

7. 
The Debtors seek the relief set forth in the First Day Pleadings to minimize any

adverse effects of the commencement of these Chapter 11 Cases on their businesses and to ensure

continued ordinary course business operations.  I am familiar with the contents of the Debtors’

Petitions and the First Day Pleadings, including the exhibits attached thereto, and believe that the

relief sought is essential to ensure the uninterrupted operation of the Debtors’ businesses and to

maximize the value of the Debtors’ estates.

8. 
To familiarize the Court with the Debtors, their businesses, the circumstances

leading up to these Chapter 11 Cases, and the relief the Debtors seek in the First Day Pleadings,

this Declaration is organized as follows:

• 
Part I provides an overview of the Debtors and these Chapter 11 Cases.

• 
Part II provides a summary of the Debtors’ history and business operations;

• 
Part III describes the Debtors’ organizational structure;

• 
Part IV describes the Debtors’ prepetition capital structure;

• 
Part V describes the events leading up to the filing of these Chapter 11 Cases;

• 
Part VI describes the Debtors’ proposed use of Cash Collateral; and

• 
Part VII provides the factual support for the Petitions and First Day Pleadings.

3

=== page 4 ===
Case 25-10829-CTG    Doc 2    Filed 05/06/25    Page 4 of 101

I. OVERVIEW

9. 
Since its inception in 1961 as a series of weight-loss meetings in the basement of a

New York City apartment building, WW has grown to become the global leader in science-backed

weight management, with over 3.4 million members in 11 markets across the globe.

WeightWatchers was originally founded upon the success of behavior change and community

support – two program offerings that are the cornerstones of the Company’s brand and business.

More recently, in response to evolving medical and scientific innovation, WW expanded to offer

clinical solutions, including doctors, nurses, and registered dieticians, to better help WW’s

members achieve the best possible health outcomes.  WW combines behavior change programs

grounded in decades of proven scientific research with cutting-edge clinical offerings to help

members achieve lasting, sustainable weight loss and weight management.  WW was recently

named as #1 Best Weight-Loss Diet for the fifteenth year in a row by U.S. News and World Report.

10. 
Notwithstanding the Company’s operational strengths and growth since its

founding in 1961, the Company has faced significant headwinds over recent years from a

multiplicity of factors, including:

• the disruption of the Company’s in-person workshops business due to COVID-19,

which prompted an accelerated shift to a digital-first offering;

• evolving consumer preferences in the health and wellness space, where more

structured weight management programs declined in popularity;

• a rapid adoption of medical weight loss solutions via GLP-1 medications, which

led to escalating and new competition (primarily from telehealth providers) in a

rapidly expanding and increasingly fragmented market; and

4

=== page 5 ===
Case 25-10829-CTG    Doc 2    Filed 05/06/25    Page 5 of 101

• certain reactive strategic shifts to close a significant number of in-person

workshops, wind down its consumer products business and centralize operations

for and reduce investment in its international business.

These decisions, along with the evolving market dynamics, resulted in significant revenue

decline in the Company’s business for six (6) years.  In response to these challenges, the Company

has formulated a comprehensive strategy for stabilization and for restoring the Company to

long-term growth through the implementation of various growth initiatives.

11. 
The Company’s ability to implement these initiatives, however, is substantially

impeded by the Company’s debt burden.  The Company’s annual interest expense exceeds $100

million, which significantly reduces free cash flow that could be otherwise utilized for investments

in growth initiatives and marketing.  Additionally, as discussed below, the Company also faces a

potential near-term event of default on the Revolving Credit Facility due to the Company’s current

leverage profile.

12. 
Recognizing that a return to sustainable long-term growth would require a

significant reduction of its funded debt and interest expense, in August 2024, WW engaged PJT

Partners LP (“PJT”) and Matthews South (“MS”) to assist in exploring strategic alternatives to

optimize the Company’s capital structure and create a path back to future growth.  Working

together with PJT, MS, Simpson Thacher & Bartlett LLP (“STB”) as legal counsel, and Alvarez

& Marsal (“A&M” and, together with PJT, MS and STB, the “Advisors”) as financial advisor, the

Company formulated a comprehensive restructuring proposal and presented it to Gibson, Dunn &

Crutcher LLP and Houlihan Lokey Capital, Inc., who were acting as counsel and financial advisor,

respectively, to an ad hoc group of Prepetition Term Loan Lenders (as defined below) and

Prepetition Noteholders (as defined below) (together, the “Ad Hoc Group”), and whose members

5

=== page 6 ===
Case 25-10829-CTG    Doc 2    Filed 05/06/25    Page 6 of 101

hold approximately 84% of the outstanding debt under the Prepetition Credit Facilities and

approximately 91% of the Senior Secured Notes as of the Petition Date.3

13. 
Following extensive arm’s-length negotiations over the terms of the Company’s

proposal, the Company and certain of its stakeholders reached an agreement on a comprehensive

restructuring transaction, the terms of which are reflected in that certain Restructuring Support

Agreement, dated as of May 6, 2025 and attached hereto as Exhibit A (as may be amended,

modified or supplemented, the “Restructuring Support Agreement”).  The Restructuring Support

Agreement is signed by holders of (a) over 79% of the outstanding principal amount of term loans

under the Prepetition Credit Facilities (the “Consenting Lenders”) and (b) 74% of the outstanding

Senior Secured Notes (the “Consenting Noteholders” and together with the Consenting Lenders,

the “Consenting Creditors”).

14. 
Subject to the Court’s approval, the transaction will be implemented through the

proposed Joint Prepackaged Plan of Reorganization of WW International, Inc. and its Debtor

Affiliates (including all exhibits and schedules thereto, and as may be amended, modified, or

supplemented from time to time, the “Plan”), filed contemporaneously herewith.  Upon

confirmation, the Plan will restructure the Debtors’ balance sheet and position the Company for

sustained success in the competitive weight management market, resulting in value maximization

for the benefit of all stakeholders.  Specifically, the proposed restructuring reduces total funded

debt by approximately $1.1 billion and decreases annual interest expense by approximately $50

million.  The Plan does not impair the Company’s non-financial creditors, including general

unsecured creditors, such as employees, vendors and suppliers, all of whom will be paid in full.

3  The Ad Hoc Group had formed towards the end of 2023, although I understand that it comprised a much smaller 
percentage of the debt at such time.  The Company restricted the advisors to the Ad Hoc Group in January 2025 
and restricted certain members of the Ad Hoc Group in mid-March 2025.

6

=== page 7 ===
Case 25-10829-CTG    Doc 2    Filed 05/06/25    Page 7 of 101

Most critically, as a pure “balance sheet restructuring,” the Company does not expect the

transactions set forth in the Plan to have any impact on WW’s valued members, product offerings,

programming, vendors, employees or operations.

15. 
Further, the Plan provides for a recovery to the Company’s existing equity holders

by way of a consensual reallocation of value from the holders of First Lien Claims, provided that

the milestones set forth in the Restructuring Support Agreement are met.  My understanding is

that, based on an application of the Bankruptcy Code’s priority scheme, the Existing Equity

Interests, which are junior in priority to over $1.6 billion in funded indebtedness and approximately

$38 million in unsecured claims, are not entitled to any recovery in these Chapter 11

Cases.  Notwithstanding that the Holders of Existing Equity Interests are not entitled to any

recovery, as a result of extensive arm’s length negotiations between the Company (led by the Debt

Subcommittee (as defined below)), and the Consenting Creditors, the Consenting Creditors agreed

to reallocate a meaningful portion of the First Lien Claims recovery – 9% of the New Common

Equity, subject to dilution by the MIP – to the Holders of Existing Equity Interests so long as all

milestones set forth in the Restructuring Support Agreement are met.  The Consenting Creditors

have agreed to reallocate this material portion of their recovery, conditioned on the Debtors’

consummation of the restructuring on the terms and timeline set forth in the Restructuring Support

Agreement, as that will facilitate the smoothest possible chapter 11 process and overall transaction,

which benefits all stakeholders.

16. 
Prior to the commencement of these Chapter 11 Cases, on May 6, 2025, consistent

with the terms of the Restructuring Support Agreement, the Debtors commenced the solicitation

of votes to accept or reject the Plan.

7

=== page 8 ===
Case 25-10829-CTG    Doc 2    Filed 05/06/25    Page 8 of 101

17. 
The Debtors intend to move swiftly through these Chapter 11 Cases.  It is my

understanding that, pending approval of the Company’s proposed solicitation procedures, the

Debtors intend to conclude solicitation on June 6, 2025 (i.e., the proposed deadline for eligible

stakeholders to vote on the Plan) and seek a combined hearing for simultaneous final approval of

the Disclosure Statement and confirmation of the Plan on or about June 16, 2025 (subject to the

Court’s availability)— approximately 42 days following the Petition Date.

18. 
In sum, through these Chapter 11 Cases, the Debtors seek to effectuate a financial

restructuring that positions the Company for future operational and financial growth and success,

while avoiding any negative impact on WW’s members, product offerings, programming, vendors,

employees and operations.  Having obtained broad-based creditor support for their proposed Plan,

the Debtors have already taken a critical first step toward achieving their goal.

II. 
The Debtors’ Corporate History and Business Operations

A. 
Corporate History

19. 
In 1961, in the basement of a New York City apartment building, Jean Nidetch took

her personal experience from attending a New York City obesity clinic and began weight-loss

meetings with a group of friends.  In 1963, Ms. Nidetch, together with Al and Felice Lippert,

formally incorporated the business.  That year, the Company held its first official weight-loss

meeting with 400 people in attendance.  Over the next 30 years, the Company rapidly expanded

beyond weight-loss meetings, launching a cookbook and magazine, and partnering with

prestigious organizations like the American Heart Association.

20. 
In 1997, the Company, after many years of ongoing innovation, introduced its

proprietary “Points” system (known today as the “Points® Program”), the mainstay of the

Company’s business for the next quarter century.

8

=== page 9 ===
Case 25-10829-CTG    Doc 2    Filed 05/06/25    Page 9 of 101

21. 
In 2001, the Company launched its first digital tools, followed by its mobile app in

2009.  In 2015, the Company launched Connect, a members-only social network, which reached

one million “likes” just one month after its launch.  That year, the Company also formed a

groundbreaking celebrity partnership with Oprah Winfrey.  In 2019, WW continued to grow and

launched myWW, the most customized weight management program in the Company’s history.

22. 
To better align with the rapid adoption of a medical approach to weight

management (discussed further below), on April 10, 2023, WW completed the acquisition of

Weekend Health, Inc., d/b/a Sequence, (“Sequence”), a subscription telehealth platform offering

access to healthcare providers specializing in chronic weight management.  The acquisition of

Sequence expanded the Debtors’ offerings for their members to include access to clinical

interventions and allowed the Debtors to build a new weight management pathway that leverages

the advancements in chronic weight management medications and addresses the increasing

consumer demand for clinical weight loss solutions, including GLP-1 medications.

B. 
Business Operations

23. 
Today, the Company remains the global leader in science-backed weight

management, combining science and community to help its millions of members live their

healthiest lives.  The Company is grounded in decades of proven scientific research and has

continued to evolve its science-backed programs alongside advancements in nutritional and

behavior change research.  With over 180 peer-reviewed scientific studies (including over 63

randomized controlled trials) published on the Company’s website, the Company is one of the

most extensively studied commercial weight management programs.

24. 
With over six decades of weight management experience, the Company is among

the most recognized brand names globally in the field of weight loss.  As of the Petition Date, the

Company supports 3.4 million subscribers across 11 countries, has issued 1.5 million clinical

9

=== page 10 ===
Case 25-10829-CTG    Doc 2    Filed 05/06/25    Page 10 of 101

prescriptions, and holds more than 20,000 coach-led workshops per month.  Headquartered in New

York City, WW has approximately 3,700 employees globally.

i. 
Company Offerings

25. 
The Company’s primary offerings consist of (i) behavior change programs

(the “Behavior Change Programs”), (ii) clinical support programs, and (iii) business-to-business

programs.  Each is discussed below.

26. 
Behavior Change Programs.  The Company’s weight loss and weight management

programs are rooted in nutritional and behavior change science.  They are comprised of a range of

science-based nutritional, activity, behavioral and lifestyle tools and approaches that can be

tailored for individual weight goals, including customized programs for those taking GLP-1

medications or living with diabetes.  The Behavior Change Programs help members adopt a

healthier and more active lifestyle, a balanced mindset, and healthy habits, with a view toward

long-term behavior modification and health — a key aspect of the Company’s approach toward

achieving lasting weight loss and management.

10

=== page 11 ===
Case 25-10829-CTG    Doc 2    Filed 05/06/25    Page 11 of 101

27. 
Since 1997, the Points Program has been grounded in WW’s scientific Points

system, which uses a proprietary nutritional algorithm to assign each food a numerical point value

based on its calories, saturated fat, unsaturated fat, added sugar, protein and fiber content.  The

Points Program helps WW members understand nutrition well beyond caloric value, which can be

an incomplete metric for sustained weight management and overall healthy living.  After a

proprietary, personal assessment takes into account a member’s metabolic rate, members receive

a tailored daily and weekly “Points Budget” to guide them towards healthy foods and appropriate

portion sizes, forming the foundation of a healthy eating pattern.  The Points Program has been

shown over time to reduce members’ intake of ultra-processed foods, and encourages the inclusion

of healthy, whole foods in their diets with a carefully curated list of more than 350 ZeroPoint®

Foods that are nutrient-rich, increase satiety, and reduce friction in a member’s food tracking

experience.

28. 
Additionally, the Company offers tailored versions of the Points Program for

individuals living with diabetes (the “Diabetes Program”) and individuals taking GLP-1s

(the “GLP-1 Program”).  The Diabetes Program takes into account the dietary needs of those living

with diabetes by tracking blood sugar levels and tailoring their plans towards those foods that are

less likely to impact such levels.  Members can connect certain continuous glucose monitor data

to the WW App (as defined below) for additional insights.  The GLP-1 Program, which launched

in the U.S., U.K. and Germany in December 2023, is WW’s first nutrition and activity program to

complement a weight loss journey for those taking GLP-1 medications, whether provided through

WeightWatchers Clinic (as described below) or prescribed by another healthcare provider.  The

GLP-1 Program supports these members by helping them to prioritize nutritious foods while their

appetite is significantly reduced by the medication and to maintain muscle mass while losing

11

=== page 12 ===
Case 25-10829-CTG    Doc 2    Filed 05/06/25    Page 12 of 101

weight on the medication by focusing on protein-dense food and promoting activity.  The GLP-1

Program also aids with symptom reporting and management, providing opportunities for members

to record vital data that can be useful for discussions with their care team, and is buttressed by a

series of GLP-1 workshops, where members can meet with WW coaches and each other to discuss

their medication journeys with the support of a like-minded community.

29. 
A key component of the Behavior Change Program is the WeightWatchers app (the

“WW App”).  The WW App provides tools, education, nutrition and wellness resources, and

access to the Company’s virtual member community to help members on their weight management

journey. These tools include trackers for food, water, activity, and weight (and, for members on

the Diabetes Program, a tracker for blood sugar), as well as the ability to measure progress against

personal goals, and access content regarding behavioral techniques for building healthy habits.

With the WW App, in addition to tracking Points, members can track macronutrient data, including

calories, protein, carbohydrates, fat, fiber, and sodium.  The Connect platform, a members-only

social network accessed through the WW App, fosters meaningful relationships by helping WW

members find communities based on shared interests, including food preferences, identity cohorts,

wellness journey, activity, mindset, hobbies, locations, events and workshops.  Members can also

access digital tools in the WW App, including the recently launched AI-powered photo Food

Scanner and Recipe Analyzer, which instantly estimates and tracks ingredients, portions and Points

based upon a photo or recipe website address.

30. 
Another important component of the Behavior Change Program is the Company’s

workshop program.  Members can supplement their app experience with 30–45 minute group

workshops, delivered virtually through the WW App and web platform, and where available, in-

person.  WW-trained coaches facilitate these interactive workshops.  Virtual and in-person

12

=== page 13 ===
Case 25-10829-CTG    Doc 2    Filed 05/06/25    Page 13 of 101

workshops encourage learning and inspire members to make positive changes towards their

individual goals.  In addition, through WeightWatchers Clinic (described below), all members in

the U.S. can access visits with registered dietitians, who are experts in nutrition, lifestyle, and

habit-building.

31. 
Clinical Support Programs.  WeightWatchers Clinic is the Company’s clinical

offering in the United States, which provides members who medically qualify with access to

obesity-trained clinicians who can prescribe weight management medications, including GLP-1s,

when clinically appropriate, all supported by access to Behavior Change Programs.

WeightWatchers Clinic offers access to these medications and clinical support at competitive price

points, supported by an AI-enabled proprietary platform for prior authorization filing and

fulfillment.  Additionally, with a state-of-the-art, tech-enabled process, WeightWatchers Clinic is

able to conduct thousands of stock checks per day to help members more easily access medication.

Clinic members and their clinicians interact through a proprietary technology platform, which

includes automation to provide a seamless experience for both clinicians and patients to chat,

participate in live video sessions, conduct insurance checks, submit electronic prescriptions and

track those prescriptions, order labs, and maintain a longitudinal medical record, and manage other

aspects of care.  As part of the WeightWatchers Clinic offering, members are guided by a

multidisciplinary care team comprised of a care coordinator to facilitate insurance coverage, if

applicable, registered dietitians, fitness specialists, and a board-certified clinician.  Clinical

members also have access to tools that help them manage their medication, from checking their

dosage, to asking for prescription refills, and track weight loss and side effects.

ii. 
Subscriptions and Revenues

32. 
The Company generates revenue primarily through member subscriptions.  The

Company offers three subscription levels: (i) Digital, (ii) Workshops + Digital, and (iii) Clinical

13

=== page 14 ===
Case 25-10829-CTG    Doc 2    Filed 05/06/25    Page 14 of 101

(in the U.S. only).  First, the base, or “Digital,” subscription level gives members access to the

Behavior Change Programs, including the Points Program, the Diabetes Program, and the GLP-1

Program, along with the other features available through the WW App.  Second, the “Workshops

+ Digital” subscription level gives members access to everything in the Digital level as well as

access to the over 20,000 virtual and in-person workshops offered per month.  Third, a subscription

to the Clinical level through WeightWatchers Clinic gives clinically eligible members access to

clinicians, as discussed above, and prescription medications when medically appropriate.

Although subscriptions are paid monthly, members can pay for certain add-on services regardless

of their subscription level.  For example, registered dietitian visits are available to all U.S. members

for an additional fee, and for many of the Company’s members, such visits are fully covered by

insurance.

iii. 
WeightWatchers for Business

33. 
Through the Company’s WeightWatchers for Business (“WW4B”) offering, the

Company collaborates with employers, payors and health plans to offer access to the Company’s

services.  Through WW4B, WW provides a tailored full-spectrum weight health platform designed

to meet the unique needs of organizations, enhancing employee well-being while supporting

business objectives.

iv. 
Foreign Operations

34. 
The Company has non-Debtor subsidiaries that operate in Canada, Europe and

Australia.  None of the corporate entities that comprise the Debtors’ Canadian, European, and

Australian business are chapter 11 Debtors.

III. 
The Debtors’ Corporate Structure

35. 
In 1974, WW International, Inc. (formerly known as Weight Watchers

International, Inc.) was incorporated as a Virginia corporation and succeeded to the business

14

=== page 15 ===
Case 25-10829-CTG    Doc 2    Filed 05/06/25    Page 15 of 101

started by Jean Nidetch and Al and Felice Lippert in New York in 1963.  In 1978, The Kraft Heinz

Company (successor to H.J. Heinz Company) acquired the Company and, in 1999, sold the

Company to Artal Luxembourg S.A.  In November 2001, the Company went public and, currently,

shares of the Company’s common stock are listed on The Nasdaq Stock Market LLC

(“NASDAQ”) and trade under the ticker symbol “WW”.  In 2023, Artal Luxembourg S.A. fully

sold its remaining shares of the Debtors’ common stock.

36. 
The Debtors are all subsidiaries of lead Debtor WW International, Inc., a publicly

traded corporation incorporated in the state of Virginia.  The board of directors of WW

International, Inc. is comprised of: (i) Thilo Semmelbauer, Chairman of the Board and member of

the Debt Subcommittee (as further described below); (ii) Tara Comonte, President and Chief

Executive Officer; (iii) Dr. Steven M. Altschuler, M.D.; (iv) Julie Bornstein; (v) Tracey D. Brown;

(vi) Denis F. Kelly, member of the Debt Subcommittee; and (vii) Dr. William H. Shrank, M.D.

37. 
The Debtors’ executive leadership team is comprised of the following individuals:

Name 
Title

Tara Comonte 
President and Chief Executive Officer

Felicia DellaFortuna Chief Financial Officer

Jacqueline Cooke 
Chief Legal and Administrative Officer

Michael Amsel 
Chief Marketing Officer

Scott Honken 
Chief Commercial Officer

Jon Volkmann 
SVP, Global Operations

38. 
Debtor WW International, Inc. directly or indirectly owns and controls the other

Debtors.  Specifically: (a) Debtor WW International, Inc. directly owns and controls one hundred

percent (100%) of the outstanding voting securities of Debtors WW.com, LLC, W Holdco, Inc.,

15

=== page 16 ===
Case 25-10829-CTG    Doc 2    Filed 05/06/25    Page 16 of 101

WW Health Solutions, Inc., Weekend Health, Inc., and WW NewCo, Inc., (b) Debtor WW

International, Inc. directly owns and controls ninety-one percent (91%) and Debtor WW.com, LLC

directly owns and controls nine percent (9%) of Debtor WW North America Holdings, LLC, and

(c) Debtor WW North America Holdings, LLC directly owns and controls one hundred percent

(100%) of Debtor WW Canada Holdco, Inc.  The Debtors are all obligors in respect of the

Prepetition Credit Facilities and Senior Secured Notes (each as defined below).

39. 
The following organizational chart depicts the Company’s legal and operating

structure, with the Debtors shaded in white and their non-Debtor affiliates shaded in green, and a

more fulsome organizational chart is annexed hereto as Exhibit B:4

IV. 
The Debtors’ Prepetition Capital Structure

A. 
Prepetition Funded Debt Obligations

40. 
As of the Petition Date, the Debtors have an aggregate principal amount of

approximately $1.6 billion in funded debt principal obligations, consisting of the outstanding

principal obligations, not including accrued interest, arising under the Revolving Credit Facility,

the Term Loan Facility and the Senior Secured Notes.  All of the Debtors’ prepetition funded debt

4  This chart is subject to further updates by the Debtors in the event of any changes to the Debtors’ corporate 
structure.

16

=== page 17 ===
Case 25-10829-CTG    Doc 2    Filed 05/06/25    Page 17 of 101

is secured by pari passu liens on the First Lien Collateral (as defined below).  The Debtors’

prepetition funded debt obligations are summarized in the below table:

Governing

Document 
Facility/Note 
Borrower/Issuer 
Maturity 
Outstanding

Principal

April 2026 
$175 million

Revolving Credit 
Facility

Credit 
Agreement

WW 
International, 
Inc.

Term Loan Facility 
April 2028 
$945 million

April 2029 
$500 million

Indenture 
Senior Secured 
Notes

WW 
International, 
Inc.

Total Secured Debt 
$1.62 billion

41. 
First Lien Credit Agreement.  WW International, Inc. as borrower, WW North

America Holdings, LLC, WW Canada Holdco, Inc., WW.com, LLC, W Holdco, Inc., WW Health

Solutions, Inc., Weekend Health, Inc., and WW NewCo, Inc., as guarantors, the lenders under the

Revolving Credit Facility (as defined below) from time to time (the “Prepetition Revolving

Lenders”), the lenders under the Term Loan Facility (as defined below) from time to time (the

“Prepetition Term Loan Lenders”, and together with the Prepetition Revolving Lenders, the “First

Lien Credit Agreement Lenders”) and Bank of America, N.A., as administrative agent and

collateral agent (the “First Lien Credit Agreement Agent”) are parties to that certain Credit

Agreement, dated as of April 13, 2021 (as amended by Amendment No. 1 to Credit Agreement,

dated as of June 2, 2023, and as further amended, restated, supplemented, or otherwise modified

from time to time, the “First Lien Credit Agreement”), providing for a first lien revolving credit

facility (the “Revolving Credit Facility”) and a first lien term loan credit facility (the “Term Loan

Facility”, and together with the Revolving Credit Facility, the “Prepetition Credit Facilities”).

17

=== page 18 ===
Case 25-10829-CTG    Doc 2    Filed 05/06/25    Page 18 of 101

42. 
As of the Petition Date, the Revolving Credit Facility is fully drawn, with

approximately $175 million outstanding (excluding accrued and unpaid interest, fees, and

expenses), consisting of approximately $171.3 million in outstanding revolving loans and $3.7

million in outstanding letters of credit.  The Revolving Credit Facility matures on April 13, 2026.

As of the Petition Date, approximately $945 million is outstanding under the Term Loan Facility

(excluding accrued and unpaid interest, fees, and expenses), which matures on April 13, 2028.

43. 
The Debtors have entered into various security and collateral documents in favor

of the First Lien Credit Agreement Agent (for the benefit of the First Lien Credit Agreement

Lenders) and various security and collateral documents, pursuant to which the First Lien Credit

Agreement Agent (for the benefit of the First Lien Credit Agreement Lenders) was granted first

priority liens on substantially all of the Debtors’ assets (the “First Lien Collateral”).  The Revolving

Credit Facility and Term Loan Facility are both governed by the First Lien Credit Agreement and

the First Lien Credit Agreement Agent’s liens on the First Lien Collateral are held for the ratable

benefit of the First Lien Credit Agreement Lenders.

44. 
Senior Secured Notes.  Debtor WW International, Inc. as issuer, Debtors WW

North America Holdings, LLC, WW Canada Holdco, Inc., WW.com, LLC, W Holdco, Inc., WW

Health Solutions, Inc., Weekend Health, Inc., and WW NewCo, Inc., as guarantors, and The Bank

of New York Mellon, as trustee and notes collateral agent (the “Senior Secured Notes Indenture

Trustee”), are parties to that certain Indenture dated as of April 13, 2021, pursuant to which the

Company issued 4.500% senior secured notes due 2029 (the “Senior Secured Notes”).As of the

Petition Date, there is $500 million in aggregate principal amount of Senior Secured Notes issued

and outstanding.  The Senior Secured Notes mature on April 15, 2029.

18

=== page 19 ===
Case 25-10829-CTG    Doc 2    Filed 05/06/25    Page 19 of 101

45. 
The Debtors have entered into various security and collateral documents in favor

of the Senior Secured Notes Indenture Trustee (for the benefit of the holders of the Senior Secured

Notes (the “Prepetition Noteholders”), pursuant to which the Senior Secured Notes Indenture

Trustee (for the benefit of the Prepetition Noteholders) was granted first priority liens on the First

Lien Collateral, which liens rank pari passu to the liens on the First Lien Collateral held by the

First Lien Credit Agreement Agent (for the benefit of the First Lien Credit Agreement Lenders)

pursuant to the terms of the Equal Priority Intercreditor Agreement.

46. 
Other Unsecured Claims.  The Debtors also have numerous other unsecured claims

outstanding as of the Petition Date, including trade claims.  The Debtors estimate that such trade

claims total approximately $38,000,000.  Given the prepackaged nature of these Chapter 11 Cases,

contemporaneously herewith, the Debtors have filed a motion seeking to pay trade claims in the

ordinary course of business.

47. 
Existing Equity.  There are 80,280,308 shares of WW International, Inc.

outstanding as of April 29, 2025, which, as mentioned above, are traded on the NASDAQ under

the ticker symbol “WW.”

V. 
Events Leading to the Commencement of these Chapter 11 Cases

A. 
Recent Financial Performance

48. 
Despite the revenues generated from member subscriptions and the Company’s

significant expansion since its inception in 1961, the Debtors’ business has faced intensifying

challenges in recent years.  The following factors, among others, have contributed to the

Company’s constrained financial position.

49. 
Evolving Consumer Preferences.  Consumers are increasingly prioritizing holistic

health and rejecting traditional weight-loss narratives.  The rise of free and low-cost do-it-yourself

(“DIY”) weight-loss apps reflects consumers’ growing demand for self-guided, flexible solutions.

19

=== page 20 ===
Case 25-10829-CTG    Doc 2    Filed 05/06/25    Page 20 of 101

The DIY trend is further fueled by influencers sharing personal success stories and guidance via

social media, including Instagram, TikTok and YouTube.

50. 
The Debtors have also faced the widespread consumer adoption of GLP-1

medications, which has revolutionized the weight-management market and have challenged

conventional weight-loss programs.  This has been further exacerbated in response to the shortages

of branded semaglutide and branded tirzepatide, resulting in the increasing availability of

compounded GLP-1s (which the Debtors will no longer offer), which are available at significantly

lower costs compared to branded GLP-1s.

51. 
Intensifying Competition.  The Debtors have also faced difficulties in recent years

as new competitors and innovations rapidly expanded the weight management market and

escalated competition.  These include other paid weight loss programs, on-demand fitness and

wearables technology, branded telehealth and medications and DIY and free programs, including

free calorie counting and fitness tracking apps.  Amidst this increasingly competitive landscape,

given the pressure the Debtors’ outsized interest expense places on its free cash flow (as discussed

further below), the Debtors’ marketing spend has significantly lagged that of its competitors.

52. 
Strategic Shifts.  The Debtors made several reactive strategic shifts in recent years,

which have driven additional revenue headwinds:

• 
The COVID-19 pandemic resulted in the abrupt pause of physical workshop

meetings in various jurisdictions globally, and required the Debtors to pivot to

accelerate a virtual workshop offering.  With physical workshop attendance in

decline, the Debtors closed a significant percentage of their workshop locations,

which led to further substantial declines in revenue.  In-person attendance

20

=== page 21 ===
Case 25-10829-CTG    Doc 2    Filed 05/06/25    Page 21 of 101

continued to weaken after the pandemic as members continued to gravitate to

virtual workshops.

• 
In 2023, the Debtors closed down their consumer products and e-commerce

business, eliminating a material revenue stream and reducing overall brand

visibility.

• 
Since 2022, the Debtors have undertaken restructuring initiatives aimed at

simplifying their corporate structure and reducing associated costs, including

centralization of international operations.  In connection with these cost-saving

measures, the Company further reduced headcount, marketing, and other

investments in international markets, which has adversely affected subscriber

counts and revenues.

53. 
Potential Event of Default on Revolving Credit Facility.  On January 31, 2025, the

Company fully drew down the remaining available borrowing capacity under the Revolving Credit

Facility in order to provide financial flexibility as the Company headed into restructuring

discussions.

54. 
With the Revolving Credit Facility fully drawn, the Debtors face the possible

occurrence of an event of default under the Revolving Credit Facility. The Credit Agreement

requires that, to the extent that the amount drawn on the Revolving Credit Facility (excluding any

cash collateralized letters of credit and, without duplication, letters of credit the aggregate amount

of which do not exceed $10 million) as of the last day of any fiscal quarter exceeds 35%, or $61.3

million, of the aggregate revolving commitments under the Revolving Credit Facility, the

Company must comply with a consolidated first lien net leverage ratio of 5.25:1.00. As of March

29, 2025, the Revolving Credit Facility was drawn in excess of this threshold, and the Company

21

=== page 22 ===
Case 25-10829-CTG    Doc 2    Filed 05/06/25    Page 22 of 101

expects its consolidated first lien net leverage ratio exceeded the maximum consolidated first lien

net leverage ratio permitted by the Credit Agreement. Consequently, the Company faces the

possibility of the occurrence of an event of default under the Credit Agreement on June 4, 2025

(15 business days after the required delivery date for the compliance certificate for the fiscal

quarter ended March 29, 2025 as required under the Credit Agreement). An event of default would

enable the Prepetition Revolving Lenders to exercise remedies to the detriment of the Company’s

business, including the potential termination of the revolving commitments and acceleration of

maturity under the Revolving Credit Facility, which could, in turn, lead to events of default under

the Term Loan Facility and the Senior Secured Notes.

55. 
Unsustainable Capital Structure and Interest Expense.  In response to these and

other headwinds, the Company’s new executive leadership team has spent considerable time

developing a comprehensive strategy to stabilize operations and return the Company to long-term

growth, which represents a multi-pronged effort to innovate the WeightWatchers digital product

offering, modernize its brand identity, and reassert its point of difference as a unique provider of

a holistic model of care in an increasingly crowded telehealth-only marketplace.  The Company,

however, requires free cash flow to execute on these long-term initiatives.  Currently, the Company

pays over $100 million annually in interest expense (on over $1.6 billion in total funded

indebtedness), which significantly reduces free cash which could otherwise be utilized to invest in

the business and pursue strategic initiatives.  As a result, as discussed further below, the Debtors

embarked on the process to right-size its capital structure to best position itself for long-term

growth.  Additionally, the capital markets clearly perceive a need for a comprehensive balance

sheet restructuring, as evidenced by the Prepetition Term Loan Facility and the Senior Secured

22

=== page 23 ===
Case 25-10829-CTG    Doc 2    Filed 05/06/25    Page 23 of 101

Notes each trading at under $0.30 for the past nine months and the Company’s equity closing

trading at under $1.00 for the past three months, reflecting nothing more than option value.5

B. 
Efforts to Negotiate a Comprehensive Restructuring

56. 
Realizing the need for a holistic capital structure solution, in August 2024, the

Company engaged PJT as its investment banker and MS to explore capital structure alternatives,

along with its long-time counsel STB.  The Company also engaged A&M as its financial advisor

in January 2025. The restructuring process has been led by a subcommittee of the Board (the “Debt

Subcommittee”) comprised of Mr. Thilo Semmelbauer and Mr. Denis Kelly.  Mr. Semmelbauer

has been the Chairman of the Board since May 2023 and a director since September 2016, and Mr.

Kelly has been a director since May 2015.  Each of Mr. Semmelbauer and Mr. Kelly have decades

of financial and business experience.  After formulating a business plan and carefully considering

various liability management alternatives, the Company, together with its Advisors, determined

that the optimal path forward was an equitization transaction that would considerably de-leverage

the Company by reducing the Company’s funded indebtedness and annual interest expense.

57. 
To that end, on January 18, 2025, the Company presented a comprehensive

restructuring proposal to the advisors to the Ad Hoc Group (the “Initial Proposal”), along with

access to significant diligence and other information.  Beginning on March 10, 2025, the members

of a steering committee of the Ad Hoc Group (the “SteerCo”) executed non-disclosure agreements

and received the Initial Proposal.

58. 
The Company, guided by the Debt Subcommittee, and the SteerCo then engaged in

intensive negotiations over the terms of a restructuring transaction, trading multiple proposals and

5  The Company’s equity closed trading at $6.45 on January 1, 2024 and at $0.58 on April 28, 2025, representing a 
decline of over 91%.

23

=== page 24 ===
Case 25-10829-CTG    Doc 2    Filed 05/06/25    Page 24 of 101

term sheets. Once the Company and the SteerCo reached an agreement on the terms of a

transaction, the SteerCo and the Ad Hoc Group Advisors built support for the transaction among

other members of the Ad Hoc Group. This ultimately resulted in the execution of the Restructuring

Support Agreement by holders of over 71% of the outstanding principal amount of First Lien

Credit Agreement Claims and 74% of the outstanding principal amount of Senior Secured Notes

Claims.

C. 
The Proposed Restructuring Transactions

59. 
As discussed above, the Restructuring Support Agreement contemplates a

comprehensive financial restructuring of the Company that will result in the deleveraging of the

Company’s balance sheet and significant reduction in interest expense.  The parties determined

that the best way to implement these transactions is through a prepackaged chapter 11 case.

60. 
Pursuant to the Restructuring Support Agreement, the treatment of Claims and

Interests includes the following:

• on the Effective Date, the First Lien Claims will be released and extinguished and 
each holder of an Allowed First Lien Claim shall receive in full and final 
satisfaction of such Allowed First Lien Claim its pro rata share of (i) the New 
Takeback Debt, provided that the New Term Loan Creditors shall receive the New 
Term Loans and the New Notes Creditors shall receive the New Notes in 
accordance with such Holder’s election and (b) subject to the proviso in the next 
sentence, 91% of the New Common Equity, subject to dilution by the MIP. Under 
the Bankruptcy Code, the Holders of First Lien Claims are entitled to 100% of the 
New Common Equity, but the Holders of the First Lien Claims, by entering into 
the Restructuring Support Agreement, have agreed to voluntarily reallocate 9% of 
the New Common Equity (pre-dilution from the MIP) to Holders of Existing Equity 
Interests (the “Initial Reallocation”); provided that, if the Milestones set forth in the 
Restructuring Support Agreement have not been met (other than as a result of the 
breach of the Restructuring Support Agreement by the Consenting Creditors), the 
9% of New Common Equity voluntarily reallocated to the Holders of the Existing 
Equity Interests shall be automatically forfeited to the Holders of First Lien Claims, 
who shall then receive 100% of the New Common Equity (pre-dilution from the 
MIP) on a pro rata basis on the Effective Date (the “Subsequent Reallocation”);

• all Allowed General Unsecured Claims will be paid in full in the ordinary course 
or otherwise Unimpaired; and

24

=== page 25 ===
Case 25-10829-CTG    Doc 2    Filed 05/06/25    Page 25 of 101

• on the Effective Date, all Existing Equity Interests will be cancelled, released, and 
extinguished and will be of no further force and effect and the holders of Existing 
Equity Interests shall be voluntarily allocated 9% of the New Common Equity on a 
pro rata basis (pre-dilution from the MIP), from New Common Equity that the 
Holders of the First Lien Claims are otherwise be entitled to under the Bankruptcy 
Code pursuant to the Initial Reallocation; provided that, if the Milestones set forth 
in the Restructuring Support Agreement have not been met (other than as a result 
of the breach of the Restructuring Support Agreement by the Consenting Creditors), 
the 9% of New Common Equity voluntarily reallocated to the Holders of the 
Existing Equity Interests shall be automatically forfeited to the Holders of First 
Lien Claims, who shall then receive 100% of the New Common Equity (pre-
dilution from the MIP) on a pro rata basis on the Effective Date pursuant to the 
Subsequent Reallocation.

61. 
The Company, its Advisors, and the Debt Subcommittee believe that the

transactions contemplated by the Plan and the Restructuring Support Agreement maximize value

for the benefit of all of the Debtors’ stakeholders, are expected to result in minimal to no disruption

of the Company’s operations and will leave member programming unaffected.

62. 
Consequently, on May 6, 2025, with the recommendation of the Debt

Subcommittee, the Board approved the Company’s entry into the Restructuring Support

Agreement and the commencement of these Chapter 11 Cases.  The Company intends to conduct

these Chapter 11 Cases expeditiously and efficiently and is targeting emergence no later than late

June 2025.

VI. 
The Debtors’ Cash Collateral Motion

63. 
To provide the Debtors with liquidity to smoothly commence the Chapter 11 Cases,

the Consenting Creditors agreed to consensual use of prepetition cash collateral (the “Cash

Collateral”).  The access to Cash Collateral will provide the Debtors with the necessary liquidity

to fund their business operations and administrative expenses during the Chapter 11 Cases, which

will minimize potential disruptions and preserve enterprise value.

25

=== page 26 ===
Case 25-10829-CTG    Doc 2    Filed 05/06/25    Page 26 of 101

A. 
The Debtors’ Proposed Use of Cash Collateral

64. 
Pursuant to the Cash Collateral Motion (as defined below), the Debtors intend to

seek the continued use of the First Lien Creditors’ cash collateral to provide sufficient liquidity for

their operations during the Chapter 11 Cases.  Without access to cash collateral, the Debtors would

be unable to operate their business and administer their estates, and their stakeholders would be

immediately and irreparably harmed as a result.  Authorization to use cash collateral through the

duration of the Chapter 11 Cases will provide the Debtors with sufficient liquidity to continue

operating as a going-concern and to maintain relationships with key vendors and personnel,

continue to provide services to their members, and pay wages and provide benefit programs to

employees.

65. 
After good faith negotiations between the Debtors and the Consenting Creditors,

the Debtors have agreed to provide the Consenting Creditors with adequate protection in

consideration for the consensual use of Cash Collateral as set forth in the Cash Collateral Motion

and the accompanying proposed orders.  In addition, the Debtors have agreed on additional

reporting covenants for the benefit of the Consenting Creditors, including providing Consenting

Creditors the right to participate in calls with the Debtors’ management and cooperate with the

Debtors’ financial advisors

VII. 
Facts Supporting Relief Sought in First Day Pleadings

66. 
In furtherance of their objective of preserving value for all stakeholders, the Debtors

have filed the following First Day Pleadings and related orders (the “Proposed Orders”)

contemporaneously herewith, and respectfully request that the Court consider entering the

Proposed Orders granting the relief sought in the First Day Pleadings.  For the avoidance of doubt,

the Debtors seek authority, but not direction, to pay amounts or satisfy obligations that are the

subject of the First Day Pleadings.  The First Day Pleadings include:

26

=== page 27 ===
Case 25-10829-CTG    Doc 2    Filed 05/06/25    Page 27 of 101

A. 
Administrative and Procedural Pleadings

i. 
Debtors’ Motion for an Order Authorizing Joint Administration of the 
Debtors’ Chapter 11 Cases

ii. 
Debtors’ Motion for Entry of an Order (I) Authorizing Debtors to Redact 
Certain Personally Identifiable Information, (II) Authorizing Electronic 
Noticing Procedures for Members, and (III) Granting Related Relief

iii. 
Debtors’ 
Application 
for 
Appointment 
of 
Kroll 
Restructuring 
Administration LLC as Claims and Noticing Agent

iv. 
Debtors’ Motion for Entry of Order (I) Restating and Enforcing Protections 
of 11 U.S.C. §§362, 365, 525, and 541(c), (II) Approving Notice Related to 
Non-Debtor Affiliates, and (III) Granting Related Relief

B. 
Business Operation Motions

i. 
Debtors’ Motion for Entry of Interim and Final Orders (I) Authorizing 
Debtors to (A) Pay Certain Prepetition Employee Obligations and 
(B) Maintain Employee Benefits Programs and (II) Granting Related Relief

ii. 
Debtors’ Motion for Interim and Final Orders (I) Authorizing the Debtors 
to Pay Certain Prepetition Taxes and Fees and Related Obligations, (II) 
Authorizing Banks to Honor and Process Checks and Electronic Transfer 
Requests Related Thereto, and (III) Granting Related Relief

iii. 
Debtors’ Motion for Entry of Interim and Final Orders (I) Authorizing the 
Debtors to Continue and Pay All Prepetition Obligations Relating to Their 
(A) Prepetition Insurance Policies and (B) Surety Bond Program; (II) 
Authorizing the Debtors’ Banks and Other Financial Institutions to Honor 
and Process Checks and Transfers Related Thereto; and (III) Granting 
Related Relief

iv. 
Debtors’ Motion for Interim and Final Orders (I) Prohibiting Utility 
Companies from Altering, Refusing, or Discontinuing Utility Services, 
(II) Deeming Utility Companies Adequately Assured of Future Payment, 
(III) Establishing Procedures for Resolving Objections by Utility 
Companies and Determining Any Additional Adequate Assurance of 
Payment, and (IV) Granting Related Relief

v. 
Debtors’ Motion for Entry of Interim and Final Orders (I) Authorizing the 
Debtors to Maintain and Administer Their Existing Member Programs and 
Honor Certain Prepetition Obligations Related Thereto, (II) Authorizing 
the Banks to Honor and Process Check and Electronic Transfer Requests 
Related Thereto, and (III) Granting Related Relief

27

=== page 28 ===
Case 25-10829-CTG    Doc 2    Filed 05/06/25    Page 28 of 101

vi. 
Debtors’ Motion for Interim and Final Orders (I) Authorizing the Debtors 
to (A) Continue and Maintain Their Cash Management System, Including 
Bank Accounts and Business Forms, (B) Continue Intercompany 
Transactions, and (C) Honor Certain Prepetition Obligations Related 
Thereto, (II) Waiving Certain Operating Guidelines, (III) Extending the 
Time to Comply with Section 345(B) of the Bankruptcy Code, and (IV) 
Granting Related Relief

C. 
All Trade Motion

i. 
Debtors’ Motion for Entry of Interim and Final Orders (I) Authorizing the 
Debtors to Pay Prepetition Trade Claims in the Ordinary Course of 
Business and (II) Granting Related Relief

D. 
Solicitation Procedures Motion

i. 
Debtors’ Motion for Entry of an Order (I) Scheduling Combined Hearing 
on Adequacy of the Disclosure Statement and Confirmation of the Plan; (II) 
Fixing Deadline to Object to Disclosure Statement and the Plan; (III) 
Approving Prepetition Solicitation Procedures and Form and Manner of 
Notice of Commencement, Combined Hearing and Objection Deadline; 
(IV) Approving Notice and Objection Procedures for the Assumption of 
Executory Contracts and Unexpired Leases; (V) Conditionally (A) 
Directing the United States Trustee Not to Convene Section 341(A) Meeting 
of Creditors and (B) Waiving Requirement of Filing Statements of Financial 
Affairs and Schedules of Assets and Liabilities and Rule 2015.3 Reports; 
and (VI) Granting Related Relief

E. 
Cash Collateral Motion

i. 
Debtors’ Motion Seeking Entry of Interim and Final Orders (I) Authorizing 
Consensual Use of Cash Collateral; (II) Granting Adequate Protection 
Liens and Superpriority Administrative Expense Claims to Prepetition 
Secured Parties; (III) Modifying Automatic Stay; (IV) Scheduling Final 
Hearing; and (V) Granting Related Relief

F. 
NOL Motion

i. 
Debtors’ Motion for Entry of Interim and Final Orders (I) Establishing 
Notification Procedures and Approving Restrictions on Certain Transfers 
of Interests In, and Claims Against, the Debtors and (II) Granting Related 
Relief

67. 
I have reviewed each of the First Day Pleadings, Proposed Orders, and exhibits

thereto, and the facts set forth therein are true and correct to the best of my knowledge, information,

and belief.  Moreover, I believe that the relief sought in each of the First Day Pleadings: (i) is vital

28

=== page 29 ===
Case 25-10829-CTG    Doc 2    Filed 05/06/25    Page 29 of 101

to enabling the Debtors to make the transition to, and operate in, chapter 11 with minimal employee

attrition and no disruption to their business, and without loss of productivity or value; (ii) is

necessary to preserve valuable relationships with customers, trade vendors, landlords, and other

creditors; and (iii) constitutes a critical element in the Debtors’ ability to successfully maximize

value for the benefit of their estates and a prudent exercise of the Debtors’ business judgement.

ELECTRONIC NOTICING PROCEDURES

68. 
I understand that, through the Debtors’ Motion for Entry of an Order (I)

Authorizing Debtors to Redact Certain Personally Identifiable Information, (II) Authorizing

Electronic Noticing Procedures for Members, and (III) Granting Related Relief, the Company is

requesting to provide notice in these Chapter 11 Cases to the Company’s approximately 4 million6

United States based members through electronic mail rather than traditional hard copy mail.  Based

on my discussions with the Company’s advisors, my understanding of the Company’s ordinary

course communications practices with its members, and my understanding of the Company’s terms

and conditions,7 I understand that the Company communicates with its members via electronic

mail in the ordinary course of business and that each member consented to receive communications

from the Company electronically when signing up to be a member, including with respect to legally

required notices.  I also understand that the Company maintains accurate e-mail addresses for its

members that are provided to the Company directly by the members when they are signing up for

membership.  As a result, I believe that the members are likely to expect to receive communications

in these Chapter 11 Cases through e-mail and may not expect to receive communications from the

6   The Company is providing notice to approximately 2.1 million United States-based members with active 
memberships and approximately 2 million United States-based members that had active memberships in the 
twelve months preceding the Petition Date.

7   See 
Workshops 
+ 
Digital 
Membership 
Terms 
& 
Conditions, 
WEIGHTWATCHERS, 
https://www.weightwatchers.com/us/termsandconditions/membership (last visited Apr. 15, 2025).

29

=== page 30 ===
Case 25-10829-CTG    Doc 2    Filed 05/06/25    Page 30 of 101

Company by traditional forms of mail.  Thus, based on my knowledge and experience, I believe

that providing the members with notice electronically at the e-mail addresses maintained by the

Company is the most appropriate and reliable method of providing notice under the circumstances.

69. 
Furthermore, it is my understanding and belief that serving notice of pleadings and

hearings by traditional mail to the members would impose a significant financial burden on the

Debtors’ estates.  Specifically, I understand from my discussions with the Debtors’ advisors,

including Kroll Restructuring Administration LLC, that every time the members are served with a

two-to-twelve-page document in these Chapter 11 Cases via traditional mail, the service cost will

total approximately $5,000,000– $10,000,000 per mailing.  I believe that service costs of this

magnitude are cost prohibitive and may hinder the Debtors’ reorganization efforts.

SEALING MEMBERS’ NAMES AND OTHER PERSONALLY IDENTIFIABLE

INFORMATION

70. 
Based on my experience and my understanding of the Company’s business, the

Debtors operate in the highly competitive weight management market and, as such, the personally

identifiable information of the Company’s members, including names and home and e-mail

addresses, constitutes valuable, proprietary, and confidential information.  Accordingly, I believe

that disclosing the members’ identities and contact information in the list of creditors and any other

documents filed in these Chapter 11 Cases will enable the Company’s competitors to solicit

business from the members, thereby undermining the Company’s member relationships and

commercially harming the Company.  Thus, I believe that sealing the members’ names and other

personally identifiable information will prevent member attrition and preserve the Debtors’

competitive position in the marketplace, which is of paramount importance in these Chapter 11

Cases.

30

=== page 31 ===
Case 25-10829-CTG    Doc 2    Filed 05/06/25    Page 31 of 101

71. 
Furthermore, to my knowledge, the Company’s members include approximately

130,000 members of the WeightWatchers Clinic, the Debtors’ clinical offering in the United

States, which provides Clinic Members who medically qualify with access to clinicians who,

among other things, can prescribe weight-loss medication to the Clinic Members when medically

appropriate.  As a result, I understand that the Company may have access to, and may receive,

“protected health information” and data relating to the clinic members, which the Debtors may be

required to maintain on a confidential basis under the Health Insurance Portability and

Accountability Act of 1996 (“HIPAA”). Based on my discussions with the Company and its

advisors, I understand that HIPAA and its implementing regulations impose significant penalties

for any HIPAA covered entity that impermissibly uses or discloses protected health information.

See 42 U.S.C. § 1302(d), et. seq. and 45 C.F.R. § 164.502.  Consequently, I understand that the

Debtors may incur significant penalties if the names and other personally identifiable information

of the clinic members are disclosed in these Chapter 11 Cases.

72. 
Furthermore, based on my discussions with the Company and its advisors, I

understand that in addition to HIPAA, various states have enacted consumer privacy laws that

prevent the disclosure of consumer health data.  For example, I understand that effective as of

2024, the Washington My Health My Data Act (Chapter 19.373 RCW) regulates the use and

disclosure of “consumer health data”, which is defined as “personal information that is linked or

reasonably linkable to a consumer and that identifies the consumer’s past, present, or future

physical or mental health status”, and includes data that identifies a consumer seeking health care

services.  I further understand that under the My Health My Data Act, a regulated entity may not

share consumer health data without the consumer’s consent with limited exceptions.  Requiring

the Debtors to disclose the Members’ personally identifiable information may result in the Debtors

31

=== page 32 ===
Case 25-10829-CTG    Doc 2    Filed 05/06/25    Page 32 of 101

impermissibly disclosing information related to a consumer’s health care services in violation of

state privacy laws such as the My Health My Data Act, which may be enforced by Washington’s

attorney general and by individual consumers.  Such disclosure would be detrimental to the

Debtors’ estates and to the Members.

73. 
For all of these reasons, I believe that redacting the identities of the members,

including the clinic members, will ensure that the Debtors comply with HIPAA and preserve the

Debtors’ competitive position in the competitive weight management marketplace.

CONCLUSION

74. 
For the reasons stated herein and in each of the First Day Pleadings, I respectfully

request that each First Day Pleading be granted in its entirety, along with such other and further

relief as the Court deems just and proper.

I certify under penalty of perjury that, based upon my knowledge, information and belief

as set forth herein, the foregoing is true and correct.

Executed: May 6, 2025

/s/ Felicia DellaFortuna 
 
Felicia DellaFortuna 
Chief Financial Officer

32

=== page 33 ===
Case 25-10829-CTG    Doc 2    Filed 05/06/25    Page 33 of 101

Exhibit A

Restructuring Support Agreement

=== page 34 ===
Case 25-10829-CTG    Doc 2    Filed 05/06/25    Page 34 of 101

THIS RESTRUCTURING SUPPORT AGREEMENT IS NOT AN OFFER OR ACCEPTANCE WITH 
RESPECT TO ANY SECURITIES OR A SOLICITATION OF ACCEPTANCES OF A CHAPTER 11 
PLAN WITHIN THE MEANING OF SECTION 1125 OF THE BANKRUPTCY CODE.  ANY SUCH 
OFFER OR SOLICITATION WILL COMPLY WITH ALL APPLICABLE SECURITIES LAWS
AND/OR PROVISIONS OF THE BANKRUPTCY CODE.  NOTHING CONTAINED IN THIS 
RESTRUCTURING SUPPORT AGREEMENT SHALL BE AN ADMISSION OF FACT OR LIABILITY 
OR, UNTIL THE OCCURRENCE OF THE AGREEMENT EFFECTIVE DATE ON THE TERMS 
DESCRIBED HEREIN, DEEMED BINDING ON ANY OF THE PARTIES HERETO.

THIS RESTRUCTURING SUPPORT AGREEMENT IS THE PRODUCT OF SETTLEMENT 
DISCUSSIONS AMONG THE PARTIES HERETO.  ACCORDINGLY, THIS RESTRUCTURING 
SUPPORT AGREEMENT IS PROTECTED BY RULE 408 OF THE FEDERAL RULES OF EVIDENCE 
AND ANY OTHER APPLICABLE STATUTES OR DOCTRINES PROTECTING THE USE OR 
DISCLOSURE OF CONFIDENTIAL SETTLEMENT DISCUSSIONS.

THIS RESTRUCTURING SUPPORT AGREEMENT DOES NOT PURPORT TO SUMMARIZE ALL 
OF THE TERMS, CONDITIONS, REPRESENTATIONS, WARRANTIES, AND OTHER PROVISIONS 
WITH RESPECT TO THE TRANSACTIONS DESCRIBED HEREIN, WHICH TRANSACTIONS WILL 
BE SUBJECT TO THE COMPLETION OF DEFINITIVE DOCUMENTS INCORPORATING THE 
TERMS SET FORTH HEREIN AND THE CLOSING OF ANY TRANSACTION SHALL BE SUBJECT 
TO THE TERMS AND CONDITIONS SET FORTH IN SUCH DEFINITIVE DOCUMENTS AND THE 
APPROVAL RIGHTS OF THE PARTIES SET FORTH HEREIN AND IN SUCH DEFINITIVE 
DOCUMENTS, IN EACH CASE, SUBJECT TO THE TERMS HEREOF.

RESTRUCTURING SUPPORT AGREEMENT

This RESTRUCTURING SUPPORT AGREEMENT (including all exhibits, annexes, and 
schedules attached hereto in accordance with Section 13.02, this “Restructuring Support Agreement” or 
this “Agreement”) is made and entered into as of May 6, 2025, by and among the following parties:1

(i) 
WW International, Inc. (“WW”), a Virginia corporation, and each of its Affiliates listed on
Exhibit A to this Agreement and signatory hereto (the Entities in this clause (i), collectively, 
the “Company Parties”);

(ii) 
the undersigned holders of, or investment advisors, sub-advisors or managers of discretionary
accounts that hold, First Lien Credit Agreement Claims (the “Consenting First Lien Credit
Agreement Lenders”) that have executed and delivered counterpart signature pages to this
Agreement or a Joinder to counsel to the Company Parties and the Ad Hoc Group’s Advisors; 
and

(iii) 
the undersigned holders of, or investment advisors, sub-advisors or managers of discretionary
accounts that hold, Senior Secured Notes Claims (the “Consenting Noteholders” and, together 
with the Consenting First Lien Credit Agreement Lenders, the “Consenting Creditors”) that 
have executed and delivered counterpart signature pages to this Agreement or a Joinder to 
counsel to the Company Parties and the Ad Hoc Group’s Advisors.

1  
Capitalized terms used but not defined in the preamble and recitals to this Agreement have the meanings ascribed
to them in Section 1.01.

=== page 35 ===
Case 25-10829-CTG    Doc 2    Filed 05/06/25    Page 35 of 101

RECITALS

WHEREAS, the Company Parties and the Consenting Creditors have in good faith and at arms’
length negotiated or been apprised of certain restructuring and recapitalization transactions with respect to 
the Company Parties’ capital structure on the terms set forth in this Agreement and as specified in the term 
sheet attached as Exhibit B hereto (including all exhibits, annexes, and schedules thereto, 
the “Restructuring Term Sheet” and, such transactions as described in this Agreement and the 
Restructuring Term Sheet, the “Restructuring Transactions”);

WHEREAS, the Company Parties intend to implement the Restructuring Transactions by 
commencing voluntary prepackaged cases under chapter 11 of the Bankruptcy Code in the Bankruptcy 
Court to consummate the Plan (the cases commenced the “Chapter 11 Cases”); and

WHEREAS, the Parties have agreed to take certain actions in support of the Restructuring 
Transactions on the terms and conditions set forth in this Agreement and the Restructuring Term Sheet.

NOW, THEREFORE, in consideration of the covenants and agreements contained herein, and for
other valuable consideration, the receipt and sufficiency of which are hereby acknowledged, each Party,
intending to be legally bound hereby, agrees as follows:

AGREEMENT

Section 1. 
Definitions and Interpretation.

1.01. 
Definitions.  Capitalized terms used but not defined in this Agreement have the meanings
given to such terms in Exhibit 1 to or otherwise in the Restructuring Term Sheet.  The following terms
shall have the following definitions:

“Ad Hoc Group” means that certain ad hoc group of holders of First Lien Claims, as may be 
reconstituted from time to time, represented by, among others, Gibson Dunn and Houlihan.

“Ad Hoc Group’s Advisors” means (a) Gibson, Dunn & Crutcher LLP, as counsel to the Ad Hoc
Group (“Gibson Dunn”), (b) Houlihan Lokey, as financial advisor to the Ad Hoc Group (“Houlihan”), (c)
Pachulski Stang Ziehl & Jones LLP, as Delaware counsel to the Ad Hoc Group and (d) any other 
professionals retained by the Ad Hoc Group with the prior written consent of the Company Parties (not to 
be unreasonably withheld, conditioned, or delayed).

“Agreement” has the meaning set forth in the preamble to this Agreement and, for the avoidance
of doubt, includes all the exhibits, annexes, and schedules attached hereto in accordance with Section 13.02
(including the Restructuring Term Sheet, which is expressly incorporated herein and made a part of this 
Agreement).

“Agreement Effective Date” has the meaning set forth in Section 2.01.

“Agreement Effective Period” means the period from the Agreement Effective Date (or, in the
case of any Consenting Creditor that becomes a party hereto after the Agreement Effective Date, the date
as of which such Consenting Creditor executes and delivers a Joinder to counsel to the Company Parties 
and the Ad Hoc Group’s Advisors) to the Termination Date.

“Alternative Restructuring” means (a) any sale, disposition, new-money investment, 
restructuring, reorganization, merger, amalgamation, acquisition, consolidation, dissolution, debt

2

=== page 36 ===
Case 25-10829-CTG    Doc 2    Filed 05/06/25    Page 36 of 101

investment, equity investment, financing (including any debtor-in-possession financing or exit financing), 
use of cash collateral, liquidation, tender offer, asset sale, share issuance, recapitalization, plan of 
reorganization, share exchange, business combination, joint venture, partnership, or similar transaction 
involving any one or more of the Company Parties or any Affiliates of the Company Parties or the debt, 
equity, or other interests in any one or more of the Company Parties or any Affiliates, other than as 
contemplated by this Agreement, including the Restructuring Term Sheet, or (b) any other transaction 
involving one or more Company Parties that is an alternative to and/or inconsistent with the Restructuring 
Transactions.

“Alternative Restructuring Proposal” means any plan, proposal, offer, bid, term sheet, or 
agreement with respect to an Alternative Restructuring.

“Bankruptcy Code” means title 11 of the United States Code, as amended, supplemented or 
otherwise modified from time to time.

“Bankruptcy Court” means the United States Bankruptcy Court for the District of Delaware.

“Cash Collateral Order” means the order entered in the Chapter 11 Cases authorizing the 
consensual use of cash collateral (whether interim or final).

“Chapter 11 Cases” has the meaning set forth in the recitals to this Agreement.

“Claim” has the meaning ascribed to it in section 101(5) of the Bankruptcy Code.

“Company Claims/Interests” means any Claim against, or Interest in, any Company Party.

“Company Parties” has the meaning set forth in the preamble to this Agreement.

“Confidentiality Agreement” means an executed confidentiality agreement, including with
respect to the issuance of a “cleansing letter” or other public disclosure of material non-public information
agreement, in connection with any proposed Restructuring Transactions.

“Confirmation” means entry of the Confirmation Order on the docket of the Chapter 11 Cases.

“Confirmation Hearing” means the hearing held by the Bankruptcy Court to consider 
Confirmation of the Plan pursuant to sections 1128 and 1129 of the Bankruptcy Code.

“Confirmation Order” means the order entered by the Bankruptcy Court confirming the Plan.

“Consent” means any consent, novation, approval, authorization, qualification, waiver, registration
or notification to be obtained from, filed with or delivered to a Governmental Entity or any other Person.

“Consenting Creditors” has the meaning set forth in the preamble to this Agreement.

“Consenting First Lien Credit Agreement Lenders” has the meaning set forth in the preamble 
to this Agreement.

“Consenting Noteholders” has the meaning set forth in the preamble to this Agreement.

“Debtors” means the Company Parties that commence Chapter 11 Cases, which shall include the 
parties set forth in Exhibit A to this Agreement.

3

=== page 37 ===
Case 25-10829-CTG    Doc 2    Filed 05/06/25    Page 37 of 101

“Definitive Documents” means the documents listed in Section 3.01.

“Disclosure Statement” means the disclosure statement with respect to the Plan that is prepared
and distributed to, among others, holders of First Lien Claims, in accordance with, among other things, 
sections 1125, 1126(b), and 1145 of the Bankruptcy Code, Rule 3018 of the Bankruptcy Rules and other 
applicable Law, and all exhibits, schedules, supplements, modifications and amendments thereto.

“Disclosure Statement Order” means the order of the Bankruptcy Court approving the Disclosure 
Statement as a disclosure statement meeting the applicable requirements of the Bankruptcy Code and, to
the extent necessary, approving the related Solicitation Materials, which order may be the Confirmation 
Order.

“Entity” shall have the meaning set forth in section 101(15) of the Bankruptcy Code.

“Exchange Act” means the Securities and Exchange Act of 1934, as amended.

“Execution Date” has the meaning set forth in the preamble to this Agreement.

“Existing Common Stock” means any Interest in a Company Party existing as of the Agreement 
Effective Date.  Notwithstanding the foregoing, Existing Common Stock does not include Intercompany 
Interests.

“Existing Intercreditor Agreement” means that certain Equal Priority Intercreditor Agreement,
dated as of April 13, 2021, among the Company Parties party thereto, the First Lien Credit Agreement 
Agent, as senior credit facilities collateral agent, and The Bank of New York Mellon, as collateral agent for 
the Senior Secured Notes, as amended, supplemented, or otherwise modified from time to time.

“Finance Documents” means, collectively, (a) the First Lien Credit Agreement and the Senior 
Secured Notes Indenture, and (b) all other documents entered into pursuant to or in connection with the 
foregoing documents in clause (a) of this definition (including, but not limited to, any cash management 
arrangements and ancillary facilities).

“First Day Pleadings” means the first-day pleadings that the Company Parties determine are 
necessary or desirable to File.

“First Lien Claims” means the First Lien Credit Agreement Claims and the Senior Secured Notes 
Claims.

“First Lien Credit Agreement” means that certain Credit Agreement, dated as of April 13, 2021,
among WW, as borrower, the other guarantors party thereto, the lenders party thereto from time to time and
the First Lien Credit Agreement Agent, as amended, supplemented, or otherwise modified from time to 
time.

“First Lien Credit Agreement Agent” means Bank of America, N.A., in its capacity as 
administrative agent and collateral agent.

“First Lien Credit Agreement Claims” means any Claim arising out of or relating to any 
“Obligation” (as defined in the First Lien Credit Agreement) existing under the First Lien Credit 
Agreement.

4

=== page 38 ===
Case 25-10829-CTG    Doc 2    Filed 05/06/25    Page 38 of 101

“First Lien Loan Documents” means the “Loan Documents” as defined in the First Lien Credit 
Agreement.

“First Lien Term Loans” means the first priority term loans arising under the First Lien Credit 
Agreement.

“Governmental Entity” means any applicable federal, state, local, or foreign government or any 
agency, bureau, board, commission, court, or arbitral body, department, political subdivision, regulatory or 
administrative authority, tribunal or other instrumentality thereof, or any self-regulatory organization.  For 
the avoidance of doubt, the term Governmental Entity includes any Governmental Unit (as such term is 
defined in section 101(27) of the Bankruptcy Code).

“Indicative New Takeback Debt Election” means a non-binding indicative election on each 
Consenting Creditor’s signature page hereto (including via a Joinder) to receive New Takeback Debt in the 
form of either New Term Loans or New Notes.  In order to validly make a binding New Takeback Debt 
Election, the Consenting Creditor must comply with the procedures set forth in the Disclosure Statement 
and the other Definitive Documents, and, in the case of any Consenting Creditor electing to receive New 
Notes, provide the New Notes Certification through the required procedures set forth in the Disclosure
Statement and other Definitive Documents.  If no valid New Takeback Debt Election is completed, the
Consenting Creditor shall, subject to the terms of the Plan, receive New Term Loans.  For the avoidance of 
doubt, individual sub-funds managed by common parent are permitted to make individual elections (e.g., 
CLO Sub-fund A may make a New Notes Election without prejudice to CLO Sub-fund B).

“Initial Parties” has the meaning set forth in Section 2.01.

“Joinder” means a joinder to this Agreement substantially in the form attached hereto as
Exhibit C.

“Laws” means any federal, state, local, or foreign law (including common law), statute, code, 
ordinance, rule, regulation, order, ruling, or judgment, in each case, that is validly adopted, promulgated, 
issued, or entered by a governmental authority of competent jurisdiction (including the Bankruptcy Court).

“Milestones” means the milestones set forth in the Restructuring Term Sheet as may amended in 
accordance with this Agreement from time to time.

“New Credit Agreement” means that certain credit agreement to be entered into among the 
Company Parties, the holders of First Lien Credit Agreement Claims, on the Effective Date in accordance 
with the Restructuring Term Sheet with respect to the New Term Loans.

“New First Lien Debt Documents” means (a) the New Credit Agreement (including all exhibits, 
annexes, and schedules attached thereto), (b) the New Intercreditor Agreement and (c) each other document 
executed in connection therewith.

“New Intercreditor Agreement” means a pari passu intercreditor agreement to be entered into
among the administrative agent and collateral agent under the New Credit Agreement and the trustee and 
collateral agent under the New Notes Indenture, which shall be based on the Existing Intercreditor 
Agreement, with necessary changes agreed to among the Required Consenting Creditors and the Company 
Parties.

“New Notes” means the senior secured notes issued pursuant to the New Notes Indenture.

5

=== page 39 ===
Case 25-10829-CTG    Doc 2    Filed 05/06/25    Page 39 of 101

“New Notes Documents” means the (a) the New Notes Indenture (including all exhibits, annexes,
and schedules attached thereto), (b) the New Intercreditor Agreement and (c) each other document executed
in connection therewith.

“New Notes Indenture” means that certain indenture to be entered into among the Company
Parties and trustee and collateral agent reasonably acceptable to the Company Parties and the Required 
Consenting Creditors governing the New Notes received by the holders of Senior Secured Notes Claims on 
the Effective Date in accordance with the Restructuring Term Sheet.

“New Organizational Documents” means the new organizational documents of the Reorganized 
Debtors, to be entered into on the Effective Date, including certificates of incorporation, limited liability 
company agreements, stockholders or shareholders agreements, operating agreements, equity subscription 
or purchase agreements, charters or by-laws, which shall be consistent in all respects with this Agreement 
and the applicable terms of the Restructuring Term Sheet and otherwise in form and substance acceptable 
to the Required Consenting Creditors.

“New Takeback Debt Election” means a binding election in compliance with the procedures set
forth in the Disclosure Statement and the other Definitive Documents, and, in the case of any Consenting 
Creditor electing to receive New Notes, providing the New Notes Certification through the required 
procedures set forth in the Disclosure Statement and other Definitive Documents.  If no valid New Takeback 
Debt Election is completed, the Consenting Creditor shall, subject to the terms of the Plan, receive New 
Term Loans.  For the avoidance of doubt, individual sub-funds managed by common parent are permitted 
to make individual elections (e.g., CLO Sub-fund A may make a New Notes Election without prejudice to 
CLO Sub-fund B).

“Organizational Documents” means, with respect to any Person other than a natural person, the 
documents by which such Person was organized or formed (such as a certificate of incorporation, certificate 
of formation, certificate of limited partnership, or articles of organization) or which relate to the internal 
governance of such Person (such as by-laws or a partnership agreement, or an operating, limited liability 
company or members agreement).

“Parties” means the Initial Parties and any other Consenting Creditor that becomes party to this 
Agreement in accordance with this Agreement.

“Permits” means any license, permit, registration, authorization, approval, certificate of authority, 
accreditation, qualification, or similar document or authority that has been issued or granted by any 
Governmental Entity or Third Party Association.

“Permitted Transferee” means each transferee of any Company Claims/Interests who meets the 
requirements of Section 8.01.

“Person” means an individual, a partnership, a joint venture, a limited liability company, a 
corporation, a trust, an unincorporated organization, a group, a Governmental Entity, a Third Party 
Association, or any legal entity or association.

“Petition Date” means the first date any of the Company Parties commences a Chapter 11 Case.

“Plan Release” means customary mutual releases by the Parties to be included in the Plan as set
forth in Exhibit 5 to the Restructuring Term Sheet and otherwise in form and substance acceptable to the
Company Parties and the Required Consenting Creditors.

6

=== page 40 ===
Case 25-10829-CTG    Doc 2    Filed 05/06/25    Page 40 of 101

“Plan Supplement” means any compilation of documents and forms of documents, agreements, 
schedules, and exhibits to the Plan, including (i) the New Organizational Documents, (ii) the New First 
Lien Debt Documents, (iii) the New Notes Documents, (iv) the Schedule of Retained Causes of Action,
(v) the Restructuring Transactions Memorandum, and (vi) any and all other documents necessary to
effectuate the Restructuring Transactions or that is contemplated by the Plan subject to this Agreement, 
which shall be Filed by the Debtors prior to the Confirmation Hearing, and additional documents filed with 
the Bankruptcy Court prior to the Plan Effective Date as amendments to the Plan Supplement, each of 
which shall be consistent in all respects with, and shall otherwise contain, the terms and conditions set forth 
in this Agreement and the Restructuring Term Sheet.

“Qualified Marketmaker” means an entity that (a) holds itself out to the public or the applicable
private markets as standing ready in the ordinary course of business to purchase from customers and sell to
customers Company Claims/Interests (or enter with customers into long and short positions in Company
Claims/Interests), in its capacity as a dealer or market maker in Company Claims/Interests and (b) is, in 
fact, regularly in the business of making a market in claims against issuers or borrowers (including debt 
securities or other debt).

“Required Consenting Creditors” means, as of the relevant date, Consenting Creditors who own
or control more than 50% in aggregate principal amount of the First Lien Claims owned or controlled by 
all Consenting Creditors in the aggregate as of such date.

“Restructuring Term Sheet” has the meaning set forth in the recitals to this Agreement.

“Restructuring Transactions” has the meaning set forth in the recitals to this Agreement.

“Restructuring Transactions Memorandum” means the memorandum setting forth certain steps
of the Restructuring Transactions.

“Revolving Loans” means the funded revolving loan commitments arising under the First Lien 
Credit Agreement.

“Schedule of Retained Causes of Action” means the schedule of Causes of Action that shall vest 
in the Reorganized Debtors on the Plan Effective Date.

“Securities Act” means the Securities Act of 1933, as amended.

“Senior Secured Notes” means the 4.500% senior secured notes due 2029 issued by WW pursuant 
to the Senior Secured Notes Indenture.

“Senior Secured Notes Claims” means any Claim against a Company Party arising under, derived
from, secured by, based on, or related to the Senior Secured Notes or the Senior Secured Notes Indenture.

“Senior Secured Notes Indenture” means the indenture dated as of April 13, 2021, pursuant to 
which WW issued the Senior Secured Notes, as amended or supplemented to the date hereof.

“Senior Secured Notes Indenture Trustee” means The Bank of New York Mellon, in its capacity 
as trustee and notes collateral agent under the Senior Secured Notes Indenture.

“Solicitation Materials” means all documents, ballots, forms and other materials provided in 
connection with the solicitation of votes on the Plan pursuant to sections 1125 and 1126 of the Bankruptcy 
Code (other than the Disclosure Statement).

7

=== page 41 ===
Case 25-10829-CTG    Doc 2    Filed 05/06/25    Page 41 of 101

“Tax Code” means the Internal Revenue Code of 1986, as amended.

“Taxes” means all present and future taxes, levies, imposts, deductions, charges, assessments,
duties and withholdings and any charges of a similar nature (including interest, additions to tax, and 
penalties with respect thereto) that are imposed by any government or other taxing authority.

“Termination Date” means the date on which termination of this Agreement as to a Party is 
effective in accordance with Sections 11.01, 11.02, 11.03, 11.04 or 11.05.

“Termination Event” means any event that gives rise to a right of termination pursuant to Section 
11 hereof.

“Third Party Association” means any trade, industry, business or sector association, body, group 
or council, or similar entity.

“Transaction Expenses” means all reasonable and documented fees, costs and expenses of each
of the Ad Hoc Group’s Advisors in connection with the negotiation, formulation, preparation, execution,
delivery, implementation, consummation, and/or enforcement of this Agreement and/or any of the other 
Definitive Documents, and/or the transactions contemplated hereby or thereby, including any amendments, 
waivers, consents, supplements, or other modifications to any of the foregoing, in each case, consistent with
any engagement letters or fee reimbursement letters entered into between the applicable Company Parties,
on the one hand, and any Ad Hoc Group Advisor, on the other hand.

“Transfer” means to sell, resell, reallocate, use, pledge, assign, transfer, loan, grant, hypothecate, 
participate, donate, or otherwise encumber or dispose of, directly or indirectly (including through 
derivatives, options, swaps, pledges, forward sales, or other transactions).

“Transferee Qualified Marketmaker” has the meaning set forth in Section 8.05.

1.02. 
Interpretation.  For purposes of this Agreement:

(a) 
in the appropriate context, each term, whether stated in the singular or the plural, shall
include both the singular and the plural, and pronouns stated in the masculine, feminine, or neuter gender
shall include the masculine, feminine, and the neuter gender;

(b) 
capitalized terms defined only in the plural or singular form shall nonetheless have their
defined meanings when used in the opposite form;

(c) 
unless otherwise specified, any reference herein to a contract, lease, instrument, release,
indenture or other agreement or document being in a particular form or on particular terms and conditions
means that such document shall be substantially in such form or substantially on such terms and conditions;

(d) 
unless otherwise specified, any reference herein to an existing document, schedule, or
exhibit shall mean such document, schedule, or exhibit, as it may have been or may be amended, restated, 
amended and restated, supplemented, or otherwise modified or replaced from time to time; provided, that 
any capitalized terms herein which are defined with reference to another agreement, are defined with 
reference to such other agreement as of the date of this Agreement, without giving effect to any termination 
of such other agreement or amendments to such capitalized terms in any such other agreement following 
the date hereof;

8

=== page 42 ===
Case 25-10829-CTG    Doc 2    Filed 05/06/25    Page 42 of 101

(e) 
unless otherwise specified, all references herein to “Sections” are references to Sections of
this Agreement;

(f) 
the words “herein,” “hereof,” and “hereto” refer to this Agreement in its entirety rather
than to any particular portion of this Agreement;

(g) 
captions and headings to Sections are inserted for convenience of reference only and are
not intended to be a part of or to affect the interpretation of this Agreement;

(h) 
references to “shareholders,” “directors,” and/or “officers” shall also include “members”
and/or “managers,” as applicable, as such terms are defined under the applicable limited liability company 
Laws;

(i) 
the use of “include” or “including” is without limitation, whether stated or not; and

(j) 
the phrase “counsel to the Consenting Creditors” refers in this Agreement to the counsel
specified in Section 13.10, other than counsel to the Company Parties.

Section 2. 
Effectiveness of this Agreement.

2.01. 
This Agreement shall become effective and binding upon each of the parties that has 
executed and delivered counterpart signature pages to this Agreement on the date on which all the following 
conditions have been satisfied or waived by the applicable Party or Parties in accordance with this 
Agreement (such date, the “Agreement Effective Date” and such parties, the “Initial Parties”):

(a) 
each of the Company Parties shall have executed and delivered counterpart signature pages
of this Agreement to counsel to each of the Initial Parties; and

(b) 
holders who together hold at least 66.67% of the aggregate outstanding principal amount
of First Lien Claims shall have executed and delivered counterpart signature pages of this Agreement to
counsel to the Company Parties and each other Initial Party.

Further, all accrued and unpaid Transaction Expenses incurred up to (and including) the 
Agreement Effective Date shall be paid in full in cash as set forth in Section 13.20(a)(i).

Section 3. 
Definitive Documents.

3.01. 
The Definitive Documents governing the Restructuring Transactions shall include this 
Agreement and all other material agreements, instruments, pleadings, orders, forms, questionnaires and 
other material documents (including all exhibits, schedules, supplements, appendices, annexes, instructions, 
and attachments thereto) that are utilized to implement or effectuate, or that otherwise relate to, the 
Restructuring Transactions, including each of the following:

(a) 
the Solicitation Materials;

(b) 
the Plan;

(c) 
the Disclosure Statement;

(d) 
the New First Lien Debt Documents;

(e) 
the New Notes Documents;

9

=== page 43 ===
Case 25-10829-CTG    Doc 2    Filed 05/06/25    Page 43 of 101

(f) 
the New Organizational Documents;

(g) 
any material documents in connection with any First Day Pleadings or “second day”
pleadings and all orders sought pursuant thereto, including any cash management orders;

(h) 
the Cash Collateral Order;

(i) 
the Disclosure Statement Order;

(j) 
the Confirmation Order;

(k) 
the Plan Supplement;

(l) 
such other definitive documentation as is necessary or desirable to consummate the
Restructuring Transactions; and

(m) 
any other exhibits, schedules, amendments, modifications, supplements, appendices,
attachments or other documents and/or agreements relating to any of the foregoing.

3.02. 
The Definitive Documents not executed or in a form attached to this Agreement as of the 
Execution Date remain subject to negotiation and completion, as applicable.  Upon completion, the
Definitive Documents and every other document, deed, agreement, filing, notification, letter or instrument
related to the Restructuring Transactions shall contain terms, conditions, representations, warranties, and 
covenants consistent in all respects with the terms of this Agreement and the applicable terms of the 
Restructuring Term Sheet, as they may be modified, amended, or supplemented in accordance with Section 
12.  Further, except as otherwise set forth herein, the Definitive Documents not executed or in a form 
attached to this Agreement as of the Execution Date shall be in form and substance acceptable to the 
Required Consenting Creditors and the Company Parties.

Section 4. 
Commitments of the Consenting Creditors.

4.01. 
Affirmative Commitments. During the Agreement Effective Period, each Consenting 
Creditor, on a several and not joint basis, agrees, in respect of all its Company Claims/Interests, to:

(a) 
support the Restructuring Transactions and vote or consent, to the extent applicable, and
exercise any voting or consent powers or rights available to it (including in any board, shareholders’, or 
creditors’ meeting or in any process requiring voting or approval to which they are legally entitled to 
participate) in each case in favor of any matter requiring approval to the extent necessary to implement the 
Restructuring Transactions;

(b) 
vote each of its Company Claims/Interests to accept the Plan by delivering its duly
executed and completed ballot accepting the Plan on a timely basis following the commencement of the 
solicitation of the Plan and its actual receipt of the Disclosure Statement and any related Solicitation 
Materials;

(c) 
to the extent it is permitted to elect whether to opt in or not to opt out of the Plan Releases,
elect to opt into or not to opt out of (as applicable) the Plan Releases by timely delivering its duly executed
and completed ballot(s) or other documents indicating such election;

(d) 
provided that such documents are consistent with this Agreement, consummate the
transactions contemplated by the Plan, the Disclosure Statement and the Solicitation Materials;

10

=== page 44 ===
Case 25-10829-CTG    Doc 2    Filed 05/06/25    Page 44 of 101

(e) 
without incurring any out of pocket costs (other than those costs that are reimbursable by
the Company Parities hereunder) or providing anything in the nature of an indemnity, negotiate in good
faith to enter into any necessary forbearance, waiver or amendment agreement, and give any notice, order, 
instruction or direction to the applicable trustee and/or agent under the applicable Finance Documents, in 
each case as necessary to implement or give effect to the Restructuring Transactions; provided, that no 
Consenting Creditor shall be required hereunder to provide any agent or trustee or other Person under any
applicable Finance Documents with any additional indemnities or similar undertakings in connection with
taking any such action;

(f) 
without incurring any out of pocket costs (other than those costs that are reimbursable by
the Company Parties hereunder) or providing anything in the nature of an indemnity to the extent any legal 
or structural impediment arises that would prevent, hinder, or delay the consummation of the Restructuring 
Transactions contemplated herein, cooperate with the Company Parties in taking all steps reasonably 
necessary to address any such legal or structural impediment;

(g) 
notify counsel to the Company Parties in writing as promptly as reasonably practicable
(and in any event within three Business Days after obtaining actual knowledge thereof) of (A) any material, 
uncured breach by such Consenting Creditor in any respect of any of its obligations, representations, 
warranties or covenants set forth in this Agreement or (B) the occurrence of a Termination Event pursuant 
to Section 11; and

(h) 
negotiate in good faith, and use commercially reasonable efforts to execute and implement,
the Definitive Documents to which it will be a party in a manner consistent with this Agreement.

4.02. 
Negative Commitments. During the Agreement Effective Period, each Consenting 
Creditor, as applicable, on a several and not joint basis, agrees, in respect of all its Company
Claims/Interests, that it shall not directly or indirectly:

(a) 
object to, delay, impede, or take any other action to interfere with (A) acceptance,
implementation, or consummation of the Restructuring Transactions and (B) the Company Parties’ 
ownership and possession of their assets, wherever located, or interfere with the automatic stay arising 
under section 362 of the Bankruptcy Code;

(b) 
change, withdraw, amend, or revoke (or cause to be changed, withdrawn, amended, or
revoked) any vote or election referred to in Sections 4.01(b) and 4.01(c) above, provided that such votes or
elections shall be immediately revoked and deemed void ab initio upon the occurrence of a Termination 
Date described in Section 11.

(c) 
file any motion, pleading, or other document with the Bankruptcy Court or any other court
(including any modifications or amendments thereof) that is not consistent with this Agreement or the Plan;

(d) 
support any other party in any action to object to, delay, impede, or take any other action
to interfere with any motion or other pleading or document Filed by a Company Party in the Bankruptcy 
Court that is consistent with this Agreement;

(e) 
propose, File, support, or vote for any Alternative Restructuring;

(f) 
initiate, or have initiated on its behalf, any litigation or proceeding of any kind
contemplated herein against the Company Parties other than to enforce this Agreement or any Definitive
Document or as otherwise expressly permitted under this Agreement; or

11

=== page 45 ===
Case 25-10829-CTG    Doc 2    Filed 05/06/25    Page 45 of 101

(g) 
exercise, or direct any other Person to exercise, any right or remedy for the enforcement,
collection, or recovery of any of Company Claims/Interests.

Section 5. 
Additional 
Provisions 
Regarding 
the 
Consenting 
Creditors’ 
Commitments.
Notwithstanding anything contained in this Agreement, nothing in this Agreement shall: (a) affect the
ability of any Consenting Creditor, subject to the terms of any Confidentiality Agreement between such 
Consenting Creditor and the Company Parties, to consult with any other Consenting Creditor, the Company 
Parties, or any other party in interest in the Chapter 11 Cases (including any official committee and the 
United States Trustee) or any foreign proceeding related to the Restructuring Transactions; (b) impair or
waive the rights of any Consenting Creditor to assert or raise any objection permitted under this Agreement
in connection with the Restructuring Transactions; (c) prevent any Consenting Creditor from enforcing this 
Agreement or contesting whether any matter, fact, or thing is a breach of, or is inconsistent with, this 
Agreement; (d) limit the rights of a Consenting Creditor under the Chapter 11 Cases or any foreign 
proceeding, including appearing as a party in interest in any matter to be adjudicated in order to be heard 
concerning any matter arising in the Chapter 11 Cases or any foreign proceeding, in each case, so long as 
the exercise of any such right is not inconsistent with such Consenting Creditor’s obligations hereunder; (e) 
limit the ability of a Consenting Creditor to purchase, sell, or enter into any transactions regarding the 
Company Claims/Interests, subject to the terms hereof; (f) constitute a waiver or amendment of any term 
or provision of any Finance Document; (g) constitute a termination or release of any liens on, or security 
interests in, any of the assets or properties of the Company Parties that secure the obligations under any 
Finance Document; (h) except as and to the extent set forth herein, require any Consenting Creditor to incur, 
assume, become liable in respect of or suffer to exist any expenses, liabilities, or other obligations, or agree 
to or become bound by any commitments, undertakings, concessions, indemnities, or other arrangements 
that could result in expenses, liabilities, or other obligations to such Consenting Creditor; (i) prohibit any 
Consenting Creditor from taking any action that is not inconsistent with this Agreement or the Restructuring 
Transactions; (j) limit the ability of any Consenting Creditor to enforce the terms of the Existing
Intercreditor Agreement (including exercising any rights or remedies available to the Consenting
Creditors); or (k) require any Consenting Creditor to fund or commit to fund any additional amounts.

Section 6. 
Commitments of the Company Parties.

6.01. 
Affirmative Commitments.  Except as set forth in Section 7, during the Agreement 
Effective Period, the Company Parties agree to:

(a) 
support, act in good faith, and take all reasonable actions necessary, or reasonably
requested by the Required Consenting Creditors, to implement and consummate the Restructuring 
Transactions as contemplated by this Agreement and the Restructuring Term Sheet, including by (i) 
commencing solicitation of the Plan pursuant to the Disclosure Statement; and (ii) promptly commencing 
the Chapter 11 Cases and pursuing Confirmation in accordance with the applicable Milestones;

(b) 
to the extent any legal or structural impediment arises that would prevent, hinder, or delay
the consummation of the Restructuring Transactions contemplated herein, take all steps reasonably 
necessary to address any such impediment, including, timely filing a formal objection to any motion, 
application or other Proceeding filed with the Bankruptcy Court by any Person seeking the entry of an order 
(i) directing the appointment of an examiner with expanded powers or a trustee; (ii) converting any of the 
Chapter 11 Cases to a case under chapter 7 of the Bankruptcy Code; (iii) dismissing the Chapter 11 Cases; 
(iv) approving an Alternative Restructuring Proposal; (v) for relief that (x) is inconsistent with this 
Agreement, or (y) would frustrate the purposes of this Agreement, including by preventing the
consummation of the Restructuring Transactions; (vi) modifying or terminating any Debtor’s exclusive 
right to file and/or solicit acceptances of a plan of reorganization; or (vii) challenging (x) the amount, 
validity, allowance, character, enforceability, or priority of any Company Claims/Interests of any of the

12

=== page 46 ===
Case 25-10829-CTG    Doc 2    Filed 05/06/25    Page 46 of 101

Consenting Creditors, or (y) the validity, enforceability or perfection of any lien or other encumbrance 
securing (or purporting to secure) any Company Claims/Interests of any of the Consenting Creditors;

(c) 
use commercially reasonable efforts to obtain any and all Permits, Consents, and/or any
other third-party approvals that are necessary or advisable for the implementation or consummation of any
part of the Restructuring Transactions;

(d) 
negotiate in good faith and use commercially reasonable efforts to execute, deliver,
perform their obligations under, and consummate the transactions contemplated by, the Definitive
Documents and any other required agreements to effectuate and consummate the Restructuring 
Transactions as contemplated by this Agreement;

(e) 
use commercially reasonable efforts to, prior to the Petition Date, seek additional support
for the Restructuring Transactions from their other material stakeholders;

(f) 
promptly notify the Ad Hoc Group’s Advisors in writing (email being sufficient) (and in
any event within one (1) Business Day after a obtaining knowledge thereof) of (i) the initiation, institution, 
or commencement of any proceeding by a Governmental Entity (or communications indicating that the 
same may be contemplated or threatened) involving any of the Company Parties (including any assets, 
Permits, businesses, operations, or activities of any of the Company Parties) or any of their respective 
current or former officers, employees, managers, directors, members, or equity holders (in their capacities 
as such), (ii) the initiation, institution, or commencement by any Person of any proceeding involving any 
of the Company Parties (or communications indicating that the same may be contemplated or threatened) 
that could result in or is likely to have a material impact in any manner on any of the Company Parties’ 
businesses (including any assets, Permits, businesses, operations, or activities of any of the Company 
Parties) or any of their respective current or former officers, employees, managers, directors, members, or 
equity holders (in their capacities as such), (iii) the initiation, institution, or commencement of any 
proceeding by a Governmental Entity or other Person challenging the validity of the transactions 
contemplated by this Agreement or any other Definitive Document or seeking to enjoin, restrain, or prohibit 
this Agreement or any other Definitive Document or the consummation of the transactions contemplated 
hereby or thereby, (iv) any material breach by any of the Company Parties in any respect of any of their 
obligations, representations, warranties, or covenants set forth in this Agreement, (v) the happening or 
existence of any event that shall have made any of the conditions precedent to any Person’s obligations set 
forth in (or to be set forth in) any of the Definitive Documents, including the section of the Restructuring 
Term Sheet entitled “Conditions Precedent to the Effective Date”, and the Plan to the consummation of the 
Restructuring Transactions, incapable of being satisfied so as to permit consummation of the Restructuring 
Transactions prior to the Plan Outside Date (following the Petition Date), (vi) the occurrence of a 
Termination Event pursuant to Section 11, and/or (vii) the receipt of notice from any Governmental Entity
or other Person alleging that the consent of such Person is or may be required under any Organizational 
Document, material contract, Permit, law, or otherwise in connection with the consummation of any part 
of the Restructuring Transactions;

(g) 
maintain the good standing and legal existence of each Company Party under the laws of
the state or jurisdiction in which it is incorporated, organized, or formed, except to the extent that any failure
to maintain such Company Party’s good standing arises solely as a result of the filing of the Chapter 11 
Cases;

(h) 
(i) continue to be a reporting company under the Exchange Act, 15 U.S.C. §§ 78(a)–78(pp)
throughout the Chapter 11 Cases and use best efforts to comply with all public and periodic reporting
requirements under Section 13 and Section 15(d) of the Securities Act, and (ii)(x) use commercially 
reasonable efforts to have its Existing Common Stock remain listed on the Nasdaq Global Select Market

13

=== page 47 ===
Case 25-10829-CTG    Doc 2    Filed 05/06/25    Page 47 of 101

(“NASDAQ”) throughout the Chapter 11 Cases and (y) have the New Common Equity listed on NASDAQ, 
the New York Stock Exchange, or another nationally recognized exchange, either by retaining or 
succeeding the Company’s existing NASDAQ listing or otherwise, subject to meeting applicable listing 
requirements as soon as commercially reasonably practicable following the Plan Effective Date; provided 
that in the event that the Company is de-listed or suspended from NASDAQ during the pendency of the 
Chapter 11 Cases, the Debtors shall use commercially reasonable efforts to qualify the Existing Common 
Stock for trading (A) in the Pink Current Market (formerly known as the Pink Sheets) with the OTC Markets 
Group (the “OTC Markets”), until July 1, 2025, and (1) after the Pink Current Market ceases to exist on 
July 1, 2025, in the OTCID Basic Market with the OTC Markets, or (2) in the Pink Limited Market, if the 
Company does not meet the OTCID Rules requirements to be eligible for the OTCID Basic Market,  or 
otherwise qualify the Existing Common Stock as “regularly traded” as defined in Treas. Reg. Section 1.897- 
9T(d) as soon as practicable following the Petition Date;

(i) 
if any Company Party receives an Alternative Restructuring Proposal, (i) promptly notify
the Ad Hoc Group’s Advisors (no later than one (1) Business Day after the receipt of such Alternative
Restructuring Proposal), with such notification to include the material terms thereof (but not the identity of 
the Person(s) involved); and (ii) respond promptly to reasonable information requests and questions from 
the Ad Hoc Group’s Advisors with respect to the impact of such Alternative Restructuring Proposal on the 
Restructuring Transactions and any action taken or proposed to be taken by the Company Parties in response 
thereto, but not to include the identity of the Person(s) involved;

(j) 
(i) provide the Ad Hoc Group Advisors an opportunity to review draft copies of all material
motions or pleadings and First Day Pleadings, (ii) to the extent reasonably practicable, provide the Ad Hoc
Group Advisors an opportunity to review draft copies of other documents that the company intends to file
with the Bankruptcy Court; (iii) to the extent reasonably practicable, provide a reasonable opportunity to
counsel to any Consenting Creditors materially affected by such filing to review draft copies of other
documents that the Company Parties intend to file with the Bankruptcy Court, as applicable;

(k) 
(i) deliver drafts to the Ad Hoc Group Advisors of all Company Party press releases, public
filings, public announcements, or other communications with any news media, or material mass 
communications that constitute disclosure of the existence or terms of this Agreement or any amendment 
thereto, the Chapter 11 Cases, the Restructuring Transactions to the general public (each, a “Public
Disclosure”) as soon as reasonably practicable but no later than one (1) Business Day in advance of making 
any such Public Disclosure and (ii) consult the Ad Hoc Group Advisors in good faith on any input or 
comments from the Ad Hoc Group Advisors on each Public Disclosure, who shall be authorized to share 
such Public Disclosure with the steering committee of the Ad Hoc Group, and which Public Disclosure 
shall be reasonably acceptable to the Required Consenting Creditors;

(l) 
(i) conduct their businesses and operations in the ordinary course in a manner that is
consistent with past practices and in compliance with Law; and (ii) use reasonable efforts to preserve intact
their business organizations and relationships with third parties (including creditors, lessors, licensors, 
vendors, customers, suppliers, and distributors) and employees; and

(m) 
from the Agreement Effective Period through and including the Plan Effective Date,
promptly pay in full and in cash all Transaction Expenses when properly incurred and invoiced in 
accordance with the relevant engagement letters and/or fee arrangements, and continue to pay such amounts 
as they come due, and otherwise in accordance with the applicable engagement letters and/or fee 
arrangements of the Ad Hoc Group Advisors, (and not terminate such engagement letters and/or fee 
arrangements or seek to reject them in the Chapter 11 Cases); provided (i) that all accrued and unpaid 
Transaction Expenses as of the Plan Effective Date including any reasonable estimate of such Transaction 
Expenses shall be paid by the Company Parties on or before the Plan Effective Date; and (ii) in the event a

14

=== page 48 ===
Case 25-10829-CTG    Doc 2    Filed 05/06/25    Page 48 of 101

Termination Date (as defined herein) occurs with respect to the Company Parties, the Company Parties 
shall remain obligated to pay all Transaction Expenses of any non-breaching Party accrued and unpaid as 
of and up to such Termination Date.

6.02. 
Negative Commitments.  Except as set forth in Section 7, during the Agreement Effective
Period, each of the Company Parties shall not, without the prior written consent of the Required Consenting 
Creditors, directly or indirectly:

(a) 
object to, delay, impede, or take any other action to interfere with acceptance,
implementation, or consummation of the Restructuring Transactions;

(b) 
take any action that is inconsistent with, or is intended to frustrate or impede approval,
implementation, and consummation of the Restructuring Transactions described in, this Agreement, the 
Plan or any of the other Definitive Documents;

(c) 
(i) execute, deliver, and/or File with the Bankruptcy Court any agreement, instrument,
motion, pleading, order, form, or other document that is to be utilized to implement or effectuate, or that 
otherwise relates to, this Agreement, the Plan, and/or the Restructuring Transactions that, in whole or in 
part, is not consistent with this Agreement or otherwise in form and substance acceptable to the Company 
Parties and the Required Consenting Creditors pursuant to their consent rights set forth in Section 3.02, as 
applicable, or, if applicable, file any pleading with the Bankruptcy Court seeking authorization to 
accomplish or effect any of the foregoing; or (ii) waive, amend, or modify any of the Definitive Documents, 
or file with the Bankruptcy Court a pleading seeking to waive, amend, or modify any term or condition of 
any of the Definitive Documents, in either case, which waiver, amendment, modification, or filing contains 
any provision that is not consistent with this Agreement and the Restructuring Term Sheet, or otherwise 
acceptable to the Company Parties and the Required Consenting Creditors pursuant to their consent rights 
set forth in Section 3.02, as applicable;

(d) 
(i) file any motion in the Bankruptcy Court, seek discovery in connection with, prepare, or
commence any proceeding or other action that challenges (1) the amount, validity, allowance, character, 
enforceability, or priority of any Company Claims/Interests of any of the Consenting Creditors, or (2) the 
validity, enforceability, or perfection of any lien or other encumbrance securing any Company
Claims/Interests of any of the Consenting Creditors; (ii) otherwise seek to restrict any rights of any of the
Consenting Creditors; or (iii) support any Person in connection with any of the acts described in clause (i)
or clause (ii) of this Section 6.02(d);

(e) 
(i) redeem, make, or declare any dividends, distributions, or other payments on account of
WW’s shares, (ii) enter into (x) any new key employee incentive plan or key employee retention plan or 
any new or amended agreement regarding executive compensation (if applicable) or (y) any material 
executory contract or lease, in each case unless in the ordinary course of business and consistent with past 
practice (to the extent past practice exists), (iii) engage in any merger, consolidation, material disposition, 
material acquisition, investment, incurrence of indebtedness or other similar transaction, in each case 
outside of the ordinary course of business and other than the Restructuring Transactions or (iv) take any 
action or inaction that would cause a change to the tax residence, tax classification or tax status of any 
Company Party other than in connection with the Restructuring Transactions;

(f) 
except as contemplated by this Agreement, enter into any contract with respect to debtor-
in-possession financing, cash collateral usage, exit financing, and/or other financing arrangements without
the advance written consent of the Required Consenting Creditors;

15

=== page 49 ===
Case 25-10829-CTG    Doc 2    Filed 05/06/25    Page 49 of 101

(g) 
except to the extent permitted by Section 7.02, seek, solicit, support, encourage, propose,
assist, consent to, vote for, enter, or participate in any negotiations, discussions or any agreements with any
Person regarding, pursue, or consummate, any Alternative Restructuring Proposal;

(h) 
commence the solicitation with respect to the Plan unless the Disclosure Statement and the
Solicitation Materials shall be in form and substance consistent with this Agreement or otherwise 
satisfactory to the Company Parties and the Required Consenting Creditors;

(i) 
amend or change any of their respective existing organizational documents without the
prior written consent of the Required Consenting Creditors;

(j) 
sell any assets (including, without limitation, any intellectual property) in a transaction or
a series of transaction having a fair market value of $1,000,000.00 or greater without the prior written 
consent of the Required Consenting Creditors; or

(k) 
consummate the Restructuring Transactions unless each of the applicable conditions to the
consummation of such transactions set forth in this Agreement, the Restructuring Term Sheet, the Plan, and 
the other applicable Definitive Documents has been satisfied or waived by the applicable Persons in 
accordance with the terms of this Agreement and the applicable Definitive Documents.

Section 7. 
Additional Provisions Regarding Company Parties’ Commitments.

7.01. 
Notwithstanding anything to the contrary in this Agreement, nothing in this Agreement
shall require a Company Party or the board of directors, board of managers, or similar governing body of a
Company Party, after consulting with counsel, to take any action or to refrain from taking any action with
respect to the Restructuring Transactions to the extent taking or failing to take such action would be 
inconsistent with applicable Law or its fiduciary obligations under applicable Law, and any such action or 
inaction pursuant to this Section 7.01 shall not be deemed to constitute a breach of this Agreement; 
provided, that if (and on each occasion) a Company Party determines not to take any action or to refrain 
from taking any action with respect to the Restructuring Transactions in accordance with this Section 7.01, 
such Company Party shall provide written notice of such determination to the Ad Hoc Group’s Advisors 
within one (1) Business Day of such Company Party making such determination.

7.02. 
Notwithstanding anything to the contrary in this Agreement (but subject to Section 7.01),
each Company Party and its respective directors, officers, employees, investment bankers, attorneys,
accountants, consultants, and other advisors or representatives shall have the rights to: (a) provide access
to non-public information concerning any Company Party to any Entity that provides an unsolicited 
Alternative Restructuring Proposal and executes and delivers a Confidentiality Agreement acceptable to
the Company Parties(b) respond to, facilitate inquires with respect to, and maintain and continue 
discussions or negotiations with respect to an unsolicited Alternative Restructuring Proposal received by 
any of the Company Parties if the board of directors, board of managers, or similar governing body of such 
Company Party determines in good faith after discussions with outside counsel that failure to take such 
action would be inconsistent with the fiduciary duties, if any, of the members of such board or governing 
body under applicable Law; and (c) enter into or continue discussions or negotiations with holders of Claims 
against or Interests in a Company Party (including any Consenting Creditor), any other party in interest in 
the Chapter 11 Cases (including any official committee and the United States Trustee), or any other Entity 
regarding the Restructuring Transactions or unsolicited Alternative Restructuring Proposals.  At all times 
prior to the date on which the Company Parties enter into a definitive agreement with respect to an 
Alternative Restructuring, upon reasonable request, within a reasonable time thereafter, the Company 
Parties shall provide the Ad Hoc Group’s Advisors with relevant information regarding (A) any discussions 
and/or negotiations relating to any such Alternative Restructuring and/or (B) any amendments,

16

=== page 50 ===
Case 25-10829-CTG    Doc 2    Filed 05/06/25    Page 50 of 101

modifications, or other changes to, or any further developments of, any such Alternative Restructuring, in 
any such case as is necessary to keep such counsel substantially contemporaneously informed as to the 
status and substance of such discussions, negotiations, amendments, modifications, changes, and/or 
developments.

7.03. 
Nothing in this Agreement shall: (a) impair or waive the rights of any Company Party to
assert or raise any objection permitted under this Agreement in connection with the Restructuring
Transactions; or (b) prevent any Company Party from enforcing this Agreement or contesting whether any
matter, fact, or thing is a breach of, or is inconsistent with, this Agreement.

Section 8. 
Transfer of Interests and Securities.

8.01. 
During the Agreement Effective Period, except pursuant to the consummation of the 
Restructuring Transactions, no Consenting Creditor shall Transfer any ownership (including any beneficial
ownership as defined in Rule 13d-3 under the Exchange Act) in any Company Claims/Interests to any
affiliated party (solely to the extent that such Transfer would otherwise have the effect of such Claims/
Interests no longer being subject to this Agreement) or unaffiliated party, including any party in which it 
may hold a direct or indirect beneficial interest, unless:

(a) 
the authorized transferee is either (1) a “qualified institutional buyer” (as defined in Rule
144A of the Securities Act) or (2) a person other than a “U.S. person” (as defined in Rule 902(k) of 
Regulation S under the Securities Act) in an “offshore transaction” (as defined in Rule 902(h) of Regulation 
S under the Securities Act); and

(b) 
either (i) the transferee executes and delivers to counsel to the Company Parties and
counsel to the Ad Hoc Group as soon as reasonably practicable after such Transfer is effective, a Joinder
or (ii) the transferee is a Consenting Creditor and the transferee provides notice of such Transfer (including 
the amount and type of Company Claims/Interests Transferred) to counsel to the Company Parties and 
counsel to the Ad Hoc Group, reasonably promptly following such Transfer.

8.02. 
Upon compliance with the requirements of Section 8.01, the transferee shall be deemed a 
Consenting Creditor, as applicable, and the transferor shall be deemed to relinquish its rights (and be 
released from its obligations) under this Agreement to the extent of the rights and obligations in respect of 
such transferred Company Claims/Interests. Any Transfer in violation of Section 8.01 shall be void ab 
initio. Any Consenting Creditor that effectuates a permitted Transfer to a Permitted Transferee shall have 
no liability under this Agreement arising from or related to the failure of the Permitted Transferee to comply 
with the terms of this Agreement.

8.03. 
This Agreement shall in no way be construed to preclude the Consenting Creditors from 
acquiring additional Company Claims/Interests; provided, that (a) such additional Company Claims/
Interests shall automatically and immediately upon acquisition by a Consenting Creditor be deemed subject 
to the terms of this Agreement (regardless of when or whether notice of such acquisition is given to counsel 
to the Company Parties and counsel to the Ad Hoc Group); and (b) such Consenting Creditor must provide 
notice of such acquisition (including the amount and type of Company Claim/Interest acquired) to counsel 
to the Company Parties and counsel to the Ad Hoc Group within five (5) Business Days of such 
acquisition.

8.04. 
This Section 8.04 shall not impose any obligation on any Company Party to issue any 
“cleansing letter” or otherwise publicly disclose information for the purpose of enabling a Consenting 
Creditor to Transfer any of its Company Claims/Interests.  Notwithstanding anything to the contrary herein, 
to the extent a Company Party and another Party have entered into a Confidentiality Agreement, the terms

17

=== page 51 ===
Case 25-10829-CTG    Doc 2    Filed 05/06/25    Page 51 of 101

of such Confidentiality Agreement shall continue to apply and remain in full force and effect according to
its terms, and this Agreement does not supersede any rights or obligations otherwise arising under such
Confidentiality Agreements.

8.05. 
Notwithstanding Section 8.01, a Qualified Marketmaker that acquires any Company 
Claims/Interests with the purpose and intent of acting as a Qualified Marketmaker for such Company
Claims/Interests shall not be required to execute and deliver a Joinder in respect of such Company
Claims/Interests and shall not be subject to the requirements in the proviso of Section 8.03 hereof if (a) such
Qualified Marketmaker subsequently transfers such Company Claims/Interests (by purchase, sale 
assignment, participation, or otherwise) within fifteen (15) Business Days of its acquisition to a transferee 
that is an entity that is not an affiliate, affiliated fund, or affiliated entity with a common investment advisor; 
(b) the transferee otherwise is a Permitted Transferee; and (c) the Transfer otherwise is a permitted Transfer 
under Section 8.01.  To the extent that a Consenting Creditor is acting in its capacity as a Qualified 
Marketmaker, it may Transfer (by purchase, sale, assignment, participation, or otherwise) any right, title, 
or interests in Company Claims/Interests that such Consenting Creditor acting in its capacity as a Qualified 
Marketmaker acquires from a holder of the Company Claims/Interests who is not a Consenting Creditor 
(i) without the requirement that the transferee be a Permitted Transferee, and (ii) without such right, title, 
or interest in Company Claims/Interest being subject to Section 8.03 hereof. For the avoidance of doubt, if 
a Qualified Marketmaker acquires any Company Claims/Interests from a Consenting Creditor and is unable 
to transfer such Company Claims/Interests within the fifteen (15) Business Day-period referred to above, 
the Qualified Marketmaker shall comply with the requirements of Section 8.01(b) and be subject to Section 
8.02 and Section 8.03 hereof with respect to such Company Claims/Interests. Notwithstanding the 
immediately preceding sentence, a Qualified Marketmaker may Transfer any right, title, or interest in any 
Company Claims/Interests that it acquires from a Consenting Creditor to another Qualified Marketmaker 
(the “Transferee Qualified Marketmaker”) without the requirement that the Transferee Qualified 
Marketmaker execute and deliver to each of counsel to the Company Parties and counsel to the Ad Hoc 
Group, a Joinder in respect of such Company Claims/Interests or be a Permitted Transferee, if such 
Transferee Qualified Marketmaker transfers the right, title or interest in such Company Claims/Interests 
within fifteen (15) business days of its acquisition from the Qualified Marketmaker to a transferee that (A) 
is a Consenting Creditor or Permitted Transferee at the time of such Transfer or (B) becomes a Consenting 
Creditor or Permitted Transferee by the date of settlement of such Transfer.

8.06. 
Notwithstanding anything to the contrary in this Section 8, the restrictions on Transfer set
forth in this Section 8 shall not apply to (i) the transfer of any ownership (including any beneficial ownership 
as defined in Rule 13d-3 under the Exchange Act) in any Company Claims/Interest to any affiliate of such 
Consenting Creditor (solely to the extent that such Claims/Interests would remain subject to this
Agreement), and (ii) the grant of any liens or encumbrances on any Company Claims/Interests in favor of 
a bank or broker-dealer holding custody of such Company Claims/Interests in the ordinary course of 
business and which lien or encumbrance is released upon the Transfer of such claims and interests.

8.07. 
In connection with any Transfer permitted by this Section 8, each of the transferor and the 
transferee shall deliver to the Company Parties such information and documentation as reasonably 
requested by such Company Parties in order to substantiate compliance with any applicable law, including, 
without limitation, all applicable securities laws.

Section 9. 
Representations and Warranties of Consenting Creditors.  Each Consenting Creditor
severally, and not jointly, represents and warrants that the following statements are true and correct, as of
the date such Consenting Creditor executes and delivers this Agreement or a Joinder, as applicable:

(a) 
it (i) is the beneficial or record owner (which shall be deemed to include any unsettled
trades) of the face amount of the Company Claims/Interests or is the nominee, investment manager, or

18

=== page 52 ===
Case 25-10829-CTG    Doc 2    Filed 05/06/25    Page 52 of 101

advisor for beneficial holders of the Company Claims/Interests reflected on such Consenting Creditor’s 
signature page to this Agreement or a Joinder, as applicable (subject to any Transfer by such Consenting 
Creditor made after the Agreement Effective Date that is described in a notice delivered pursuant to Section 
8.01) and (ii) having made reasonable inquiry, is not the beneficial or record owner of any Company
Claims/Interests other than those reflected on such Consenting Creditor’s signature page to this Agreement 
or a Joinder, as applicable (subject to any Transfer to such Consenting Creditor made after the Agreement 
Effective Date that is described in a notice delivered pursuant to Section 8.01);

(b) 
it has the full power and authority to act on behalf of, vote, and consent to matters
concerning, such Company Claims/Interests (or, with respect to Company Claims/Interests subject to an
agreement to purchase which has not closed as of the date hereof, will have such power and authority upon 
closing);

(c) 
such Company Claims/Interests are free and clear of any pledge, lien, security interest,
charge, claim, equity, option, proxy, voting restriction, right of first refusal, or other limitation on 
disposition, transfer, or encumbrances of any kind, that would adversely affect in any way such Consenting 
Creditor’s ability to perform any of its obligations under this Agreement at the time such obligations are 
required to be performed;

(d) 
it has the full power to vote, approve changes to, and transfer all of its Claims and/or
Interests referable to it as contemplated by this Agreement subject to applicable Law (or, with respect to
Company Claims/Interests subject to an agreement to purchase which has not closed as of the date hereof,
will have such power upon closing); and

(e) 
it is either (A) a “qualified institutional buyer” (as defined in Rule 144A of the Securities
Act) or (B) a person other than a “U.S. person” (as defined in Rule 902(k) of Regulation S under the 
Securities Act).

Section 10. 
Mutual Representations, Warranties, and Covenants.  Each of the Parties, on a several
and not joint basis, represents, warrants, and covenants to each other Party, as of the date such Party 
executes and delivers this Agreement or a Joinder, as applicable:

(a) 
it is validly existing and in good standing under the Laws of the state or jurisdiction of its
organization, and this Agreement is a legal, valid, and binding obligation of such Party, enforceable against
it in accordance with its terms, except as enforcement may be limited by applicable Laws relating to or
limiting creditors’ rights generally or by equitable principles relating to enforceability;

(b) 
except as expressly provided in this Agreement, the Plan, and the Bankruptcy Code, no
consent or approval is required by any other Person for it to effectuate the Restructuring Transactions 
contemplated by, and perform its respective obligations under, this Agreement;

(c) 
the entry into and performance by it of the transactions contemplated by this Agreement
do not, and will not, conflict in any material respect with any Law or regulation applicable to it or with any 
of its Organizational Documents;

(d) 
except as expressly provided in this Agreement, it has (or will have, at the relevant time)
all requisite corporate or other power and authority to enter into, execute, and deliver this Agreement and
to effectuate the Restructuring Transactions contemplated by, and perform its respective obligations under,
this Agreement; and

19

=== page 53 ===
Case 25-10829-CTG    Doc 2    Filed 05/06/25    Page 53 of 101

(e) 
except as expressly provided by this Agreement, it is not party to any restructuring or
similar agreements or arrangements with the other Parties to this Agreement or any other Person that have
not been disclosed to all Parties to this Agreement.

Section 11. 
Termination Events.

11.01. Consenting Creditor Termination Events.  This Agreement may be terminated with respect
to all Parties by the Required Consenting Creditors upon the delivery to each other Party of a written notice 
in accordance with Section 13.10 upon the occurrence of the following events:

(a) 
the breach by a Company Party of any of the representations, warranties, covenants, or
other obligations or agreements of the Company Parties set forth in this Agreement that remains uncured 
(if susceptible to cure) for five (5) Business Days after the Required Consenting Creditors transmits a 
written notice to the Company Parties in accordance with Section 13.10 detailing any such breach;

(b) 
any of the Milestones is not achieved, except where such Milestone has been waived or
extended by each of the applicable Parties; provided, that the right to terminate this Agreement under this
Section 11.01(b) shall not be available to the Required Consenting Creditors if the failure of such Milestone 
to be achieved is caused by, or results from, the material breach by the Consenting Creditors of their 
covenants, agreements, or other obligations under this Agreement;

(c) 
the issuance by any Governmental Entity, including any regulatory authority or court of
competent jurisdiction, of any final, non-appealable ruling or order that (i) enjoins the consummation of a 
material portion of the Restructuring Transactions and (ii) remains in effect for fifteen (15) calendar days 
after such terminating Consenting Creditors transmit a written notice to the Company Parties in accordance 
with Section 13.10 hereof detailing any such issuance; provided, that this termination right may not be 
exercised by any Consenting Creditors that directly or indirectly sought or requested such ruling or order 
in contravention of any obligation set out in this Agreement;

(d) 
the happening or existence of any event that shall have made any of the conditions
precedent to the consummation of the Restructuring Transactions as set forth in this Agreement, the Plan,
or the section of the Restructuring Term Sheet entitled “Conditions Precedent to the Effective Date”, if 
applicable, incapable of being satisfied prior to the Plan Outside Date, except where such condition 
precedent has been waived by the applicable Parties; provided, that the right to terminate this Agreement 
under this Section 11.01(d) shall not be available to any Consenting Creditors if the happening or existence 
of such event is directly or indirectly caused by, or results from, the breach by such Consenting Creditors 
of its covenants, agreements, or other obligations under this Agreement;

(e) 
any Company Party, without the consent of the Required Consenting Creditors (such
consent not to be unreasonably withheld), (i) commences a voluntary case under the Bankruptcy Code other 
than the Chapter 11 Cases; (ii) consents to the appointment of, or taking possession by, a receiver, 
liquidator, assignee, custodian, trustee, or sequestrator (or similar official) of any Company Party or a 
material portion of the property or assets of any Company Party; (iii) seeks any arrangement, adjustment, 
protection, or relief of its debts other than the Chapter 11 Cases; or (iv) makes any general assignment for 
the benefit of its creditors;

(f) 
(i) the commencement of an involuntary case against any Company Party under the
Bankruptcy Code that is not dismissed or withdrawn within  (30) calendar days; or (ii) a court of competent
jurisdiction enters a ruling, judgment, or order that appoints, or that authorizes or permits the taking of 
possession by, a receiver, liquidator, assignee, custodian, trustee, or sequestrator (or similar official) of any

20

=== page 54 ===
Case 25-10829-CTG    Doc 2    Filed 05/06/25    Page 54 of 101

Company Party, any Interests held by any Company Party, or a majority of the property or assets of any 
Company Party;

(g) 
without the prior written consent of the Required Consenting Creditors, any Company
Party (i) publicly announces, or communicates in writing to any other Party, its intention not to support or
pursue the Restructuring Transactions; (ii) provides notice to the Ad Hoc Group’s Advisors that it is 
exercising its rights pursuant to Section 7.01 and such exercise would reasonably be expected to prevent 
the consummation of the Restructuring Transactions; or (iii) publicly announces, or communicates in
writing to any other Party, that it intends to enter into, or has entered into, definitive documentation with
respect to, an Alternative Restructuring Proposal;

(h) 
the Plan Effective Date has not occurred by the Plan Outside Date (as such date may have
been extended in accordance with the provisions of this Agreement); provided, however, that the right to
terminate this Agreement under this Section 11.01(h) shall not be available to any Consenting Creditor if
the failure of the Plan Effective Date to have occurred by the Plan Outside Date is directly or indirectly 
caused by, or results from, the breach by any Consenting Creditor of its covenants, agreements or other 
obligations under this Agreement;

(i) 
the Bankruptcy Court enters an order denying confirmation of the Plan and such order
remains in effect for ten (10) Business Days after entry of such order;

(j) 
the Bankruptcy Court grants relief that is inconsistent with this Agreement or the
Restructuring Term Sheet;

(k) 
if applicable, the entry of an order by the Bankruptcy Court, or the filing of a motion or
application by any Company Party seeking an order, (A) converting one or more of the Chapter 11 Cases
of a Company Party to a case under chapter 7 of the Bankruptcy Code, (B) appointing an examiner with 
expanded powers beyond those set forth in sections 1106(a)(3) and (4) of the Bankruptcy Code or a trustee 
in one or more of the Chapter 11 Cases of a Company Party, (C) dismissing any of the Chapter 11 Cases, 
(D) approving an Alternative Restructuring Proposal, or (E) rejecting this Agreement;

(l) 
the Bankruptcy Court enters an order terminating any Company Party’s exclusive right to
file and/or solicit acceptances of a plan of reorganization;

(m) 
without the prior written consent of the Required Consenting Creditors, any Debtor (A)
withdraws the Plan; (B) publicly announces, or communicates in writing to any other Party, its intention to
withdraw the Plan or not support the Plan; (C) moves to voluntarily dismiss any of the Chapter 11 Cases; 
or (D) moves for court authority to sell any material asset or assets without the written consent of the 
Required Consenting Creditors;

(n) 
any of the Company Parties (A) files any motion seeking to avoid, disallow, subordinate,
or recharacterize any Company Claims/Interests, lien, or interest held by any Consenting Creditor in any
capacity; or (B) shall have supported any application, adversary proceeding, or cause of action referred to 
in the immediately preceding subsection (A) filed by a third party, or consents to the standing of any such 
third party to bring such application, adversary proceeding, or cause of action;

(o) 
the Bankruptcy Court enters an order invalidating, disallowing, subordinating,
recharacterizing or limiting, as applicable, any of the First Lien Claims, or any of the encumbrances that
secure the First Lien Claims;

21

=== page 55 ===
Case 25-10829-CTG    Doc 2    Filed 05/06/25    Page 55 of 101

(p) 
except as set forth in the Restructuring Term Sheet, any Debtor obtains debtor-in-
possession financing, cash collateral usage, exit financing and/or other financing arrangement that is in an
amount, on terms and conditions, or otherwise in form and substance, that is/are not acceptable to the 
Required Consenting Creditors;

(q) 
any Company Party’s use of cash collateral or debtor in possession financing has been
validly terminated in accordance with the respective terms thereof; or

(r) 
after entry by the Bankruptcy Court of any Cash Collateral Order (including any adequate
protection order), Disclosure Statement Order, or Confirmation Order, as applicable, such order is reversed, 
stayed, dismissed, vacated, reconsidered, modified or amended, in each case, in a manner materially 
inconsistent with this Agreement and such reversal, stay, dismissal, vacatur, reconsideration, modification 
or amendment is not approved by the Required Consenting Creditors and stays in effect for a period of 
twenty (20) calendar days.

11.02. Company Party Termination Events as to all Parties.  Any Company Party may terminate
this Agreement as to all Parties upon prior written notice to all Parties in accordance with Section 13.10
upon the occurrence of any of the following events (unless waived in writing by the Company Parties):

(a) 
the breach in any material respect by the Consenting Creditors of any of the representations,
warranties, covenants or other obligations or agreements of the Consenting Creditors set forth in this 
Agreement, such that the non-breaching Consenting Creditors own or control less than 66.67% in aggregate 
principal amount of all outstanding First Lien Claims, and such breach remains uncured (if susceptible to 
cure) for five (5) Business Days after the Company Parties transmit a written notice to the breaching 
Consenting Creditors in accordance with Section 13.10 detailing any such breach;

(b) 
the board of directors, board of managers, or such similar governing body of any Company
Party determines in accordance with Section 7.01 and/or 7.02 hereof (i) that proceeding with any of the
Restructuring Transactions would be inconsistent with the exercise of its fiduciary duties or applicable Law,
or (ii) in the exercise of its fiduciary duties, to pursue an Alternative Restructuring Proposal; or

(c) 
the issuance by any Governmental Entity, including any regulatory authority or court of
competent jurisdiction, of any final, non-appealable ruling or order that (i) enjoins the consummation of a 
material portion of the Restructuring Transactions and (ii) remains in effect for fifteen (15) days after such 
terminating Company Party transmits a written notice in accordance with Section 13.10 detailing any such 
issuance; provided, that this termination right shall not apply to or be exercised by any Company Party that 
sought or requested such ruling or order in contravention of any obligation or restriction set out in this 
Agreement.

11.03. Company Party Termination Events as to Any Particular Consenting Creditors. Any 
Company Party may terminate this Agreement with respect to any particular Consenting Creditor upon the 
occurrence of a material breach by such Consenting Creditor of any of the representations, warranties or 
covenants with respect to such Consenting Creditor set forth in this Agreement that (if susceptible to cure) 
remains uncured for a period of five (5) Business Days after receipt of notice in accordance with 
Section 13.10.

11.04. Mutual Termination.  This Agreement, and the obligations of all Parties hereunder, may be 
terminated by mutual written agreement between the Company Parties and the Required Consenting 
Creditors.

22

=== page 56 ===
Case 25-10829-CTG    Doc 2    Filed 05/06/25    Page 56 of 101

11.05. Automatic Termination. This Agreement shall terminate with respect to all Parties 
automatically without any further required action or notice immediately after the occurrence of the 
Effective Date.

11.06. Effect of Termination.  Upon the occurrence of the Termination Date as to any Party, this 
Agreement shall be of no further force and effect with respect to such Party and such Party shall be released 
from its commitments, undertakings, and agreements under or related to this Agreement and shall have the 
rights and remedies that it would have had, had it not entered into this Agreement, and shall be entitled to 
take all actions, whether with respect to the Restructuring Transactions or otherwise, that it would have 
been entitled to take had it not entered into this Agreement, including with respect to any and all Claims or 
causes of action; provided, however, that in no event shall any such termination relieve any Party from 
(i) liability for its breach or non-performance of its obligations under this Agreement prior to the 
Termination Date or (ii) obligations under this Agreement which by their terms expressly survive
termination of this Agreement.  Upon the occurrence of the Termination Date (other than a termination 
pursuant to Section 11.03), and, if applicable, prior to the Confirmation Order being entered by the 
Bankruptcy Court, any and all consents or ballots tendered by the Parties before the Termination Date shall 
be deemed, for all purposes, to be null and void from the first instance and shall not be considered or 
otherwise used in any manner by the Parties in connection with the Restructuring Transactions, this 
Agreement or otherwise.  If this Agreement is terminated in accordance with this Section 11 (other than a 
termination pursuant to Section 11.03), each Consenting Creditor shall have an opportunity to change or 
withdraw (or cause to change or withdraw) its vote to accept the Plan (regardless of whether any deadline 
for votes or consents, or for withdrawal thereof, set forth in the Disclosure Statement has passed) and no 
Company Party shall oppose any attempt by such Consenting Creditor to change or withdraw (or cause to 
change or withdraw) such vote at such time; provided, that any such Consenting Creditor that intends to 
change or withdraw its vote has not breached and is not otherwise in violation of the terms of this 
Agreement.  Nothing in this Agreement shall be construed as prohibiting a Company Party or any of the
Consenting Creditors from contesting whether any such termination is in accordance with its terms or to
seek enforcement of any rights under this Agreement that arose or existed before a Termination Date. 
Except as expressly provided in this Agreement, nothing herein is intended to, or does, in any manner 
waive, limit, impair, or restrict (a) any right of any Company Party or the ability of any Company Party to 
protect and reserve its rights (including rights under this Agreement), remedies, and interests, including its 
claims against any Consenting Creditor, and (b) any right of any Consenting Creditor, or the ability of any 
Consenting Creditor, to protect and preserve its rights (including rights under this Agreement), remedies, 
and interests, including its claims against any Company Party or Consenting Creditor.  No purported 
termination of this Agreement shall be effective under this Section 11.06 or otherwise if the Party seeking 
to terminate this Agreement is in material breach of this Agreement, except a termination pursuant to 
Section 11.02(b).  Nothing in this Section 11.06 shall restrict any Company Party’s right to terminate this 
Agreement in accordance with Section 11.02(b).

Section 12. 
Amendments and Waivers.

12.01. Amendments and Waivers.

(a) 
This Agreement may not be modified, amended, or supplemented, and no condition or
requirement of this Agreement may be waived, in any manner except in accordance with this Section 12.

(b) 
This Agreement may be modified, amended, or supplemented, or a condition or
requirement of this Agreement may be waived, in a writing (email being sufficient) signed: (i) in the case
of a waiver, by the Party against whom the waiver is to be effective (it being understood that the Required 
Consenting Creditors may waive any conditions to the obligations of the Consenting Creditors under this 
Agreement), and (ii) in the case of a modification, amendment, or supplement, by the Company Parties and

23

=== page 57 ===
Case 25-10829-CTG    Doc 2    Filed 05/06/25    Page 57 of 101

the Required Consenting Creditors; provided, that any modification, amendment, or supplement to (1) this 
Section 12.01(b) shall require the consent of all Parties, (2) the definition of Required Consenting Creditor 
will require the consent of each affected Consenting Creditor, and (3) Section 5(k) shall require the consent 
of each Consenting Creditor; provided further that (x) any proposed modification, amendment, supplement
or waiver that has a material, adverse and disproportionate effect on the First Lien Claims held by a 
Consenting Creditor shall require the consent of each such affected Consenting Creditor and (y) to the
extent such an affected Consenting Creditor does not consent to the modification, amendment supplement
or waiver, then such Consenting Creditor shall have the ability to terminate this Agreement as to themselves 
only.

(c) 
In determining whether any consent or approval has been given by the applicable Required
Consenting Creditor, any Company Claims/Interests held by any then-existing Consenting Creditor that is
in material breach of its covenants, obligations, or representations under this Agreement shall be excluded
from such determination, and the Company Claims/Interests, as applicable, held by such Consenting 
Creditor shall be treated as if they were not outstanding.

(d) 
Any proposed modification, amendment, waiver or supplement that does not comply with
this Section 12 shall be ineffective and void ab initio.

(e) 
The waiver by any Party of a breach of any provision of this Agreement shall not operate
or be construed as a further or continuing waiver of such breach or as a waiver of any other or subsequent
breach.  No failure on the part of any Party to exercise, and no delay in exercising, any right, power, or
remedy under this Agreement shall operate as a waiver of any such right, power, or remedy or any provision 
of this Agreement, nor shall any single or partial exercise of such right, power, or remedy by such Party 
preclude any other or further exercise of such right, power, or remedy or the exercise of any other right,
power, or remedy.  All remedies under this Agreement are cumulative and are not exclusive of any other
remedies provided by Law.

Section 13. 
Miscellaneous

13.01. Acknowledgement.  Notwithstanding any other provision herein, this Agreement is not and
shall not be deemed to be an offer with respect to any securities or solicitation of votes for the acceptance 
of a chapter 11 plan for purposes of sections 1125 and 1126 of the Bankruptcy Code or otherwise.  Any 
such offer or solicitation will be made only in compliance with all applicable securities Laws, provisions 
of the Bankruptcy Code, and/or other applicable Law.

13.02. Exhibits Incorporated by Reference; Conflicts.  Each of the exhibits, annexes, signatures
pages, and schedules attached hereto is expressly incorporated herein and made a part of this Agreement, 
and all references to this Agreement shall include such exhibits, annexes, and schedules.  In the event of 
any inconsistency between this Agreement (without reference to the exhibits, annexes, and schedules 
hereto) and the exhibits, annexes, and schedules hereto, this Agreement (without reference to the exhibits, 
annexes, and schedules thereto) shall govern.

13.03. Further Assurances.  Subject to the other terms of this Agreement, the Parties agree to 
execute and deliver such other instruments and perform such acts, in addition to the matters herein specified, 
as may be reasonably appropriate or necessary, or as may be required by order of the Bankruptcy Court, 
from time to time, to effectuate the Restructuring Transactions, as applicable.

13.04. Complete Agreement.  Except as otherwise explicitly provided herein, this Agreement 
constitutes the entire agreement among the Parties with respect to the subject matter hereof and supersedes

24

=== page 58 ===
Case 25-10829-CTG    Doc 2    Filed 05/06/25    Page 58 of 101

all prior agreements, oral or written, among the Parties with respect thereto, other than any Confidentiality 
Agreement.

13.05. GOVERNING 
LAW; 
SUBMISSION 
TO 
JURISDICTION; 
SELECTION 
OF 
FORUM.  THIS AGREEMENT IS TO BE GOVERNED BY AND CONSTRUED IN ACCORDANCE 
WITH THE LAWS OF THE STATE OF NEW YORK APPLICABLE TO CONTRACTS MADE AND 
TO BE PERFORMED IN SUCH STATE, WITHOUT GIVING EFFECT TO THE CONFLICT OF LAWS 
PRINCIPLES THEREOF.  Each Party to this Agreement agrees that it shall bring any action or proceeding 
in respect of any claim arising out of or related to this Agreement, to the extent possible, in the U.S. District 
Court for the Southern District of New York located in the borough of Manhattan, New York or the state 
courts located in the borough of Manhattan, New York, and each Party (i) irrevocably submits to the 
exclusive jurisdiction of such courts; (ii) waives any objection to laying venue in any such action or 
proceeding in such courts; and (iii) waives any objection that such courts are an inconvenient forum or do 
not have jurisdiction over any Party hereto.  Notwithstanding the foregoing consent to jurisdiction in either 
a state or federal court of competent jurisdiction in the borough of Manhattan, New York, upon the 
commencement of the Chapter 11 Cases, each of the Parties hereby agrees that, if the Chapter 11 Cases are 
pending, the Bankruptcy Court shall have exclusive jurisdiction over all matters arising out of or in 
connection with this Agreement, and each Party hereto agrees that it shall bring any action or proceeding 
in respect of any claim arising out of or related to this Agreement, to the extent possible, in the Bankruptcy 
Court, and solely in connection with claims arising under this Agreement:  (a) irrevocably submits to the 
exclusive jurisdiction of the Bankruptcy Court; (b) waives any objection to laying venue in any such action 
or proceeding in the Bankruptcy Court; and (c) waives any objection that the Bankruptcy Court is an 
inconvenient forum or does not have jurisdiction over any Party hereto.

13.06. TRIAL BY JURY WAIVER.  EACH PARTY HERETO IRREVOCABLY WAIVES
ANY AND ALL RIGHT TO TRIAL BY JURY IN ANY LEGAL PROCEEDING ARISING OUT OF OR
RELATING TO THIS AGREEMENT OR THE TRANSACTIONS CONTEMPLATED HEREBY.

13.07. Execution of Agreement.  This Agreement may be executed and delivered in any number
of counterparts and by way of electronic signature and delivery, each such counterpart, when executed and 
delivered, shall be deemed an original, and all of which together shall constitute the same 
agreement.  Except as expressly provided in this Agreement, each individual executing this Agreement on 
behalf of a Party has been duly authorized and empowered to execute and deliver this Agreement on behalf 
of said Party.

13.08. Rules of Construction.  This Agreement is the product of negotiations among the Company
Parties and the Consenting Creditors, and in the enforcement or interpretation hereof, is to be interpreted in
a neutral manner, and any presumption with regard to interpretation for or against any Party by reason of
that Party having drafted or caused to be drafted this Agreement, or any portion hereof, shall not be effective 
in regard to the interpretation hereof.  The Company Parties and the Consenting Creditors were each 
represented by counsel during the negotiations and drafting of this Agreement and continue to be 
represented by counsel.

13.09. Successors and Assigns; Third Parties.  This Agreement is intended to bind and inure to
the benefit of the Parties and their respective successors and permitted assigns, as applicable.  There are no 
third party beneficiaries under this Agreement, except that each No Recourse Party (as defined in 
Section 13.24) shall be a third party beneficiary of Section 13.24, and the rights or obligations of any Party 
under this Agreement may not be assigned, delegated, or transferred to any other Person.

13.10. Notices.  All notices hereunder shall be deemed given if in writing and delivered, by 
electronic mail (including electronic mail between counsel to the applicable parties), courier, or registered

25

=== page 59 ===
Case 25-10829-CTG    Doc 2    Filed 05/06/25    Page 59 of 101

or certified mail (return receipt requested), to the following addresses (or at such other addresses as shall 
be specified by like notice):

(a) 
if to a Company Party, to:

WW International, Inc.
675 Avenue of the Americas, 6th Floor
New York, NY 10010
Attention: Ms. Jacqueline Cooke, Chief Legal and Administrative Officer & Secretary
E-mail address: jacquie.cooke@ww.com

with copies to:

Simpson Thacher & Bartlett LLP
425 Lexington Avenue
New York, NY 10017
Attention: Elisha Graff; Kenneth Wallach; Marisa Stavenas; Moshe A. Fink, and Zachary
Weiner
E-mail address: egraff@stblaw.com; kwallach@stblaw.com; mstavenas@stblaw.com;

moshe.fink@stblaw.com; and zachary.weiner@stblaw.com

(b) 
if to a member of the Ad Hoc Group, to the address or e-mail address set forth on such
member’s signature page to this Agreement (or on the signature page to a Joinder in the case of any member
of the Ad Hoc Group that becomes a party hereto after the Agreement Effective Date), with copies to:

Gibson, Dunn & Crutcher LLP
200 Park Avenue
New York, NY 10166-0193
Attention:  Scott J. Greenberg; Matthew Williams; Jason Goldstein; Tommy Scheffer
E-mail address:  sgreenberg@gibsondunn.com; mjwilliams@gibsondunn.com; 
jgoldstein@gibsondunn.com; tscheffer@gibsondunn.com

Any notice given by delivery, mail, or courier shall be effective when received, and any notice 
delivered or given by electronic mail shall be effective when sent.

13.11. Independent Due Diligence and Decision Making.  Each Consenting Creditor hereby 
confirms that its decision to execute this Agreement has been based upon its independent investigation of 
the operations, businesses, and financial and other conditions, and prospects of the Company Parties.

13.12. Enforceability of Agreement.  Each of the Parties to the extent enforceable waives any right
to assert that the exercise of termination rights under this Agreement is subject to the automatic stay
provisions of the Bankruptcy Code, and expressly stipulates and consents hereunder to the prospective 
modification of the automatic stay provisions of the Bankruptcy Code for purposes of exercising 
termination rights under this Agreement, to the extent the Bankruptcy Court determines that such relief is 
required.

13.13. Waiver.  If the Restructuring Transactions are not consummated, or if this Agreement is 
terminated for any reason, the Parties fully reserve any and all of their rights.  Pursuant to Federal Rule of 
Evidence 408 and any other applicable rules of evidence, this Agreement and all negotiations relating hereto 
shall not be admissible into evidence in any proceeding other than a proceeding to enforce its terms or the 
payment of damages to which a Party may be entitled under this Agreement.

26

=== page 60 ===
Case 25-10829-CTG    Doc 2    Filed 05/06/25    Page 60 of 101

13.14. Specific Performance.  It is understood and agreed by the Parties that money damages
would be an insufficient remedy for any breach of this Agreement by any Party, and each non-breaching
Party shall be entitled to specific performance and injunctive or other equitable relief (without the posting 
of any bond and without proof of actual damages) as a remedy of any such breach, including an order of 
the Bankruptcy Court or other court of competent jurisdiction requiring any Party to comply promptly with 
any of its obligations hereunder.

13.15. Several, Not Joint, Claims.  Except where otherwise specified, the agreements, 
representations, warranties, and obligations of the Parties under this Agreement are, in all respects, several 
and not joint.

13.16. Severability and Construction.  If any provision of this Agreement shall be held by a court
of competent jurisdiction to be illegal, invalid, or unenforceable, the remaining provisions shall remain in
full force and effect if essential terms and conditions of this Agreement for each Party remain valid, binding,
and enforceable.

13.17. Remedies Cumulative.  All rights, powers, and remedies provided under this Agreement
or otherwise available in respect hereof at Law or in equity shall be cumulative and not alternative, and the 
exercise of any right, power, or remedy thereof by any Party shall not preclude the simultaneous or later 
exercise of any other such right, power, or remedy by such Party.

13.18. Capacities of Consenting Creditors.  Each Consenting Creditor has entered into this 
Agreement on account of all Company Claims/Interests that it holds (directly or indirectly through its 
controlled affiliates, funds, sub-funds, and/or discretionary accounts that it manages or advises) and, except 
where otherwise specified in this Agreement, shall take or refrain from taking all actions that it is obligated 
to take or refrain from taking under this Agreement with respect to all such Company Claims/Interests.

13.19. Email Consents.  Where a written consent, acceptance, approval, notice, or waiver is 
required pursuant to or contemplated by this Agreement, pursuant to Section 3.02, Section 6.02, Section 
12, or otherwise, including a written approval by the Company Parties or the Required Consenting 
Creditors, such written consent, acceptance, approval, or waiver shall be deemed to have occurred if, by
agreement between counsel to the applicable Parties submitting and receiving such consent, acceptance, 
approval, or waiver, it is conveyed in writing (including electronic mail) between each such counsel without 
representations or warranties of any kind on behalf of such counsel.

13.20. Transaction Expenses.

(a) 
Whether or not the transactions contemplated by this Agreement are consummated and, in
each case, if applicable, subject to the terms of the applicable engagement letter or fee reimbursement letter 
or applicable terms of the First Lien Credit Agreement, the Company Parties hereby agree, on a joint and 
several basis, to pay in cash the Transaction Expenses as follows: (i) all accrued and unpaid Transaction 
Expenses incurred up to (and including) the Agreement Effective Date for which an invoice has been 
received by the Company Parties two (2) calendar days before the Agreement Effective Date shall be paid 
in full in cash within two (2) Business Days upon the occurrence of the Agreement Effective Date; (ii) after 
the Agreement Effective Date (to the extent permitted by order of the Bankruptcy Court) all accrued and 
unpaid Transaction Expenses shall be paid in full in cash by the Company Parties on a regular and 
continuing basis promptly (but in any event within five (5) Business Days) following receipt of summary 
invoices; (iii) upon termination of this Agreement, all accrued and unpaid Transaction Expenses incurred 
up to (and including) the Termination Date shall be paid in full in cash promptly (but in any event within 
five (5) Business Days) following receipt of summary invoices; and (iv) on the Effective Date, all accrued 
and unpaid Transaction Expenses incurred up to (and including) the Effective Date, shall be paid in full in

27

=== page 61 ===
Case 25-10829-CTG    Doc 2    Filed 05/06/25    Page 61 of 101

cash on the Effective Date, provided the Company Parties receive summary invoices by two (2) Business 
Days prior to such date, in each case and to the extent applicable, without any requirement for Bankruptcy 
Court review or further Bankruptcy Court order.  To the extent applicable, the Plan and any Cash Collateral 
Order shall contain appropriate provisions to give effect to the obligations under this Section 13.20.  For 
the avoidance of doubt, with respect to invoices for Transaction Expenses submitted to the Company Parties 
by counsel to the Ad Hoc Group, such invoices pursuant to this Section 13.20(a) shall be in summary 
format.

(b) 
The terms set forth in this Section 13.20 shall survive termination of this Agreement and
shall remain in full force and effect regardless of whether the transactions contemplated by this Agreement
are consummated.  The Company Parties hereby acknowledge and agree that the Consenting Creditors have 
expended, and will continue to expend, considerable time, effort, and expense in connection with this 
Agreement and the negotiation of the Restructuring Transactions, and that this Agreement provides 
substantial value to, is beneficial to the Company Parties, and that the Consenting Creditors have made a 
substantial contribution to the Company Parties and the Restructuring Transactions.

13.21. Relationship Among Parties.  It is understood and agreed that no Consenting Creditor owes
any duty of trust or confidence of any kind or form to any other Party as a result of entering into this
Agreement, and there are no commitments among or between the Consenting Creditors, in each case except 
as expressly set forth in this Agreement.  In this regard, it is understood and agreed that any Consenting 
Creditor may trade in Company Claims/Interests without the consent of any other Party, subject to 
applicable securities laws and the terms of this Agreement, including Section 8; provided, however, that no 
Consenting Creditor shall have any responsibility for any such trading to any other Person by virtue of this 
Agreement.  No prior history, pattern, or practice of sharing confidences among or between the Parties shall 
in any way affect or negate this understanding and agreement.  No Consenting Creditor shall, nor shall any 
action taken by a Consenting Creditor pursuant to this Agreement, be deemed to be acting in concert or as 
any group with any other Consenting Creditor with respect to the obligations under this Agreement nor 
shall this Agreement create a presumption that the Consenting Creditors are in any way acting in concert 
or as a group.  The decision to commit to enter into the transactions contemplated by this Agreement has 
been made independently by each Party hereto.  The Parties acknowledge that all representations, 
warranties, covenants, and other agreements made by or on behalf of any Consenting Noteholder that is a 
separately managed account of an investment manager signatory hereto (the “Manager”) are being made 
only with respect to the assets managed by such Manager on behalf of such Consenting Noteholder, and 
shall not apply to (or be deemed to be made in relation to) any assets or interests that may be beneficially 
owned by such Consenting Noteholder that are not held through accounts managed by such Manager.

13.22. Survival.  Notwithstanding (i) any Transfer of any Company Claims/Interests in 
accordance with this Agreement or (ii) the termination of this Agreement in accordance with its terms, the 
terms, provisions, agreements, and obligations of the Parties in Section 13 (other than Section 13.03), and 
any defined terms used in any of the foregoing Sections (solely to the extent used therein), shall survive 
such termination and shall continue in full force and effect in accordance with the terms hereof. 
Notwithstanding the termination of this Agreement in accordance with Section 11.06, the Company Parties 
will comply with their obligations (or the obligations of their successors in interest) to pay the Transaction 
Expenses set forth in Section 13.20.

13.23. Publicity.  Except as required by Law, no Party or its advisors shall (a) other than as 
necessary during live court proceedings and in filings in connection with the Chapter 11 Cases, use the 
name of any Consenting Creditor in any public manner (including in any press release) with respect to this 
Agreement, the Restructuring Transactions, or any of the Definitive Documents, or (b) disclose to any 
Person, other than advisors to the Company Parties, the principal amount or percentage of any Company
Claims/Interests held by any Consenting Creditor without such Consenting Creditor’s prior written consent

28

=== page 62 ===
Case 25-10829-CTG    Doc 2    Filed 05/06/25    Page 62 of 101

(it being understood and agreed that each Consenting Creditor’s signature page to this Agreement shall be 
redacted to remove the name of such Consenting Creditor and the amount and/or percentage of Company
Claims/Interests held by such Consenting Creditor); provided, however, that (i) if such disclosure is
required by Law, the disclosing Party shall afford the relevant Consenting Creditor a reasonable opportunity
to review and comment in advance of such disclosure and shall take all reasonable measures to limit such 
disclosure and (ii) the foregoing shall not prohibit the disclosure of the aggregate percentage or aggregate 
principal amount of Company Claims/Interests held by the Consenting Creditors of the same class, 
collectively (and the Consenting Creditors and their advisors shall provide such aggregate number to the 
Company Parties and their advisors promptly upon reasonable request and upon the Agreement Effective 
Date). Notwithstanding the provisions in this Section 13.23, (x) any Party may disclose the identities of the 
other Parties in any action to enforce this Agreement or in any action for damages as a result of any breaches 
hereof, (y) any Party may disclose, to the extent expressly consented to in writing by a Consenting Creditor 
such Consenting Creditor’s identity and individual holdings, and (z) to the extent the Company Parties, 
acting reasonably and in good faith, determine that disclosure of the Consenting Creditors’ names is 
necessary to preserve relationships with customers, suppliers, employees, and licensing or regulatory 
bodies, the Company Parties may disclose the name of any Consenting Creditor that was previously 
disclosed in any of the Company Parties’ press releases, other public statements, or other public disclosures 
or contained in the Company Parties communications materials as provided to and approved by counsel to 
the Ad Hoc Group.

13.24. No Recourse.  This Agreement may only be enforced against the named parties hereto (and
then only to the extent of the specific obligations undertaken by such parties in this Agreement).  All claims
or causes of action (whether in contract, tort, equity, or any other theory) that may be based upon, arise out
of, or relate to this Agreement, or the negotiation, execution, or performance of this Agreement, may be
made only against the Persons that are expressly identified as parties hereto (and then only to the extent of
the specific obligations undertaken by such parties herein).  No past, present, or future direct or indirect 
director, manager, officer, employee, incorporator, member, partner, stockholder, equity holder, trustee, 
affiliate, controlling person, agent, attorney, or other representative of any party hereto (including any 
person negotiating or executing this Agreement on behalf of a party hereto), nor any past, present or future 
direct or indirect director, manager, officer, employee, incorporator, member, partner, stockholder, equity 
holder, trustee, affiliate, controlling person, agent, attorney, or other representative of any of the foregoing 
(other than any of the foregoing that is a Party hereto) (any such Person, a “No Recourse Party”), shall 
have any liability with respect to this Agreement or with respect to any proceeding (whether in contract, 
tort, equity, or any other theory that seeks to “pierce the corporate veil” or impose liability of an entity 
against its owners or affiliates or otherwise) that may arise out of or relate to this Agreement, or the 
negotiation, execution, or performance of this Agreement.

13.25. Computation of Time. Bankruptcy Rule 9006(a) applies in computing any period 
prescribed or allowed herein.

IN WITNESS WHEREOF, the Parties hereto have executed this Agreement on the day and year 
first above written.

[Signature Pages Follow]

29

=== page 63 ===
Case 25-10829-CTG    Doc 2    Filed 05/06/25    Page 63 of 101

Company Parties’ Signature Page to  
the Restructuring Support Agreement

WW International, Inc.

By:  
____________________ 
 
Name:  Felicia DellaFortuna 
Title: 
Chief Financial Officer 
 
 
WW North America Holdings, LLC 
WW Canada Holdco, Inc. 
WW.com, LLC 
W Holdco, Inc. 
WW Health Solutions, Inc. 
Weekend Health, Inc. 
WW NewCo, Inc.

By:  
____________________ 
 
Name:  Felicia DellaFortuna 
Title: 
Authorized Signatory

5/5/25 8:09 AM

=== page 64 ===
Case 25-10829-CTG    Doc 2    Filed 05/06/25    Page 64 of 101

[Consenting Creditor Signature Pages on File with the Company Parties]

EU-DOCS\34128953.13

=== page 65 ===
Case 25-10829-CTG    Doc 2    Filed 05/06/25    Page 65 of 101

EXHIBIT A

Company Parties

WW International, Inc.

WW North America Holdings, LLC

WW Canada Holdco, Inc.

WW.com, LLC

W Holdco, Inc.

WW Health Solutions, Inc.

Weekend Health, Inc.

WW NewCo, Inc.

=== page 66 ===
Case 25-10829-CTG    Doc 2    Filed 05/06/25    Page 66 of 101

EXHIBIT B

Restructuring Term Sheet

=== page 67 ===
Case 25-10829-CTG    Doc 2    Filed 05/06/25    Page 67 of 101

WW INTERNATIONAL, INC.

RESTRUCTURING TERM SHEET1

May 6, 2025

THIS RESTRUCTURING TERM SHEET (TOGETHER WITH ALL ANNEXES, SCHEDULES, AND 
EXHIBITS HERETO, THIS “RESTRUCTURING TERM SHEET”) DESCRIBES THE PRINCIPAL 
TERMS 
AND 
CONDITIONS 
OF 
A 
RESTRUCTURING 
TRANSACTION 
FOR 
WW 
INTERNATIONAL, INC. (“WW”) AND CERTAIN OF ITS AFFILIATES SUBJECT TO THE TERMS 
AND CONDITIONS SET FORTH IN THE RESTRUCTURING SUPPORT AGREEMENT (TOGETHER 
WITH THE EXHIBITS AND SCHEDULES ATTACHED TO SUCH AGREEMENT, INCLUDING THIS 
RESTRUCTURING TERM SHEET, EACH AS MAY BE AMENDED, RESTATED, SUPPLEMENTED, 
OR OTHERWISE MODIFIED FROM TIME TO TIME IN ACCORDANCE WITH THE TERMS 
THEREOF, THE “RESTRUCTURING SUPPORT AGREEMENT”).

THIS RESTRUCTURING TERM SHEET IS NOT (NOR SHALL IT BE CONSTRUED AS) AN OFFER, 
ACCEPTANCE OR SOLICITATION WITH RESPECT TO ANY SECURITIES, LOANS OR OTHER 
INSTRUMENTS OR A SOLICITATION OF ACCEPTANCES OR REJECTIONS OF A CHAPTER 11 
PLAN WITHIN THE MEANING OF SECTION 1125 OF THE BANKRUPTCY CODE, OR ANY 
OTHER PLAN OF REORGANIZATION OR SIMILAR PROCESS UNDER ANY OTHER 
APPLICABLE LAW.  ANY SUCH OFFER, ACCEPTANCE OR SOLICITATION WILL COMPLY 
WITH ALL APPLICABLE LAWS, INCLUDING APPLICABLE SECURITIES LAWS AND/OR 
PROVISIONS OF THE BANKRUPTCY CODE TO THE EXTENT APPLICABLE.

THIS RESTRUCTURING TERM SHEET DOES NOT PURPORT TO SUMMARIZE ALL OF THE 
TERMS, CONDITIONS, AND OTHER PROVISIONS WITH RESPECT TO THE TRANSACTIONS 
DESCRIBED HEREIN, WHICH TRANSACTIONS WILL BE SUBJECT TO THE COMPLETION OF 
DEFINITIVE DOCUMENTS CONSISTENT WITH THE TERMS SET FORTH HEREIN AND THE 
RESTRUCTURING SUPPORT AGREEMENT, AND THE CLOSING OF ANY TRANSACTION 
SHALL BE SUBJECT TO THE TERMS AND CONDITIONS SET FORTH IN SUCH DEFINITIVE 
DOCUMENTS. THIS RESTRUCTURING TERM SHEET HAS BEEN PRODUCED FOR 
SETTLEMENT PURPOSES ONLY AND IS SUBJECT TO RULE 408 OF THE FEDERAL RULES OF 
EVIDENCE AND OTHER SIMILAR APPLICABLE STATE AND FEDERAL STATUTES, RULES 
AND LAWS. NOTHING IN THIS RESTRUCTURING TERM SHEET SHALL CONSTITUTE OR BE 
DEEMED OR CONSTRUED AS AN ADMISSION OF FACT OR LIABILITY OF ANY KIND, A 
STIPULATION OR A WAIVER, AND EACH STATEMENT CONTAINED HEREIN IS MADE 
WITHOUT PREJUDICE AND WITH FULL RESERVATION OF ALL RIGHTS, REMEDIES, CLAIMS, 
AND DEFENSES OF EACH PARTY HERETO.

UNTIL PUBLICLY DISCLOSED UPON THE PRIOR WRITTEN AGREEMENT OF THE COMPANY 
PARTIES AND THE REQUIRED CONSENTING CREDITORS, THIS RESTRUCTURING TERM 
SHEET SHALL REMAIN STRICTLY CONFIDENTIAL AND MAY NOT BE SHARED WITH ANY 
OTHER PARTY OR PERSON WITHOUT THE CONSENT OF THE COMPANY PARTIES AND THE 
REQUIRED CONSENTING CREDITORS; PROVIDED THAT, FOR THE AVOIDANCE OF DOUBT

1  
Capitalized terms used but not defined in this Restructuring Term Sheet have the meanings given to such terms
in Exhibit 1 hereto or the Restructuring Support Agreement, as applicable.

=== page 68 ===
Case 25-10829-CTG    Doc 2    Filed 05/06/25    Page 68 of 101

THIS RESTRUCTURING TERM SHEET MAY BE SHARED WITH MEMBERS OF THE AD HOC 
GROUP AND OTHER HOLDERS OF FIRST LIEN CLAIMS WHO ARE NOT YET CONSENTING 
CREDITORS BUT ARE CONTEMPLATING BECOMING PARTY TO THE RESTRUCTURING 
SUPPORT AGREEMENT AND WHO HAVE SIGNED A CONFIDENTIALITY AGREEMENT WITH 
THE COMPANY PARTIES.

THE REGULATORY, TAX, ACCOUNTING, AND OTHER LEGAL AND FINANCIAL MATTERS 
AND EFFECTS RELATED TO THE TRANSACTIONS OR ANY RELATED RESTRUCTURING OR 
SIMILAR TRANSACTION HAVE NOT BEEN FULLY EVALUATED AND ANY SUCH 
EVALUATION MAY AFFECT THE TERMS AND STRUCTURE OF ANY TRANSACTIONS OR
RELATED TRANSACTIONS.

- 2 -

=== page 69 ===
Case 25-10829-CTG    Doc 2    Filed 05/06/25    Page 69 of 101

GENERAL PROVISIONS

Company Parties
A list of the Company Parties is attached to the Restructuring Support 
Agreement as Exhibit A.

Debtors
The Company Parties that commence Chapter 11 Cases, which shall include 
some or all of the parties set forth in Exhibit A to the Restructuring Support 
Agreement.  The Company Parties, with the consent of the Required 
Consenting Creditors, will make a final determination regarding which 
Company Parties shall be Debtors in advance of commencement of solicitation 
of votes on the Plan.

Implementation
The Restructuring Transactions shall be implemented in accordance with a 
“straddle” prepackaged plan of reorganization (the “Plan”), which shall be 
consistent with the terms of this Restructuring Term Sheet and the 
Restructuring Support Agreement, and subject to the consent rights set forth in 
Section 3.02 of the Restructuring Support Agreement.

On the effective date of the Plan (the “Plan Effective Date”), each holder of 
an Allowed Claim or Allowed Interest, as applicable, shall receive under the 
Plan the treatment described in this Restructuring Term Sheet in full and final 
satisfaction, settlement, release, and discharge of and in exchange for such 
holder’s Allowed Claim or Allowed Interest.  The Plan will constitute a 
separate chapter 11 plan of reorganization for each Debtor.

Use of Cash 
Collateral

Subject to the Existing Intercreditor Agreement, the Consenting Creditors, 
shall consent (and the Consenting First Lien Credit Agreement Lenders shall 
instruct the First Lien Credit Agreement Agent to consent) to the use of Cash 
Collateral on terms and conditions acceptable to the Required Consenting 
Creditors.

The terms of the use of Cash Collateral shall be governed by the interim and
final orders entered by the Bankruptcy Court, in each case in form and 
substance acceptable to the Company Parties and the Required Consenting 
Creditors (the “Cash Collateral Orders”).

First Lien Claims:

Current Capital 
Structure

Revolving Credit Facility: consisting of the $175,000,000 revolving credit 
facility under the First Lien Credit Agreement with WW as borrower and 
guaranteed by certain subsidiaries of WW, which is comprised of $171.3 
million of revolving loans and $3.7 million of undrawn letters of credit (plus 
accrued and unpaid interest, premiums, fees, costs, and other amounts that may 
be due and payable in respect of the Revolving Credit Facility under the First 
Lien Credit Agreement) (the “Revolving Credit Facility”).

Term Loan Credit Facility: consisting of the $945,000,000 term loan credit 
facility under the First Lien Credit Agreement with WW as borrower and 
guaranteed by certain subsidiaries of WW (plus accrued and unpaid interest, 
premiums, fees, costs, and other amounts that may be due and payable in

- 3 -

=== page 70 ===
Case 25-10829-CTG    Doc 2    Filed 05/06/25    Page 70 of 101

GENERAL PROVISIONS

respect of the Term Loan Credit Facility under the First Lien Credit 
Agreement) (the “Term Loan Credit Facility”).

Senior Secured Notes: consisting of $500,000,000 aggregate principal amount 
of 4.500% senior secured notes due 2029 (plus accrued and unpaid interest, 
premiums, fees, costs, and other amounts that may be due and payable under 
the Senior Secured Notes Indenture) issued by WW, and guaranteed by certain 
subsidiaries of WW, pursuant to the Senior Secured Notes Indenture.

Equity Interests

Common Stock: consisting of all issued and outstanding shares of common 
stock, no par value, issued by WW, plus any restricted stock units, performance 
stock units or options (but not including any out-of-the-money options, which 
shall be deemed cancelled, together, the “Existing Equity Awards”) issued by 
WW pursuant to a prepetition employee incentive or other similar plan, which 
Existing Equity Awards shall be deemed fully vested (at target level with
respect to performance stock units) and shall settle on the Plan Effective Date 
(the “Existing Common Stock”).

Takeback Debt and 
New Common 
Equity

On the Plan Effective Date:  Each holder of a First Lien Claim shall receive its 
pro rata share of (a) the Takeback Debt and (b) 91% of the shares of common 
stock of Reorganized WW (the “New Common Equity”), subject to dilution 
by the Management Incentive Plan.

The terms of the Takeback Debt shall be consistent in all material respects with 
the terms and conditions set forth in the Takeback Debt Term Sheet attached 
hereto as Exhibit 2 (the “Takeback Debt Term Sheet”).

Each Holder of a First Lien Claim may elect, through the required procedures 
outlined in the Disclosure Statement and other Definitive Documents, to 
receive Takeback Debt in either the form of New Notes or New Term Loans, 
regardless of whether such Holder’s First Lien Claims are First Lien Credit 
Facility Claims or Senior Secured Notes Claims (a “New Takeback Debt
Election”); provided that any holder of First Lien Claims that elects to receive 
New Notes must certify to the reasonable satisfaction of the Debtors that it is: 
(i) a “qualified institutional buyer” (as defined in Rule 144A under the 
Securities Act) or (ii) (A) a person other than a “U.S. person” (as defined in 
Rule 902(k) of Regulation S under the Securities Act) that is acquiring the New 
Notes in an offshore transaction in compliance with Rule 904 of Regulation S 
under the Securities Act and not participating on behalf of or on account of a 
U.S. person and (B) a qualified investor as defined in Regulation (EU) 
2017/1129 and as defined in Article 2 of Regulation (EU) 2017/1129 as it forms 
part of domestic law by virtue of the European Union (Withdrawal) Act 2018 
(the “New Notes Certification”).

All Holders of First Lien Claims that do not validly make a New Takeback 
Debt Election (including, by providing properly completed and duly executed
election forms or information forms and making proper submissions to DTC
(including the New Notes Certification for Holders electing to receive New
Notes), as applicable), by the applicable deadlines in the Definitive Documents,

- 4 -

=== page 71 ===
Case 25-10829-CTG    Doc 2    Filed 05/06/25    Page 71 of 101

GENERAL PROVISIONS

shall, subject to the distribution procedures set forth in the Plan, receive New 
Term Loans in respect of their First Lien Claims.  Holders may not make a
partial New Takeback Debt Elections.2

Reorganized WW shall use commercially reasonable efforts to obtain ratings 
from S&P and Moody’s on the New Term Loans and New Notes within 30 
days of the Plan Effective Date.

On the Plan Effective Date, the Existing Common Stock of the Debtors shall 
be cancelled and Reorganized WW shall issue the New Common Equity in 
accordance with the Plan, the Restructuring Support Agreement and this 
Restructuring Term Sheet.

During the pendency of the Chapter 11 Cases, Reorganized WW shall 
(i) continue to be a reporting company under the Exchange Act, 15 U.S.C. §§ 
78(a)–78(pp) throughout the Chapter 11 Cases and use best efforts to comply 
with all public and periodic reporting requirements under Section 13 and 
Section 15(d) of the Securities Act, and (ii)(x) use commercially reasonable 
efforts to have its Existing Common Stock remain listed on the Nasdaq Global 
Select Market (“NASDAQ”) throughout the Chapter 11 Cases and (y) have the 
New Common Equity listed on NASDAQ, the New York Stock Exchange, or 
another nationally recognized exchange, either by retaining or succeeding the 
Company’s existing NASDAQ listing or otherwise, subject to meeting 
applicable listing requirements as soon as commercially reasonably practicable 
following the Plan Effective Date; provided that in the event that the Company 
is de-listed or suspended from NASDAQ during the pendency of the Chapter 
11 Cases, the Debtors shall use commercially reasonable efforts to qualify the 
Existing Common Stock for trading (A) in the Pink Current Market (formerly 
known as the Pink Sheets) with the OTC Markets Group (the “OTC
Markets”), until July 1, 2025, and (1) after the Pink Current Market ceases to
exist on July 1, 2025, in the OTCID Basic Market with the OTC Markets, or 
(2) in the Pink Limited Market, if the Company does not meet the OTCID Rules 
requirements to be eligible for the OTCID Basic Market,  or otherwise qualify 
the Existing Common Stock as “regularly traded” as defined in Treas. Reg. 
Section 1.897-9T(d) as soon as practicable following the Petition Date.

Definitive 
Documents

This Restructuring Term Sheet does not set forth all of the terms of the 
Restructuring Transactions, and any definitive or binding agreement shall be 
subject to the Definitive Documents, which Definitive Documents (including 
but not limited to any New Organizational Documents) shall be consistent in 
all respects with the terms of this Restructuring Term Sheet and the 
Restructuring Support Agreement and subject to the consent and modification 
rights set forth therein.

Any documents contemplated by this Restructuring Term Sheet, including any 
Definitive Documents, that remain the subject of negotiation as of the 
Agreement Effective Date shall be subject to the rights and obligations set forth 
in Section 3 of the Restructuring Support Agreement.  Failure to reference such

2 Individual sub-funds managed by common parent shall be permitted to make individual elections.

- 5 -

=== page 72 ===
Case 25-10829-CTG    Doc 2    Filed 05/06/25    Page 72 of 101

GENERAL PROVISIONS

rights and obligations as it relates to any document referenced in this 
Restructuring Term Sheet shall not impair such rights and obligations.

- 6 -

=== page 73 ===
Case 25-10829-CTG    Doc 2    Filed 05/06/25    Page 73 of 101

TREATMENT OF CLAIMS AND INTERESTS

Impairment/

Treatment

Class No. and 
Type of Claim

Voting

Unclassified Non-Voting Claims

N/A

N/A

On the Plan Effective Date, each holder of an Allowed 
Administrative Claim shall receive treatment in a manner 
consistent with section 1129(a)(2) of the Bankruptcy Code.

Administrative 
Claims

N/A

N/A

On the Plan Effective Date, each holder of an Allowed Priority 
Tax Claim shall receive treatment in a manner consistent with 
section 1129(a)(9)(C) of the Bankruptcy Code.

Priority Tax 
Claims

Classified Claims and Interests of the Debtors

Class 1

Unimpaired; 
Deemed to 
Accept.

Other Secured 
Claims

On the Plan Effective Date, each holder of an Allowed Other 
Secured Claim shall receive, at the Debtors’ option and with the 
consent of the Required Consenting Creditors (not to be 
unreasonably withheld, conditioned or delayed), in full and final
satisfaction of such Allowed Other Secured Claim, either 
(i) payment in full in Cash, (ii) delivery of the collateral securing 
its Allowed Other Secured Claim, (iii) Reinstatement of its 
Allowed Other Secured Claim, or (iv) such other treatment 
rendering its Allowed Other Secured Claim Unimpaired in 
accordance with section 1124 of the Bankruptcy Code.

Class 2

Unimpaired; 
Deemed to 
Accept.

On the Plan Effective Date, each holder of an Allowed Other 
Priority Claim shall receive treatment in a manner consistent 
with section 1129(a)(9) of the Bankruptcy Code.

Other Priority 
Claims

Class 3

First Lien 
Claims

Impaired; 
Entitled to 
Vote.

On the Plan Effective Date, the First Lien Claims will be 
released and extinguished and each holder of an Allowed First 
Lien Claim shall receive in full and final satisfaction of such 
Allowed First Lien Claim its pro rata share of (a) the Takeback 
Debt (subject to each Holder’s New Takeback Debt Election) 
and (b) subject to the proviso in the next sentence, 91% of the 
New Common Equity, subject to dilution by the Management 
Incentive Plan. Under the Bankruptcy Code, the Holders of First
Lien Claims are entitled to 100% of the New Common Equity,
but the Holders of the First Lien Claims, by entering into this 
Agreement, have agreed to voluntarily reallocate 9% of the New 
Common Equity (pre-dilution from the Management Incentive 
Plan) to Holders of Existing Common Stock (the “Initial
Reallocation”); provided that, if any of the Milestones set forth
herein have not been met (other than as a result of a breach of

- 7 -

=== page 74 ===
Case 25-10829-CTG    Doc 2    Filed 05/06/25    Page 74 of 101

this Agreement by the Consenting Creditors), the 9% of New 
Common Equity voluntarily reallocated to the Holders of the 
Existing Common Stock shall be automatically forfeited to the
Holders of First Lien Claims, who shall then receive 100% of
the New Common Equity (pre-dilution from the Management 
Incentive Plan) on a pro rata basis on the Plan Effective Date 
(the “Subsequent Reallocation”).

Class 4

Unimpaired; 
Deemed to 
Accept.

General 
Unsecured 
Claims

On the Plan Effective Date, each holder of an Allowed General 
Unsecured Claim shall receive in the Debtors’ discretion, subject 
to the consent of the Required Consenting Creditors (not to be 
unreasonably withheld, conditioned or delayed), either: 
(i) Reinstatement of such Allowed General Unsecured Claim; or 
(ii) payment in full in Cash on (a) the Plan Effective Date, or 
(b) in the ordinary course of business in accordance with the 
terms and conditions of the particular transaction giving rise to 
such Allowed General Unsecured Claim, unless otherwise 
agreed to by the Debtors and such holder.

Class 5

Intercompany
Claims

Unimpaired; 
Deemed to 
Accept / 
Impaired; 
Deemed to 
Reject.

On the Plan Effective Date, Intercompany Claims shall, at the 
option of Reorganized WW with the consent of the Required 
Consenting Creditors (not to be unreasonably withheld,
conditioned or delayed), either be: 
(i) Reinstated or
(ii) distributed, contributed, set off, cancelled, and released
without any cash distribution on account of such Claims, or 
otherwise addressed at the option of Reorganized WW.

Class 6

Intercompany
Interests

On the Plan Effective Date, Intercompany Interests shall, at the 
option of Reorganized WW with the consent of the Required 
Consenting Creditors (not to be unreasonably withheld, 
conditioned or delayed), either: (i) be Reinstated; or (ii) be 
cancelled and released without any distribution on account of 
such Interests.

Unimpaired; 
Deemed to 
Accept / 
Impaired; 
Deemed to 
Reject.

Class 7

Impaired; 
Deemed to 
Reject.

Existing 
Common Stock

On the Plan Effective Date, all Existing Common Stock will be 
cancelled, released, and extinguished and will be of no further 
force and effect and the holders of Existing Common Stock shall 
be voluntarily allocated 9% of the New Common Equity on a 
pro rata basis (pre-dilution from the Management Incentive
Plan), from New Common Equity that the Holders of the First 
Lien Claims are otherwise be entitled to under the Bankruptcy 
Code pursuant to the Initial Reallocation; provided that, if any 
of the Milestones set forth herein have not been met (other than 
as a result of the breach of this Agreement by the Consenting 
Creditors), the 9% of New Common Equity voluntarily 
reallocated to the Holders of the Existing Common Stock shall 
be automatically forfeited to the Holders of First Lien Claims, 
who shall then receive 100% of the New Common Equity (pre- 
dilution from the Management Incentive Plan) on a pro rata

- 8 -

=== page 75 ===
Case 25-10829-CTG    Doc 2    Filed 05/06/25    Page 75 of 101

basis on the Plan Effective Date pursuant to the Subsequent 
Reallocation.

- 9 -

=== page 76 ===
Case 25-10829-CTG    Doc 2    Filed 05/06/25    Page 76 of 101

MILESTONES

The Company Parties shall implement the Restructuring Transactions in accordance with the following 
milestones (the “Milestones”), each of which may be extended or waived only with the written consent 
(email to counsel shall suffice) of the Company Parties and the Required Consenting Creditors.

1. No later than the Agreement Effective Date, the Company Parties shall commence solicitation of the
Restructuring Transactions by commencing the Plan Solicitation.

2. No later than the first business day following the Agreement Effective Date, the Debtors shall have
commenced the Chapter 11 Cases;

3. On the Petition Date, the Debtors shall have Filed the Plan, the Disclosure Statement and the
Disclosure Statement Motion;

4. No later than 3 Business Days after the Petition Date, the Bankruptcy Court shall have entered the 
(A) interim Cash Collateral Order and (B) order approving the Disclosure Statement (solely with 
respect to (i) scheduling a combined disclosure statement and confirmation hearing and (ii) approving
solicitation procedures);

5. No later than 30 days after the Petition Date, the Bankruptcy Court shall have entered the final Cash
Collateral Order (which may be the Confirmation Order).

6. No later than 42 days after the Petition Date, the Bankruptcy Court shall have entered the
Confirmation Order, which shall be a Final Order; and

7. No later than 7 days after entry of the Confirmation Order, the Restructuring Transactions shall have 
been implemented and the Plan Effective Date shall have occurred (the “Plan Outside Date”); 
provided, that the Plan Effective Date shall not occur unless the Conditions Precedent to the Plan
Effective Date have been satisfied or waived by the applicable Parties.

GENERAL PROVISIONS REGARDING THE PLAN

Discharge of Claims 
and Termination of 
Interests

Pursuant to section 1141(d) of the Bankruptcy Code and except as otherwise
specifically provided in the Definitive Documents, the Plan, or in any
contract, instrument, or other agreement or document created pursuant to the 
Plan, the distributions, rights, and treatment that are provided in the Plan 
shall be in complete satisfaction, discharge, and release, effective as of the 
Plan Effective Date, of Claims, Interests, and Causes of Action of any nature
whatsoever, including any interest accrued on Claims or Interests from and
after the Petition Date, whether known or unknown, against, liabilities of, 
Liens on, obligations of, rights against, and Interests in the Debtors or any 
of their assets or properties, regardless of whether any property shall have 
been distributed or retained pursuant to the Plan on account of such Claims 
and Interests, including demands, liabilities, and Causes of Action that arose 
before the Plan Effective Date, any liability (including withdrawal liability) 
to the extent such Claims or Interests relate to services that employees of the 
Debtors have performed prior to the Plan Effective Date and that arise from 
a termination of employment, any contingent or non-contingent liability on

- 10 -

=== page 77 ===
Case 25-10829-CTG    Doc 2    Filed 05/06/25    Page 77 of 101

account of representations or warranties issued on or before the Plan 
Effective Date, and all debts of the kind specified in sections 502(g), 502(h), 
or 502(i) of the Bankruptcy Code, in each case whether or not (i) a Proof of 
Claim based upon such debt or right is Filed or deemed Filed pursuant to
section 501 of the Bankruptcy Code, (ii) a Claim or Interest based upon such 
debt, right, or Interest is Allowed pursuant to section 502 of the Bankruptcy 
Code, or (iii) the holder of such a Claim or Interest has accepted the Plan. 
The Confirmation Order shall be a judicial determination of the discharge of 
all Claims and Interests subject to the occurrence of the Plan Effective Date.

Survival of 
Indemnification 
Provisions and 
D&O Insurance

All indemnification provisions, consistent with applicable law, currently in 
place (whether in the by-laws, certificates of incorporation or formation, 
limited liability company agreements, limited partnership agreements, other 
organizational documents, board resolutions, indemnification agreements, 
employment contracts, or otherwise) for the current and former directors, 
officers, managers, employees, attorneys, accountants, investment bankers, 
and other professionals of, or acting on behalf of, the Company Parties, as 
applicable, shall be reinstated and remain intact, irrevocable, and shall 
survive the Plan Effective Date on terms no less favorable to such current 
and former directors, officers, managers, employees, attorneys, accountants, 
investment bankers, and other professionals of, or acting on behalf of, the 
Company Parties, as applicable, than the indemnification provisions in place 
prior to the Plan Effective Date.  All such indemnifications obligations will 
be treated as executory contracts and assumed by the Debtors under the Plan 
and will continue as obligations of the Reorganized Debtors.

In addition, after the Plan Effective Date, the Company Parties will not 
terminate or otherwise reduce the coverage under any directors’ and 
officers’ insurance policies (including any “tail policy”) in effect or 
purchased as of the Petition Date, and all members, managers, directors, and 
officers of the Company Parties who served in such capacity at any time 
prior to the Plan Effective Date or any other individuals covered by such 
insurance policies, will be entitled to the full benefits of any such policy for 
the full term of such policy regardless of whether such members, managers, 
directors, officers, or other individuals remain in such positions after the 
Plan Effective Date.

Retained Causes of 
Action

The Reorganized Debtors shall retain all rights to commence and pursue any 
Causes of Action, other than any Causes of Action released by the Debtors
pursuant to the release and exculpation provisions outlined in this 
Restructuring Term Sheet.

Assumption of 
Executory Contracts 
and Unexpired Leases

The Plan shall provide that, unless otherwise provided in the Plan or by an 
order of the Bankruptcy Court, as of and subject to the occurrence of the 
Plan Effective Date, the payment of any applicable cure amount, all 
executory contracts and unexpired leases shall be assumed.

GENERAL PROVISIONS REGARDING THE RESTRUCTURING TRANSACTIONS

- 11 -

=== page 78 ===
Case 25-10829-CTG    Doc 2    Filed 05/06/25    Page 78 of 101

SEC Registration
All shares of New Common Equity issued and distributed pursuant to the
Plan will be issued and distributed without registration under the Securities
Act or any similar federal, state, or local law in reliance upon (i) an
exemption from such registration requirements under section 1145 of the
Bankruptcy Code; (ii) an exemption from such registration requirements 
under section 4(a)(2) of the Securities Act (or Regulation D promulgated 
thereunder); (iii) an exemption from such registration requirements in 
compliance with Regulation S under the Securities Act; or (iv) such other 
exemption as may be available from any applicable registration 
requirements.

All New Notes issued or distributed pursuant to the Plan will be issued and 
distributed without registration under the Securities Act or any similar 
federal, state, or local law in reliance upon (i) an exemption from such 
registration requirements under section 4(a)(2) of the Securities Act; (ii) an 
exemption from such registration requirements in compliance with 
Regulation S under the Securities Act; or (iii) such other exemptions as may 
be available from any applicable registration requirements.

Management Incentive 
Plan

The New Board shall, following the Plan Effective Date, adopt a new
management 
incentive 
plan 
for 
current 
and 
future 
employees
(the “Management Incentive Plan”), which shall provide for equity and/or
equity-based awards (“Awards”), reserving 10% of the New Common 
Equity, with the form of the Awards (i.e., options, restricted stock or units,
appreciation rights, etc.), the participants in the Management Incentive Plan, 
the allocations of the Awards to such participants (including the amount of 
allocations and the timing of the grant of the Awards), the terms and 
conditions of the Awards (including vesting, exercise prices, base values, 
hurdles, forfeiture, repurchase rights and transferability) to be determined 
by the Chief Executive Officer, subject to the approval of the New Board.

Releases & Exculpation
The Plan and the Confirmation Order shall contain exculpation provisions 
and releases set forth in Exhibit 3 attached hereto (the “Plan Release”).

Governance
On the Plan Effective Date, the New Board shall be appointed.  The 
composition of the New Board shall be determined by the Required 
Consenting Creditors in consultation with the Chief Executive Officer and
shall include the Chief Executive Officer.  The Required Consenting 
Creditors will consider in good faith any of the Company’s existing directors 
that may wish to serve on the New Board.

The New Organizational Documents, including charters, bylaws, operating 
agreements, or other organization documents, as applicable, shall be 
consistent with the Restructuring Support Agreement, this Restructuring 
Term Sheet, and, to the extent applicable, section 1123(a)(6) of the 
Bankruptcy Code.

The identity of the New Board shall be set forth in the Plan Supplement to 
the extent known at the time of Filing of the Plan Supplement.

- 12 -

=== page 79 ===
Case 25-10829-CTG    Doc 2    Filed 05/06/25    Page 79 of 101

Conditions Precedent to 
the Plan Effective Date

The following shall be conditions to the Plan Effective Date 
(the “Conditions Precedent to the Plan Effective Date”):

(i) 
the Restructuring Support Agreement shall have not been terminated
and shall remain in full force and effect;

(ii) 
there shall not have been instituted or be pending any action,
proceeding, application, claim, counterclaim, or investigation
(whether formal or informal) (or there shall not have been any material 
adverse development to any action, application, claim, counterclaim, 
or proceeding currently instituted, threatened or pending) before or by 
any court, governmental, regulatory, or administrative agency or 
instrumentality, domestic or foreign, or by any other person, domestic 
or foreign, in connection with the Restructuring Transactions that, in 
the reasonable judgment of the Company Parties and the Required
Consenting 
Creditors, 
would 
prohibit, 
prevent, 
or 
restrict
Consummation of the Restructuring Transactions;

(iii) each document or agreement constituting the applicable Definitive

Documents shall have been executed and/or effectuated, shall be in
form and substance consistent with the Restructuring Support
Agreement and otherwise acceptable to the Required Consenting 
Creditors and the Company Parties, and any conditions precedent 
related thereto or contained therein, shall have been satisfied prior to 
or contemporaneously with the occurrence of the Plan Effective Date 
or otherwise waived;

(iv) the Company Parties shall have obtained all authorizations, consents,

regulatory approvals, rulings, or documents that are necessary to 
implement and effectuate the Restructuring Transactions, and all 
applicable regulatory or government-imposed waiting periods shall
have expired or been terminated;

(v) 
the New Common Equity to be issued and/or delivered on the Plan
Effective Date shall have been validly issued by Reorganized WW,
shall be fully paid and non-assessable, and shall be free and clear of
all taxes, liens or other encumbrances, pre-emptive rights, rights of 
first refusal, subscription rights and similar rights (A) except for any 
restrictions on transfer as may be imposed by applicable securities 
Laws and (B) except as may be imposed by or set forth in the New 
Organizational Documents;

(vi) amounts sufficient to pay in full the fees and expenses of the

professionals retained by the Company after the Plan Effective Date
shall have been placed in the professional fee escrow account;

(vii) all accrued and unpaid Transaction Expenses shall have been paid in

full accordance with the Restructuring Support Agreement;

(viii) all conditions precedent to the issuance or incurrence of the Takeback

Debt shall have been satisfied or duly waived, and the Takeback Debt,
including all documentation related thereto, shall be in form and 
substance satisfactory to the Required Consenting Creditors and the 
Company Parties and in effect;

- 13 -

=== page 80 ===
Case 25-10829-CTG    Doc 2    Filed 05/06/25    Page 80 of 101

(ix) counsel to the Ad Hoc Group shall have received evidence of (a) an

effective officers’ and directors’ liability insurance and fiduciary 
liability insurance policy that covers Reorganized WW and all of its

subsidiaries, which evidence shall demonstrate that such policy shall
be in effect as of the Plan Effective Date and (b) an effective “tail” 
officers’ and directors’ liability insurance and fiduciary liability 
insurance policy that covers each of the Company Parties, which 
evidence shall demonstrate that such policy shall be in effect as of the 
Plan Effective Date;

(x) 
the Company Parties shall have otherwise substantially consummated
the Restructuring Transactions, and all transactions contemplated
herein, in a manner consistent in all respects with the Restructuring 
Support Agreement and the Definitive Documents;

(xi) the Bankruptcy Court shall have entered each of the Cash Collateral

Orders, the Disclosure Statement Order, and the Confirmation Order,
and each of the Disclosure Statement Order and the Confirmation
Order shall be consistent with the Restructuring Support Agreement,
and otherwise in form and substance acceptable to the Company
Parties and the Required Consenting Creditors, and each of the Cash 
Collateral Orders, the Disclosure Statement Order and the 
Confirmation Order shall not have been stayed, modified or vacated;

(xii) all conditions denominated “Closing Conditions” in the Plan shall

have been satisfied, waived, or satisfied contemporaneously with the
occurrence of the Plan Effective Date; and

(xiii) the New Organizational Documents shall have been executed and/or

effectuated, shall be in form and substance consistent with the

Restructuring Support Agreement, and any conditions precedent 
related thereto, shall have been satisfied prior to or contemporaneously
with the occurrence of the Plan Effective Date or otherwise waived.

Waiver of Conditions 
Precedent to the Plan 
Effective Date

The Conditions Precedent to the Plan Effective Date may not be waived 
without the express prior written consent (which may be via email among
counsel) of the Company Parties and the Required Consenting Creditors,
which waiver shall be effective without notice, leave, or order of the 
Bankruptcy Court.

Tax Matters
The Company Parties shall cooperate in good faith to structure the 
Restructuring Transactions in a tax-efficient manner acceptable to the 
Required Consenting Creditors. For U.S. federal income and all other 
applicable tax purposes, (i) the Initial Reallocation and the Subsequent 
Reallocation shall be treated as a single and integrated transaction such that
the Holders of First Lien Claims received a net amount of New Common 
Equity from the Company in exchange for the release of the First Lien 
Claims taking into account the Initial Reallocation and the Subsequent 
Reallocation and (ii) no transaction shall be treated as occurring between 
any of the Holders of First Lien Claims and Holders of Existing Common 
Stock with respect to the Initial Reallocation and Subsequent Reallocation.

- 14 -

=== page 81 ===
Case 25-10829-CTG    Doc 2    Filed 05/06/25    Page 81 of 101

EXHIBIT 1

Definitions

Capitalized terms in the Restructuring Term Sheet not otherwise defined therein shall have the 
following meaning:

TERM
DEFINITION

Administrative Claim
A Claim for costs and expenses of administration of the Chapter 11 Cases 
pursuant to sections 503(b), 507(a)(2), 507(b), or 1114(e)(2) of the 
Bankruptcy Code, including, without limitation: (i) the actual and 
necessary costs and expenses incurred on or after the Petition Date until 
and including the Plan Effective Date of preserving the Estates and 
operating the Debtors’ businesses; (ii) Allowed Professional Claims; and 
(iii) all fees and charges assessed against the Estates pursuant to section 
1930 of chapter 123 of title 28 of the United States Code.

Affiliate
As defined in section 101(2) of the Bankruptcy Code.  With respect to any 
Person that is not a Debtor, the term “Affiliate” shall apply to such Person 
as if the Person were a Debtor.

Agent
Any administrative agent, collateral agent, or similar Entity under the New 
Credit Agreement the New Indenture, the Revolving Credit Facility, the 
Term Loan Credit Facility and/or the Senior Secured Notes.

Agreement Effective Date
The date on which the conditions set forth in Section 2.01 of the
Restructuring Support Agreement have been satisfied or waived by the
appropriate Party or Parties in accordance with the Restructuring Support 
Agreement.

Allowed
As to a Claim or an Interest, a Claim or an Interest allowed under the Plan, 
under the Bankruptcy Code, or by a Final Order, as applicable.  For the 
avoidance of doubt, (i) there is no requirement to File a Proof of Claim or 
Proof of Interest (or move the Bankruptcy Court for Allowance) to be an 
Allowed Claim or Allowed Interest under the Plan, and (ii) the Debtors 
may affirmatively determine to deem unimpaired Claims Allowed to the 
same extent such Claims would be allowed under applicable non- 
bankruptcy law.  “Allow,” “Allowing,” and “Allowance” shall have 
correlative meanings.

Bankruptcy Rules
The Federal Rules of Bankruptcy Procedure.

Business Day
Any day other than a Saturday, Sunday, or other day on which commercial 
banks are authorized to close under the Laws of, or are in fact closed in, 
the state of New York.

Cash
Legal tender of the United States of America.

- 15 -

=== page 82 ===
Case 25-10829-CTG    Doc 2    Filed 05/06/25    Page 82 of 101

TERM
DEFINITION

Cash Collateral
As defined in section 363(a) of the Bankruptcy Code.

Causes of Action
Any claims, interests, damages, remedies, causes of action, demands,
rights, actions, controversies, proceedings, agreements, suits, obligations, 
liabilities, accounts, defenses, offsets, powers, privileges, licenses, Liens, 
indemnities, guaranties, and franchises of any kind or character 
whatsoever, whether known or unknown, foreseen or unforeseen, existing 
or hereinafter arising, contingent or non-contingent, liquidated or 
unliquidated, secured or unsecured, assertable, directly or derivatively, 
matured or unmatured, suspected or unsuspected, whether arising before, 
on, or after the Petition Date, in contract, tort, law, equity, or otherwise. 
Causes of Action also include: (i) all rights of setoff, counterclaim, or 
recoupment and claims under contracts or for breaches of duties imposed 
by law or in equity; (ii) the right to object to or otherwise contest Claims 
or Interests; (iii) claims pursuant to section 362 or chapter 5 of the 
Bankruptcy Code; (iv) such claims and defenses as fraud, mistake, duress,
and usury, and any other defenses set forth in section 558 of the
Bankruptcy Code; and (v) any avoidance actions arising under chapter 5
of the Bankruptcy Code or under similar local, state, federal, or foreign 
statutes and common law, including fraudulent transfer laws.

Claim
As defined in section 101(5) of the Bankruptcy Code.

Consummation
The occurrence of the Plan Effective Date.

Disclosure Statement 
Motion

The motion seeking (i) the scheduling of a combined disclosure statement 
and confirmation hearing; (ii) conditional approval of the Disclosure 
Statement; and (iii) approval of the solicitation procedures.

Estate
The estate of any Debtor created under sections 301 and 541 of the
Bankruptcy Code upon the commencement of the applicable Debtor’s
Chapter 11 Case.

Exculpated Parties
Collectively, each of, and in each case in its capacity as such: (i) each
Debtor; (ii) each Reorganized Debtor; and (iii) each Related Party of each 
Entity or Person in clause (i) and (ii).

File, Filed, or Filing
File, filed, or filing with the Bankruptcy Court or its authorized designee 
in the Chapter 11 Cases.

Final Order
An order or judgment of the Bankruptcy Court, or court of competent 
jurisdiction with respect to the subject matter that has not been reversed, 
stayed, modified, or amended, as entered on the docket in any Chapter 11 
Case or the docket of any court of competent jurisdiction, and as to which 
the time to appeal, or seek certiorari or move for a new trial, reargument, 
or rehearing has expired and no appeal or petition for certiorari or other 
proceedings for a new trial, reargument, or rehearing has been timely

- 16 -

=== page 83 ===
Case 25-10829-CTG    Doc 2    Filed 05/06/25    Page 83 of 101

TERM
DEFINITION

taken, or as to which any appeal that has been taken or any petition for
certiorari that has been or may be timely Filed has been withdrawn or
resolved by the highest court to which the order or judgment was appealed 
or from which certiorari was sought or the new trial, reargument, or 
rehearing will have been denied, resulted in no stay pending appeal of such 
order, or has otherwise been dismissed with prejudice; provided that no 
order or judgment shall fail to be a “Final Order” solely because of the 
possibility that a motion under Rules 59 or 60 of the Federal Rules of Civil 
Procedure or any analogous Bankruptcy Rule (or any analogous rules 
applicable in such other court of competent jurisdiction) or sections 502(j) 
or 1144 of the Bankruptcy Code has been or may be filed with respect to 
such order or judgment.

General Unsecured Claim
Any unsecured claim against a Debtor that is not (i) an Administrative 
Claim, (ii) a Priority Tax Claim, (iii) an Other Secured Claim, (iv) an 
Other Priority Claim, (v) a First Lien Claim (vi) an Intercompany Claim, 
(vii) a Professional Claim, or (viii) any claim subject to treatment under 
section 510(b) of the Bankruptcy Code.

Governmental Unit
As defined in section 101(27) of the Bankruptcy Code.

Intercompany Claim
Any Claim against a Company Party held by another Company Party or 
an Affiliate of a Company Party.

Intercompany Interest
Any Interest in a Company Party held by another Company Party or an 
Affiliate of a Company Party.

Interest
Collectively, the shares (or any class thereof), common stock, preferred 
stock, limited liability company interests, and any other equity, ownership, 
or profits interests of any Company Party, and options, warrants, rights, or 
other securities or agreements to acquire or subscribe for, or which are 
convertible into the shares (or any class thereof) of, common stock, 
preferred stock, limited liability company interests, or other equity, 
ownership, or profits interests of any Company Party (in each case 
whether or not arising under or in connection with any employment 
agreement).

Lien
As defined in section 101(37) of the Bankruptcy Code.

New Board
The board of directors of Reorganized WW.

New Notes
The notes issued pursuant to the Restructuring Transactions.

New Organizational 
Documents

Any organizational and governance documents for the Reorganized 
Debtors and their subsidiaries and affiliates to be entered into on the Plan 
Effective Date, including certificates of incorporation, certificates of 
designation, certificates of formation or certificates of limited partnership 
(or equivalent organizational documents), bylaws, limited liability

- 17 -

=== page 84 ===
Case 25-10829-CTG    Doc 2    Filed 05/06/25    Page 84 of 101

TERM
DEFINITION

company agreements (or equivalent governing documents), as applicable.

New Term Loans
The new term loans issued pursuant to the Restructuring Transactions.

Other Priority Claim
Any Claim other than an Administrative Claim or a Priority Tax Claim 
entitled to priority in right of payment under section 507(a) of the 
Bankruptcy Code.

Other Secured Claim
Any secured claim that is not a First Lien Claim.

Plan Effective Date
The date that is the first Business Day after the Confirmation Date on 
which all Conditions Precedent to the Plan Effective Date have been 
satisfied or waived in accordance with the Plan.

Plan Solicitation
The solicitation of votes in favor of the Plan from holders of Term Loan 
Credit Facility Claims and Senior Secured Notes Claims.

Priority Tax Claims
Any Claim of a Governmental Unit of the kind specified in 
section 507(a)(8) of the Bankruptcy Code.

Professional Claim
Any Claim by an Entity: (a) employed pursuant to a Bankruptcy Court
order in accordance with sections 327, 363, or 1103 of the Bankruptcy 
Code and to be compensated for services rendered prior to or on the 
Confirmation Date, pursuant to sections 327, 328, 329, 330, 331, and 363 
of the Bankruptcy Code; or (b) awarded compensation and reimbursement 
by the Bankruptcy Court pursuant to section 503(b)(4) of the Bankruptcy 
Code, seeking an award by the Bankruptcy Court of compensation for 
services rendered or reimbursement of expenses incurred through and 
including the Confirmation Date under sections 330, 331, 503(b)(2),
503(b)(3), 503(b)(4), or 503(b)(5) of the Bankruptcy Code.

Proof of Claim
A proof of claim Filed against any of the Debtors in the Chapter 11 Cases 
by the applicable bar date as established by the Court.

Proof of Interest
A proof of Interest Filed against any of the Debtors in the Chapter 
11 Cases.

Reinstatement or 
Reinstated

With respect to Claims and Interests, that the Claim or Interest shall be 
rendered unimpaired in accordance with section 1124 of the 
Bankruptcy Code.

Related Party
With respect to an Entity or Person, such Entity’s or Person’s current and 
former Affiliates, and with respect to each of the foregoing, their current 
and former Affiliates, members, directors, managers, officers, equity 
holders (regardless of whether such interests are held directly or 
indirectly), predecessors, successors, assigns, subsidiaries, participants, 
affiliated investment funds or investment vehicles, managed accounts or 
funds, and each of their respective current and former members, equity

- 18 -

=== page 85 ===
Case 25-10829-CTG    Doc 2    Filed 05/06/25    Page 85 of 101

TERM
DEFINITION

holders, officers, directors, managers, principals, members, employees,
agents, advisory board members, investment fund advisors or managers,
investment managers, financial advisors, partners, attorneys, accountants, 
investment bankers, consultants, representatives, and other professionals, 
each in their capacity as such.

Released Party
Collectively, each of, and in each case in its capacity as such: (i) each 
Debtor; (ii) each Reorganized Debtor; (iii) each Company Party; (iv) each 
Agent; (v) the Consenting Creditors; and (vi) each Related Party of each 
Entity or Person in clause (i) through clause (v); provided that in each 
case, an Entity or Person shall not be a Released Party if it: (x) does not 
elect to opt in to the third-party releases contained in the Plan; or (y) timely 
Files with the Bankruptcy Court on the docket of the Chapter 11 Cases an 
objection to the third-party releases contained in the Plan that is not 
withdrawn or otherwise resolved before Confirmation.

Releasing Party
Collectively, each of, and in each case in its capacity as such: means 
collectively, (i) the Released Parties; (ii) all Holders of Claims and 
Interests that elect to “opt in” to the third-party releases set forth in the
Plan; and (iii) each Related Party of each Entity or Person in clause (i) and
clause (ii).

Reorganized Debtor(s)
WW, and any Debtors, as reorganized pursuant to and under the 
Restructuring Transactions or any successor thereto, and including any 
entities establish to acquire all or a portion of the assets of WW and/or its 
direct and indirect subsidiaries.

Reorganized WW
WW, as reorganized pursuant to the Restructuring Transactions (including 
under the Plan), including any successor thereto or any entity established 
to acquire, directly or indirectly, all or a portion of the assets of WW 
and/or its direct and indirect subsidiaries.

Revolving Credit Facility
As defined in this Restructuring Term Sheet.

Securities Act
The Securities Act of 1933, as amended.

Takeback Debt
The New Term Loans and the New Notes.

- 19 -

=== page 86 ===
Case 25-10829-CTG    Doc 2    Filed 05/06/25    Page 86 of 101

EXHIBIT 2

Takeback Debt Term Sheet

=== page 87 ===
Case 25-10829-CTG    Doc 2    Filed 05/06/25    Page 87 of 101

EXHIBIT 2

Takeback Debt Term Sheet

=== page 88 ===
Case 25-10829-CTG    Doc 2    Filed 05/06/25    Page 88 of 101

EXHIBIT 2 
Takeback Debt Term Sheet

THIS TERM SHEET DOES NOT PURPORT TO SUMMARIZE ALL OF THE TERMS, CONDITIONS, 
COVENANTS, REPRESENTATIONS, WARRANTIES, AND OTHER PROVISIONS WITH RESPECT TO 
THE TAKEBACK DEBT DESCRIBED HEREIN, WHICH TAKEBACK DEBT WILL BE SUBJECT TO 
THE COMPLETION OF DEFINITIVE DOCUMENTATION INCORPORATING THE TERMS SET 
FORTH HEREIN AND THE TERMS SET FORTH IN THE RESTRUCTURING SUPPORT AGREEMENT 
AND RELATED TERM SHEETS. CAPITALIZED TERMS NOT OTHERWISE DEFINED HEREIN SHALL 
HAVE THE MEANINGS ASSIGNED TO SUCH TERMS IN THE RESTRUCTURING TERM SHEET TO 
WHICH THIS EXHIBIT IS ATTACHED.

GENERAL PROVISIONS1

Form of 
Takeback Debt

$465.0 million aggregate principal amount of Takeback Debt consisting of New Term Loans 
and New Notes, with such aggregate principal amount allocated between the New Term 
Loans and the New Notes in accordance with the New Notes Election by Holders

Issuer/ Borrower 
Reorganized WW

Guarantors 
All subsidiaries of Reorganized WW, except for (i) Immaterial Subsidiaries (to be defined 
in a manner to be agreed between the Company and the Required Consenting Lenders), (ii) 
any guarantee where the cost, burden, difficulty or consequence (including tax consequence) 
of obtaining such guarantee outweighs the benefit of such guarantee (as reasonably 
determined by the Company and the Required Consenting Lenders) and (iii) other exclusions 
to be agreed between the Company and the Required Consenting Lenders

Collateral 
All assets of Reorganized WW and each Guarantor organized or existing under the laws of 
the United States, any state thereof or the District of Columbia or under the laws of the 
Netherlands or the United Kingdom except for (i) any pledge where the cost, burden, 
difficulty or consequence (including tax consequence) of obtaining such pledge outweighs 
the benefit of such pledge (as reasonably determined by the Company and the Required 
Consenting Lenders) and (ii) other exclusions to be agreed between the Company and the 
Required Consenting Lenders; it being understood and agreed that (x) any pledge by a 
Guarantor organized or existing under the laws of the Netherlands or the United Kingdom 
shall be limited to assets that are customarily pledged in the Netherlands or the United 
Kingdom (as applicable) in connection with secured financings similar to the Takeback 
Debt and (y) there shall be no security agreements or pledge agreements governed under 
the laws of any non-U.S. jurisdiction other than the Netherlands and the United Kingdom

Maturity 
5 years from the Effective Date

New Term Loans: S + 6.80% per annum, payable in cash

Interest Rate/ 
Coupon

New Notes: 10.250% per annum, payable in cash

The Takeback Debt may be optionally redeemed/prepaid at Reorganized WW’s option as 
follows:

Optional 
Redemption/ 
Prepayment

Period: 
Price (plus accrued and unpaid interest):

1 Applicable to both New Term Loans and New Notes

=== page 89 ===
Case 25-10829-CTG    Doc 2    Filed 05/06/25    Page 89 of 101

From the Effective Date to and including 
the date that is 18 months after the Effective 
Date (the “Par Call Date”)

(i) 
the first $200.0 million aggregate 
principal amount of Takeback Debt 
so redeemed, 100.000%; and  
(ii) for any amounts of aggregate

principal amount of Takeback Debt 
in 
excess 
of 
$200.0 
million, 
102.000%

From the Par Call Date to and including the 
second anniversary of the Effective Date

102.000%

From the second anniversary of the 
Effective Date to and including the third 
anniversary of the Effective Date

101.000%

100.000%

From the third anniversary of the Effective 
Date to maturity

Amortization 
None

Cash Sweep  
Beginning on the first anniversary of the Effective Date and annually each year thereafter, 
Reorganized WW must redeem/prepay the Takeback Debt, at par and on a pro rata basis 
between the New Term Loans and the New Notes, with any amount of unrestricted cash in 
excess of $100.0 million, with such excess unrestricted cash calculated based on a 10-day 
average for the last 10 days of the first quarter of each year, subject to carveouts as agreed 
between the Company and the Required Consenting Creditors including, without limitation, 
at the option of the Company, (i) for cash amounts to be paid in connection with any 
acquisitions or third-party investments pursuant to a signed agreement or letter of intent that 
have yet to close, (ii) without duplication of the foregoing clause (i), the amount of principal 
payments required to be made on the Takeback Debt, within the next twelve months and (iii) 
cash amounts paid in respect of acquisitions or other investments (excluding capital 
expenditures) or any prepayment or redemption of indebtedness, in each case, made on or 
after such balance sheet date and prior to the date of such prepayment.

Notwithstanding the foregoing, mandatory prepayments attributable to unrestricted cash of 
a Foreign Subsidiary required to be made pursuant to the foregoing paragraph shall be 
subject to repatriation limitations to be agreed between the Company and the Required 
Consenting Lenders.

Negative 
Covenants

Substantially consistent with the Documentation Precedent, subject to modifications as 
agreed between the Company and the Required Consenting Lenders (which shall take into 
account the terms agreed in writing between the Company and the Consenting Lenders (or 
their respective counsel) on or prior to the date of the Restructuring Support Agreement) 
(“the Agreed Modifications”)

Events of Default 
Substantially consistent with the Documentation Precedent, subject to modifications as 
agreed between the Company and the Required Consenting Lenders (which shall take into 
account the Agreed Modifications)

Documentation 
Precedent

The definitive documentation shall be based on (i) the First Lien Credit Agreement and 
related documentation, for the New Term Loans and (ii) the Senior Secured Notes Indenture, 
for the New Notes, in each case, with such changes as are necessary to align with the Agreed 
Modifications and such other changes agreed between the Company and the Required 
Consenting Creditors.

2

=== page 90 ===
Case 25-10829-CTG    Doc 2    Filed 05/06/25    Page 90 of 101

Governing Law 
The New Credit Agreement and the New Indenture shall be governed in all respects by the 
laws of the State of New York.

NEW NOTES ADDITIONAL PROVISIONS

10.250% Senior Secured Notes due 2030

Title of New 
Notes

Interest Payment 
Dates

Interest will be payable semi-annually on June 15 and December 15 of each year, 
commencing on December 15, 2025

$1.00 / $1.00

Denominations / 
Multiple

Exemption from 
Registration; 
Transfer 
Restrictions

The New Notes will be issued pursuant to an exemption from registration and will not be 
registered under the Securities Act or any state securities laws. The New Notes will constitute 
restricted securities and may not be transferred except pursuant to an effective registration 
statement under the Securities Act or an available exemption therefrom and in compliance 
with any applicable state or foreign securities laws.

None

Registration 
Rights

3

=== page 91 ===
Case 25-10829-CTG    Doc 2    Filed 05/06/25    Page 91 of 101

EXHIBIT 3

Release, Exculpation, and Injunction

RELEASE, EXCULPATION, AND INJUNCTION PROVISIONS

Releases by the Debtors 
(the “Debtor Release”)

Notwithstanding anything contained in the Plan to the contrary, pursuant 
to section 1123(b) of the Bankruptcy Code, in exchange for good and 
valuable consideration, the adequacy of which is hereby confirmed, on 
and after the Plan Effective Date, each Released Party is, and is deemed 
to be, hereby conclusively, absolutely, unconditionally, irrevocably, and 
forever released and discharged by the Debtors, the Reorganized 
Debtors, and their Estates, in each case on behalf of themselves and their 
respective successors, assigns, and representatives, and any and all other 
Entities who may purport to assert any Cause of Action, directly or 
derivatively, by, through, for, or because of the foregoing Entities, from 
any and all Claims and Causes of Action, including any derivative 
claims, asserted or assertable on behalf of the Debtors, the Reorganized 
Debtors, or their Estates, as applicable, whether known or unknown, 
foreseen or unforeseen, matured or unmatured, liquidated or 
unliquidated, fixed or contingent, existing or hereafter arising, in law, 
equity, contract, tort, or otherwise, that the Debtors, the Reorganized 
Debtors, or their Estates would have been entitled to assert in their own 
right (whether individually or collectively) or on behalf of the holder of 
any Claim against, or Interest in, a Debtor, a Reorganized Debtor, their 
Estates, or other Entity, based on or relating to, or in any manner arising 
from, in whole or in part, the Debtors (including the Debtors’ capital 
structure, business, management, ownership, or operation thereof), the 
purchase, sale, or rescission of any security of the Debtors or the 
Reorganized Debtors, the subject matter of, or the transactions or events 
giving rise to, any Claim or Interest that is treated in the Plan, the 
business or contractual arrangements between or among any Debtor and 
any Released Party, the ownership and/or operation of the Debtors by 
any Released Party or the distribution of any Cash or other property of 
the Debtors to any Released Party, the First Lien Credit Agreement 
Claims, the Senior Secured Notes Claims, cash management 
arrangements, the assertion or enforcement of rights and remedies 
against the Debtors, the Debtors’ in- or out-of-court restructuring 
efforts, any avoidance actions (but excluding avoidance actions brought 
as counterclaims or defenses to Claims asserted against the Debtors by 
Released Parties other than the Consenting Creditors), intercompany 
transactions between or among a Debtor or an Affiliate of a Debtor and 
another Debtor or Affiliate of a Debtor, the Chapter 11 Cases, the 
formulation, preparation, dissemination, negotiation, or filing of the 
Restructuring Support Agreement and related prepetition transactions, 
the Disclosure Statement, the First Lien Credit Agreement and any 
facilities thereunder, the Senior Secured Notes Indenture and any 
facilities thereunder, the New First Lien Debt Documents, the New 
Notes Documents, the Plan (including, for the avoidance of doubt, the

=== page 92 ===
Case 25-10829-CTG    Doc 2    Filed 05/06/25    Page 92 of 101

RELEASE, EXCULPATION, AND INJUNCTION PROVISIONS

Plan Supplement), any other Definitive Document or any Restructuring 
Transaction, contract, instrument, release, or other agreement or 
document (including any legal opinion requested by any Entity 
regarding any transaction, contract, instrument, document, or other 
agreement contemplated by the Plan or the reliance by any Released 
Party on the Plan or the Confirmation Order in lieu of such legal 
opinion) relating to any of the foregoing, created or entered into in 
connection with the Restructuring Support Agreement, the Disclosure 
Statement, the First Lien Credit Agreement, the Senior Secured Notes 
Indenture, the New First Lien Debt Documents, the New Notes 
Documents, the New Common Equity, the New Organizational 
Documents, the Plan, the Plan Supplement, any other Definitive 
Document before or during the Chapter 11 Cases, any preference, 
fraudulent transfer, or other avoidance claim arising pursuant to chapter 
5 of the Bankruptcy Code or other applicable law, the filing of the 
Chapter 11 Cases, the solicitation of votes on the Plan, the pursuit of 
Confirmation of the Plan, the pursuit of Consummation, the 
administration and implementation of the Plan, including the issuance 
or distribution of debt, equity and/or other securities pursuant to the 
Plan, or the distribution of property under the Plan or any other related 
agreement, or upon any other act or omission, transaction, agreement, 
event, or other occurrence related or relating to any of the foregoing 
taking place on or before the Plan Effective Date, other than claims or 
liabilities primarily arising out of any act or omission of a Released Party 
that constitutes actual fraud, willful misconduct, or gross negligence, 
each solely to the extent as determined by a Final Order of a court of 
competent jurisdiction.  Notwithstanding anything to the contrary in the 
foregoing, the releases set forth above do not release any post Plan 
Effective Date obligations of any party or Entity under the Plan, the 
Confirmation Order, any Restructuring Transaction, or any document, 
instrument, or agreement (including those set forth in the Plan 
Supplement) executed to implement the Plan, including the New First 
Lien Debt Documents, the New Notes Documents, the New 
Organization Documents or any Claim or obligation arising under the 
Plan.

Entry of the Confirmation Order shall constitute the Bankruptcy Court’s 
approval, pursuant to Bankruptcy Rule 9019, of the Debtor Release, 
which includes by reference each of the related provisions and 
definitions contained in the Plan, and further, shall constitute the 
Bankruptcy Court’s finding that the Debtor Release is:  (i) in exchange 
for the good and valuable consideration provided by each of the 
Released Parties, including the Released Parties’ substantial 
contributions to facilitating the Restructuring Transactions and 
implementing the Plan; (ii) a good faith settlement and compromise of 
the Claims released by the Debtor Release; (iii) in the best interests of 
the Debtors and all holders of Claims and Interests; (iv) fair, equitable, 
and reasonable; (v) given and made after due notice and opportunity for 
hearing; and (vi) a bar to any of the Debtors, the Reorganized Debtors,

=== page 93 ===
Case 25-10829-CTG    Doc 2    Filed 05/06/25    Page 93 of 101

RELEASE, EXCULPATION, AND INJUNCTION PROVISIONS

or the Debtors’ Estates asserting any Claim or Cause of Action released 
pursuant to the Debtor Release.

Releases by Holders of 
Claims and Interests 
(the “Third-Party Release”)

Except as otherwise expressly set forth in the Plan or the Confirmation 
Order, on and after the Plan Effective Date, in exchange for good and 
valuable consideration, the adequacy of which is hereby confirmed, each 
Released Party is, and is deemed to be, hereby conclusively, absolutely, 
unconditionally, irrevocably and forever, released and discharged by 
each Releasing Party from any and all Claims and Causes of Action, in 
each case on behalf of themselves and their respective successors, 
assigns, and representatives, and any and all Entities who may purport 
to assert any Claim or Cause of Action, directly or derivatively, by, 
through, for, or because of the foregoing Entities, from any and all 
Claims and Causes of Action, including any derivative claims, asserted 
or assertable on behalf of any of the foregoing Entities, whether known 
or unknown, foreseen or unforeseen, matured or unmatured, liquidated 
or unliquidated, fixed or contingent, existing or hereafter arising, in law, 
equity, contract, tort, or otherwise, including any derivative claims 
asserted or assertable on behalf of the Debtors, the Reorganized Debtors, 
or their Estates, that such Entity would have been entitled to assert 
(whether individually or collectively) or on behalf of the holder of any 
Claim against, or Interest in, a Debtor, a Reorganized Debtor, or their 
Estates or other Entity, based on or relating to, or in any manner arising 
from, in whole or in part, the Debtors (including the capital structure, 
business, management, ownership, or operation thereof), the purchase, 
sale, or rescission of any security of the Debtors or the Reorganized 
Debtors, the subject matter of, or the transactions or events giving rise 
to, any Claim or Interest that is treated in the Plan, the business or 
contractual arrangements between or among any Debtor and any 
Released Party, the ownership and/or operation of the Debtors by any 
Released Party or the distribution of any Cash or other property of the 
Debtors to any Released Party, the First Lien Credit Agreement Claims, 
the Senior Secured Notes Claims, cash management arrangements, the 
assertion or enforcement of rights or remedies against the Debtors, the 
Debtors’ in- or out-of-court restructuring efforts, any avoidance actions 
(but excluding avoidance actions brought as counterclaims or defenses 
to Claims asserted against the Debtors), intercompany transactions 
between or among a Debtor or an Affiliate of a Debtor and another 
Debtor or Affiliate of a Debtor, the Chapter 11 Cases, the formulation, 
preparation, dissemination, negotiation, or filing of the Restructuring 
Support Agreement and related prepetition transactions, the Disclosure 
Statement, the First Lien Credit Agreement and any facilities 
thereunder, the Senior Secured Notes Indenture and any facilities 
thereunder, the New First Lien Debt Documents, the New Notes 
Documents, the Plan (including, for the avoidance of doubt, the Plan 
Supplement), any other Definitive Document, or any Restructuring 
Transaction, contract, instrument, release, or other agreement or 
document (including any legal opinion requested by any Entity

=== page 94 ===
Case 25-10829-CTG    Doc 2    Filed 05/06/25    Page 94 of 101

RELEASE, EXCULPATION, AND INJUNCTION PROVISIONS

regarding any transaction, contract, instrument, document, or other 
agreement contemplated by the Plan or the reliance by any Released 
Party on the Plan or the Confirmation Order in lieu of such legal 
opinion) relating to any of the foregoing, created or entered into in 
connection with the Restructuring Support Agreement, the Disclosure 
Statement, the  First Lien Credit Agreement, the Senior Secured Notes 
Indenture, the New First Lien Debt Documents, the New Notes 
Documents, the New Common Equity, the New Organizational 
Documents, the Plan, the Plan Supplement, any other Definitive 
Document before or during the Chapter 11 Cases, any preference, 
fraudulent transfer, or other avoidance claim arising pursuant to chapter 
5 of the Bankruptcy Code or other applicable law, the Filing of the 
Chapter 11 Cases, the solicitation of votes on the Plan, the pursuit of 
Confirmation of the Plan, the pursuit of Consummation, the 
administration and implementation of the Plan, including the issuance 
or distribution of debt and/or securities pursuant to the Plan, or the 
distribution of property under the Plan or any other related agreement, 
or upon any other act or omission, transaction, agreement, event, or 
other occurrence related or relating to any of the foregoing taking place 
on or before the Plan Effective Date, other than claims or liabilities 
primarily arising out of any act or omission of a Released Party that 
constitutes actual fraud, willful misconduct, or gross negligence, each 
solely to the extent as determined by a Final Order of a court of 
competent jurisdiction.  Notwithstanding anything to the contrary in the 
foregoing, the releases set forth above do not release any post Plan 
Effective Date obligations of any party or Entity under the Plan, the 
Confirmation Order, any Restructuring Transaction, or any document, 
instrument, or agreement (including those set forth in the Plan 
Supplement) executed to implement the Plan, including the New First 
Lien Debt Documents, the New Notes Documents, the New 
Organizational Documents or any Claim or obligation arising under the 
Plan.

Entry of the Confirmation Order shall constitute the Bankruptcy Court’s 
approval, pursuant to Bankruptcy Rule 9019, of the Third-Party Release, 
which includes by reference each of the related provisions and 
definitions contained herein, and, further, shall constitute the 
Bankruptcy Court’s finding that this Third-Party Release is:  
(i) consensual; (ii) essential to the Confirmation of the Plan; (iii) given 
in exchange for the good and valuable consideration provided by each 
of the Released Parties, including the Released Parties’ substantial 
contributions to facilitating the Restructuring Transactions and 
implementing the Plan; (iv) a good faith settlement and compromise of 
the Claims released by the Third-Party Release; (v) in the best interests 
of the Debtors and their Estates; (vi) fair, equitable, and reasonable; 
(vii) given and made after due notice and opportunity for hearing; and 
(viii) a bar to any of the Releasing Parties asserting any Claim or Cause 
of Action released pursuant to the Third-Party Release.

=== page 95 ===
Case 25-10829-CTG    Doc 2    Filed 05/06/25    Page 95 of 101

RELEASE, EXCULPATION, AND INJUNCTION PROVISIONS

Exculpation 
Notwithstanding anything contained in the Plan to the contrary, to the 
fullest extent permissible under applicable law and without affecting or 
limiting either the Debtor Release or Third-Party Release, effective as 
of the Plan Effective Date, no Exculpated Party shall have or incur 
liability or obligation for, and each Exculpated Party is hereby released 
and exculpated from any Cause of Action for any claim related to any 
act or omission in connection with, relating to, or arising out of, in whole 
or in part, the Debtors (including the management, ownership, or 
operation thereof), the purchase, sale, or rescission of any security of the 
Debtors or the Reorganized Debtors, the subject matter of, or the 
transactions or events giving rise to, any Claim or Interest that is treated 
in the Plan, the business or contractual arrangements between any 
Debtor and any Released Party, the First Lien Credit Agreement Claims, 
the Senior Secured Notes Claims, cash management arrangements, the 
Debtors’ in- or out-of-court restructuring efforts, intercompany 
transactions, the Chapter 11 Cases, the formulation, preparation, 
dissemination, negotiation, Filing, or termination of the Restructuring 
Support Agreement and related prepetition transactions, the First Lien 
Credit Agreement and any facilities thereunder, the Senior Secured 
Notes Indenture and any facilities thereunder, the New First Lien Debt 
Document, the New Notes Documents, the Disclosure Statement, the 
New Common Equity, the New Organizational Documents the Plan, the 
Plan Supplement, or any Restructuring Transaction, contract, 
instrument, release, or other agreement or document (including any legal 
opinion requested by any Entity regarding any transaction, contract, 
instrument, document, or other agreement contemplated by the Plan or 
the reliance by any party on the Plan or the Confirmation Order in lieu 
of such legal opinion) relating to any of the foregoing, created or entered 
into in connection with the Restructuring Support Agreement, the First 
Lien Credit Agreement, the Senior Secured Notes Indenture, the New 
First Lien Debt Documents, the New Notes Documents, the Disclosure 
Statement, the Plan, the Plan Supplement, before or during the Chapter 
11 Cases, any preference, fraudulent transfer, or other avoidance claim 
arising pursuant to chapter 5 of the Bankruptcy Code or other applicable 
law, the filing of the Chapter 11 Cases, the pursuit of Confirmation, the 
pursuit of Consummation, the administration and implementation of the 
Plan, including the issuance or distribution of debt and/or securities 
pursuant to the Plan, or the distribution of property under the Plan or any 
other related agreement, or upon any other related act or omission, 
transaction, agreement, event, or other occurrence taking place on or 
before the Plan Effective Date, except for Claims related to any act or 
omission that is determined in a Final Order by a court of competent 
jurisdiction to have constituted actual fraud, willful misconduct, or gross 
negligence, but in all respects such Entities shall be entitled to 
reasonably rely upon the advice of counsel with respect to their duties 
and responsibilities pursuant to the Plan. This exculpation shall be in 
addition to, and not in limitation of, all other releases, indemnities,

=== page 96 ===
Case 25-10829-CTG    Doc 2    Filed 05/06/25    Page 96 of 101

RELEASE, EXCULPATION, AND INJUNCTION PROVISIONS

exculpations and any other applicable law or rules protecting such 
Exculpated Parties from liability.

The Exculpated Parties have, and upon Confirmation of the Plan shall 
be deemed to have, participated in good faith and in compliance with 
the applicable laws with regard to the solicitation of votes and 
distribution of consideration pursuant to the Plan and, therefore, are not, 
and on account of such distributions shall not be, liable at any time for 
the violation of any applicable law, rule, or regulation governing the 
solicitation of acceptances or rejections of the Plan or such distributions 
made pursuant to the Plan.

Injunction 
Except as otherwise expressly provided in the Plan or the Confirmation 
Order or for obligations or distributions issued or required to be paid 
pursuant to the Plan or the Confirmation Order, all Entities who have 
held, hold, or may hold Claims or Interests that have been released, 
discharged, or are subject to exculpation are permanently enjoined, from 
and after the Plan Effective Date, from taking any of the following 
actions against, as applicable, the Debtors, the Reorganized Debtors, the 
Exculpated Parties, or the Released Parties:  (1) commencing or 
continuing in any manner any action or other proceeding of any kind on 
account of or in connection with or with respect to any such Claims or 
Interests; (2) enforcing, attaching, collecting, or recovering by any 
manner or means any judgment, award, decree, or order against such 
Entities on account of or in connection with or with respect to any such 
Claims or Interests; (3) creating, perfecting, or enforcing any Lien or 
encumbrance of any kind against such Entities or the property or the 
Estates of such Entities on account of or in connection with or with 
respect to any such Claims or Interests; (4) asserting any right of setoff, 
subrogation, or recoupment of any kind against any obligation due from 
such Entities or against the property of such Entities on account of or in 
connection with or with respect to any such Claims or Interests unless 
such holder has Filed a motion requesting the right to perform such 
setoff on or before the Plan Effective Date, and notwithstanding an 
indication of a Claim or Interest or otherwise that such holder asserts, 
has, or intends to preserve any right of setoff pursuant to applicable law 
or otherwise; and (5) commencing or continuing in any manner any 
action or other proceeding of any kind on account of or in connection 
with or with respect to any such Claims or Interests released or settled 
pursuant to the Plan.

Upon entry of the Confirmation Order, all holders of Claims and 
Interests and their respective current and former employees, agents, 
officers, directors, principals, and direct and indirect affiliates shall be 
enjoined from taking any actions to interfere with the implementation or 
Consummation of the Plan.  Except as otherwise set forth in the 
Confirmation Order, each holder of an Allowed Claim or Allowed 
Interest, as applicable, by accepting, or being eligible to accept, 
distributions under or Reinstatement of such Claim or Interest, as

=== page 97 ===
Case 25-10829-CTG    Doc 2    Filed 05/06/25    Page 97 of 101

RELEASE, EXCULPATION, AND INJUNCTION PROVISIONS

applicable, pursuant to the Plan, shall be deemed to have consented to 
the injunction provisions set forth in this Restructuring Term Sheet and 
the Plan.

=== page 98 ===
Case 25-10829-CTG    Doc 2    Filed 05/06/25    Page 98 of 101

EXHIBIT C

Form of Joinder

The undersigned (“Joinder Party”) hereby acknowledges that it has read and understands the 
Restructuring Support Agreement, dated as of May 6, 2025 (as amended, amended and restated, 
supplemented, or otherwise modified from time to time in accordance with the terms thereof, the 
“Agreement”), by and among the Company Parties and the Consenting Creditors party thereto.  Capitalized 
terms used and not otherwise defined herein shall have the meanings set forth in the Agreement.

1. 
Agreement to be Bound.  The Joinder Party hereby agrees to be bound by all the terms of 
the Agreement, a copy of which is attached hereto as Annex I (as the same has been or may hereafter be 
amended, supplemented, amended and restated, or otherwise modified from time to time in accordance with 
the provisions hereof).  The Joinder Party shall hereafter be deemed to be a “Consenting Creditor” and a 
“Party” for all purposes under the Agreement and with respect to all Company Claims/Interests held such 
Joinder Party and its affiliates.

2. 
Representations and Warranties.  The Joinder Party hereby makes the representations and 
warranties of the Parties and Consenting Creditors set forth in the Agreement to each other Party.

3. 
Notice.  The Joinder Party shall deliver an executed copy of this joinder agreement (the 
“Joinder”) to the Parties identified in Section 13.10 of the Agreement.

[THE REMAINDER OF THIS PAGE IS INTENTIONALLY LEFT BLANK]

=== page 99 ===
Case 25-10829-CTG    Doc 2    Filed 05/06/25    Page 99 of 101

Date Executed:

Name:  
Title:  
Address:  
E-mail address(es):

Aggregate Amounts Beneficially Owned or Managed on Account of:

Revolving Loans

First Lien Term Loans

Senior Secured Notes

Common Shares of WW

Indicative New Takeback Debt Election

□ New Term Loans  □ New Notes

=== page 100 ===
Case 25-10829-CTG    Doc 2    Filed 05/06/25    Page 100 of 101

Exhibit B

Organizational Chart

=== page 101 ===
Case 25-10829-CTG    Doc 2    Filed 05/06/25    Page 101 of 101

Public
Equity

100%

WW 
International, Inc.

US (Virginia)

$1.5M Equity Investment
$5M Equity Investment

50%

91%

W.W.I. European

Obe Fitness

WW NewCo, Inc.

Weekend 
Health, Inc.
US (Delaware)

*The Weight 
Watchers 
Foundation, Inc.

WW Good 
Foundation, Inc.

WW.com, LLC
US (Delaware)

(Virginia)

W Holdco, Inc.
US (Delaware)

Services, Ltd.
US (New York)

US (Delaware)

WW Health 
Solutions, Inc.
US (Delaware)

Mindbody 
(fka Classpass)
US (Delaware)

Has control but not 
ownership of WH of

US (New York)
*Dormant Entity

US
WW 
Foods, LLC
US (Delaware)

TX, PA, CA and NJ

WW North

Legend

9%

America 
Holdings, LLC
US (Delaware)

Borrower under First Lien RCF 
and First Lien Term Loan and 
Issuer of First Lien Notes (US 
entity)

International

Subs

WW Canada

Loan Parties (Guarantors & 
Pledgors) under First Lien RCF, 
First Lien Term Loan, and First 
Lien Notes (each a US entity)

Holdco, Inc.
US (Delaware)

True Partnership; Domestic

True LLC; Domestic

True Partnership; Foreign

Foreign Corporation

Entity in strike-off, dissolution 
or liquidation proceedings

