=== page 1 ===
IN THE UNITED STATES BANKRUPTCY COURT 
FOR THE DISTRICT OF DELAWARE 
 
 
)  
In re: 
) Chapter 11 
 
)  
iROBOT CORPORATION, et al., 1 
) Case No. 25-12197 (___) 
 
)  
 
 
 
Debtors. 
) (Joint Administration Requested) 
 
)  
 
DEBTORS’ MOTION FOR ENTRY OF 
AN ORDER (I) SCHEDULING COMBINED HEARING  
ON (A) ADEQUACY OF DISCLOSURE STATEMENT AND (B) CONFIRMATION  
OF PREPACKAGED PLAN; (II) CONDITIONALLY APPROVING DISCLOSURE 
STATEMENT; (III) APPROVING SOLICITATION PROCEDURES AND FORM 
AND MANNER OF NOTICE OF COMMENCEMENT, COMBINED HEARING,  
AND OBJECTION DEADLINE; (IV) FIXING DEADLINE TO OBJECT TO  
DISCLOSURE STATEMENT AND PREPACKAGED PLAN; (V) APPROVING  
NOTICE AND OBJECTION PROCEDURES FOR THE ASSUMPTION OF 
EXECUTORY CONTRACTS AND UNEXPIRED LEASES; (VI) CONDITIONALLY  
(A) DIRECTING THE UNITED STATES TRUSTEE NOT TO CONVENE  
SECTION 341 MEETING OF CREDITORS AND (B) WAIVING REQUIREMENT OF  
FILING STATEMENTS OF FINANCIAL AFFAIRS, SCHEDULES OF ASSETS AND  
LIABILITIES, AND 2015.3 REPORTS; AND (VII) GRANTING RELATED RELIEF 
The above-captioned debtors and debtors in possession (collectively, the “Debtors”) 
respectfully state as follows in support of this motion (this “Motion”): 
Relief Requested 
1. 
The Debtors seek entry of an order (the “Proposed Order”), substantially in the 
form attached hereto as Exhibit A:  (a) scheduling a combined hearing (the “Combined Hearing”) 
to (i) approve the Disclosure Statement for the Joint Prepackaged Chapter 11 Plan of 
Reorganization of iRobot Corporation and Its Debtor Affiliates (as may be amended, 
 
1  The Debtors in these chapter 11 cases, along with the last four digits of each Debtor’s federal tax identification 
number, are: iRobot Corporation (9335); iRobot US Holdings, LLC (5237); and iRobot Holdings LLC (5307).  
For purposes of these chapter 11 cases, the Debtors’ service address is 8 Crosby Drive, Bedford, MA 01730. 
Case 25-12197-BLS    Doc 14    Filed 12/14/25    Page 1 of 119

=== page 2 ===
 
2 
supplemented, or modified from time to time, the “Disclosure Statement”)2 and (ii) consider 
confirmation of the Joint Prepackaged Chapter 11 Plan of Reorganization of iRobot Corporation 
and Its Debtor Affiliates (as may be amended, supplemented, or modified from time to time, 
the “Prepackaged Plan”);3 (b) conditionally approving the Disclosure Statement; (c) conditionally 
approving the Solicitation Procedures (as defined herein) with respect to the Prepackaged Plan, 
including the forms of Ballots and the Notice of Non-Voting Status (each as defined herein); 
(d) establishing the deadline to object to the adequacy of the Disclosure Statement and 
confirmation of the Prepackaged Plan (the “Objection Deadline”) and the deadline to file a brief 
in support of confirmation of the Prepackaged Plan and reply to any objections (the “Reply 
Deadline”); (e) approving the form and manner of the notice of the commencement of these 
chapter 11 cases, the Combined Hearing, and the Objection Deadline; (f) approving the notice and 
objection procedures in connection with the assumption of Executory Contracts and Unexpired 
Leases pursuant to the Prepackaged Plan; (g) so long as the Prepackaged Plan is confirmed on or 
before February 23, 2026 (the “Schedules and 2015.3 Deadline”), (i) directing the Office of the 
United States Trustee for the District of Delaware (the “U.S. Trustee”) not to convene an initial 
meeting of creditors (the “341 Meeting”) under section 341(a) of the Bankruptcy Code (as defined 
herein), (ii) waiving the requirement that the Debtors file statements of financial affairs and 
schedules of assets and liabilities (collectively, the “Schedules and Statements”), and (iii) waiving 
the requirement that the Debtors file initial reports of financial information in respect of entities in 
which their estates hold a controlling interest (the “2015.3 Reports”), as set forth in Rule 2015.3 
 
2  A copy of the Disclosure Statement has been filed contemporaneously with this Motion. 
3  Capitalized terms used but not otherwise defined herein shall have the meanings ascribed to them in 
the Prepackaged Plan or the First Day Declaration (as defined herein), as applicable. 
Case 25-12197-BLS    Doc 14    Filed 12/14/25    Page 2 of 119

=== page 3 ===
 
3 
of the Federal Rules of Bankruptcy Procedure (the “Bankruptcy Rules”); and (h) granting related 
relief. 
2. 
The following table summarizes the relevant dates requested in this Motion (subject 
to the Court’s calendar):4 
Event 
Date/Deadline 
Voting Record Date 
December 13, 2025  
Commencement of Solicitation 
December 14, 2025  
Plan Voting Deadline  
December 14, 2025 at 11:59 p.m. 
(Prevailing Eastern Time) 
Petition Date 
December 14, 2025  
Mailing of Combined Notice and Notice of Non-Voting 
Status 
Within two (2) business days, or 
as soon as reasonably practicable, 
after entry of the Proposed Order  
Publication Deadline 
Twenty-one (21) days prior to the 
Combined Hearing 
Deadline to Object to Assumption of Executory Contracts 
and Unexpired Leases 
Twenty-one (21) days after 
service of the Combined Notice 
and Notice of Non-Voting Status 
Plan Supplement Filing Deadline 
January 8, 2026  
Plan/Disclosure Statement Objection Deadline and Deadline 
to Return Release Opt-In Forms 
January 15, 2026 at 4:00 p.m. 
(Prevailing Eastern Time)  
Plan/Disclosure Statement Reply Deadline and Deadline to 
File Proposed Confirmation Order and Opt-In Report 
January 20, 2026 at 12:00 p.m. 
(Prevailing Eastern Time), or two 
(2) business days prior to the 
Combined Hearing  
Combined Hearing 
January 22, 2026 or such other 
date as the Court may direct  
 
3. 
Also, summarized below are the attachments and exhibits cited throughout this 
Motion: 
Pleading 
Exhibit 
Proposed Order 
Exhibit A to this Motion 
Combined Notice 
Exhibit 1 to the Proposed Order 
Notice of Non-Voting Status 
Exhibit 2 to the Proposed Order 
Forms of Ballots 
  Exhibit 3-A and 3-B to the Proposed Order 
 
4  To the extent of any conflicts between the dates in this chart and the order approving this Motion (the “Solicitation 
Order”), the Solicitation Order shall control.  
Case 25-12197-BLS    Doc 14    Filed 12/14/25    Page 3 of 119

=== page 4 ===
 
4 
Jurisdiction and Venue 
4. 
The United States Bankruptcy Court for the District of Delaware (the “Court”) has 
jurisdiction over this matter pursuant to 28 U.S.C. §§ 157 and 1334 and the Amended Standing 
Order of Reference from the United States District Court for the District of Delaware, dated as of 
February 29, 2012 (the “Amended Standing Order”).  This matter is a core proceeding within the 
meaning of 28 U.S.C. § 157(b)(2).  
5. 
Pursuant to Rule 9013-1(f) of the Local Rules of the United States Bankruptcy 
Court for the District of Delaware (the “Local Rules”), the Debtors consent to a final order with 
respect to this Motion to the extent that it is later determined that the Court, absent consent of the 
parties, cannot enter final orders or judgments in connection herewith consistent with Article III 
of the United States Constitution. 
6. 
Venue of these chapter 11 cases and this Motion is proper pursuant to 28 U.S.C. 
§§ 1408 and 1409 
7. 
The bases for the relief requested herein are sections herein are sections 105, 341, 
365, 1125, 1126, and 1128 of title 11 of the United States Code, 11 U.S.C. §§ 101–1532 
(the “Bankruptcy Code”), Bankruptcy Rules 1007, 2002, 2003, 2015.3(d), 3016, 3017, 3018, 
3020, 9006, and Local Rules 1007-1, 2002-1, 3017-1, and 9006-1. 
Background 
7. 
On the date hereof (the “Petition Date”), the Debtors each filed voluntary petitions 
for relief under chapter 11 of the Bankruptcy Code.  The Debtors are operating their business and 
managing their property as debtors in possession pursuant to sections 1107(a) and 1108 of the 
Bankruptcy Code.  The Debtors have contemporaneously filed a motion requesting procedural 
consolidation and joint administration of these chapter 11 cases pursuant to Bankruptcy Rule 
Case 25-12197-BLS    Doc 14    Filed 12/14/25    Page 4 of 119

=== page 5 ===
 
5 
1015(b) and Local Rule 1015-1.  No request for the appointment of a trustee or examiner has been 
made in these chapter 11 cases, and no statutory committees have been appointed or designated. 
8. 
On December 14, 2025, the Debtors executed a restructuring support agreement 
(the “Restructuring Support Agreement”) with Shenzhen PICEA Robotics Co., Ltd. 
(f/k/a Shenzhen 3irobotix Co., Ltd.) (“Picea Robotics”), the primary contract manufacturer of the 
Debtors’ robot products, and Santrum Hong Kong Co., Limited (“Picea HK” and, together with 
Picea Robotics, “Picea”), a wholly owned subsidiary of Picea Robotics.  On November 24, 2025, 
pursuant to an Assignment and Assumption Agreement, Picea HK purchased and assumed all of 
the outstanding First Lien Term Loans and, as a result, is the holder of 100% of the First Lien 
Claims (the only holder of secured debt against the Debtors).  Pursuant to the Restructuring 
Support Agreement, Picea HK agreed to vote in favor of the Prepackaged Plan and to support 
confirmation thereof.  The Prepackaged Plan, which reflects the terms of the Restructuring Support 
Agreement, was filed on the Petition Date along with the Disclosure Statement.  Under the terms 
of the Prepackaged Plan, on the Effective Date, in full and final satisfaction of the First Lien 
Claims, Picea HK will own 95% of the New Common Equity in the Reorganized iRobot, and in 
full and final satisfaction of Picea HK’s approximately $74 million General Unsecured Claim 
(the “Picea HK Supply Agreement Claims”) arising against the Debtors under the Picea Supply 
Agreement, Picea HK will own 5% of the New Common Equity in Reorganized iRobot, resulting 
in Reorganized iRobot becoming wholly owned by Picea HK upon the Effective Date of the 
Prepackaged Plan.  Critically, the Prepackaged Plan will, among other things, allow all other 
General Unsecured Claims to be paid in full or otherwise rendered unimpaired, unless otherwise 
agreed to with relevant parties, will not impact the Debtors’ customers or contract counterparties, 
and positions the Debtors upon emergence to execute on their go-forward business plan.  The 
Case 25-12197-BLS    Doc 14    Filed 12/14/25    Page 5 of 119

=== page 6 ===
 
6 
Debtors seek to implement this streamlined and value-maximizing restructuring as efficiently as 
possible. 
9. 
The Prepackaged Plan provides that the Holder of First Lien Claims against the 
Debtors and the Holder of Picea HK Supply Agreement Claims against the Debtors in Classes 3 
and 4—Picea HK—is impaired and entitled to vote on the Prepackaged Plan (together, the “Voting 
Classes”).  On December 14, 2025, the Debtors commenced the solicitation (the “Solicitation”) of 
votes on the Prepackaged Plan from Picea HK in accordance with section 4(a)(2) of the Securities 
Act.  The Debtors established December 14, 2025 at 11:59 p.m. (prevailing Eastern Time) 
(the “Voting Deadline”) as the deadline for the receipt of votes from the Holders of Claims in the 
Voting Classes.  As set forth in the Declaration of Selwyn Perry of Stretto, Inc. Regarding the 
Solicitation and Tabulation of Votes on the Joint Prepackaged Chapter 11 Plan of Reorganization 
of iRobot Corporation and Its Debtor Affiliates (the “Voting Declaration”), filed 
contemporaneously herewith, prior to the commencement of these chapter 11 cases, and in advance 
of the Voting Deadline, Picea HK returned its Ballots accepting the Prepackaged Plan.  Consistent 
with their obligations under the Restructuring Support Agreement, and given that the Debtors have 
sufficient votes in hand to confirm the Prepackaged Plan as of the Petition Date, the Debtors are 
seeking to emerge from these chapter 11 cases on an expedited basis, but without seeking to 
shorten any applicable notice periods under the Bankruptcy Code, Bankruptcy Rules or Local 
Rules in pursuing confirmation of the Prepackaged Plan. 
10. 
A detailed description of the Debtors and their business, including the facts and 
circumstances giving rise to the Debtors’ chapter 11 cases, is set forth in the Declaration of Karian 
Wong in Support of Chapter 11 Petitions and First Day Motions (the “First Day Declaration”), 
filed contemporaneously herewith and incorporated herein by reference. 
Case 25-12197-BLS    Doc 14    Filed 12/14/25    Page 6 of 119

=== page 7 ===
 
7 
The Prepackaged Plan 
11. 
As described in the Disclosure Statement and the First Day Declaration, the 
Prepackaged Plan has the full support of the Debtors’ key stakeholders—Picea HK, their lone 
secured lender and largest unsecured creditor, and Picea Robotics, their primary manufacturer and 
supplier—as evidenced by the Restructuring Support Agreement.  With Picea’s support, the 
transactions contemplated by the Prepackaged Plan will strengthen the Debtors’ balance sheet by 
eliminating their secured debt obligations, materially reducing their General Unsecured Claims, 
and providing operational concessions under the New Picea Supply Agreement that will provide 
meaningful liquidity to the Reorganized Debtors to execute on their business plan post-emergence. 
12. 
The Debtors’ proposed restructuring under the Prepackaged Plan provides, among 
other things, that: 
i. 
Holders of Allowed Other Secured Claims will receive payment in full in 
Cash, delivery of the collateral securing such Holder’s Allowed Other 
Secured Claim, reinstatement, or such other treatment rendering such 
Holder’s Allowed Other Secured Claim unimpaired;  
ii. 
Holders of Allowed Other Priority Claims will receive payment in full in 
Cash or such other treatment consistent with section 1129(a)(9) of 
the Bankruptcy Code, and Allowed Other Priority Claims that arise in the 
ordinary course of the Debtors’ business after the Effective Date will be 
paid in the ordinary course;  
iii. 
Holders of First Lien Claims will receive in full and final satisfaction, 
release, discharge of, and in exchange for, such Allowed First Lien Claim, 
95% of the New Common Equity on the Effective Date;  
iv. 
Holders of Picea HK Supply Agreement Claims will receive, in full and 
final satisfaction, release, discharge, of, and in exchange for, a waiver of 
approximately $74,000,000 of the Prepetition Supply Agreement Claims, 
5% of the New Common Equity.  The remaining outstanding amount of 
approximately $84 million due to Picea Robotics under the Picea Supply 
Agreement shall remain due and owing as of the Effective Date; 
v. 
Holders of Allowed General Unsecured Claims, except to the extent that a 
Holder of an Allowed General Unsecured Claim and the Debtors agree (or 
have agreed) to a less favorable treatment on account of such Claim or such 
Case 25-12197-BLS    Doc 14    Filed 12/14/25    Page 7 of 119

=== page 8 ===
 
8 
Claim has been paid or Disallowed by Final Order prior to the Effective 
Date, each Allowed General Unsecured Claim shall be unimpaired and will 
continue to be paid in the ordinary course of business on and after the 
Effective Date, subject to (including the Bankruptcy Code) all claims, 
defenses, disputes, or Causes of Action the Debtors and Reorganized 
Debtors may have; 
vi. 
Intercompany Claims and Intercompany Interests will, at the Debtors’ 
election, be reinstated or cancelled, released, and extinguished without any 
distribution; and 
vii. 
Holders of Existing Equity Interests (including all related 510(b) Claims) 
will have their interests cancelled, released, and extinguished without 
distribution.  
13. 
Given that Picea HK, the only party entitled to vote on the Prepackaged Plan is 
party to the Restructuring Support Agreement and has returned Ballots accepting the Prepackaged 
Plan—the Debtors submit that the Prepackaged Plan satisfies the requirements of the Bankruptcy 
Code, can be confirmed, and the Debtors have sufficient votes to proceed to confirmation on the 
timeline set forth herein.  The following chart summarizes the Classes of Claims and Interests, 
their status, and voting rights: 
Class 
Claims and Interests 
Status 
Voting Rights 
1 
Other Secured Claims 
Unimpaired 
Not Entitled to Vote 
(Presumed to Accept) 
2 
Other Priority Claims 
Unimpaired 
Not Entitled to Vote 
(Presumed to Accept) 
3 
First Lien Claims 
Impaired 
Entitled to Vote 
4 
Picea HK Supply 
Agreement Claims 
Impaired 
Entitled to Vote 
5 
General Unsecured Claims 
Unimpaired 
Not Entitled to Vote 
(Presumed to Accept) 
6 
Intercompany Claims 
Unimpaired / 
Impaired 
Not Entitled to Vote 
(Presumed to Accept / Deemed to 
Reject) 
7 
Intercompany Interests 
Unimpaired / 
Impaired 
Not Entitled to Vote 
(Presumed to Accept / Deemed to 
Reject) 
8 
Existing Equity Interests 
Impaired 
Not Entitled to Vote 
(Deemed to Reject) 
Case 25-12197-BLS    Doc 14    Filed 12/14/25    Page 8 of 119

=== page 9 ===
 
9 
 
Basis for Relief  
A. 
Scheduling a Combined Hearing 
14. 
The Debtors seek a Combined Hearing to consider approval of the Disclosure 
Statement and the Prepackaged Plan by January 22, 2026.  This request is consistent with the 
practice for prepackaged cases in this district and applicable statutes and rules and will facilitate 
an expeditious reorganization consistent with the dates contemplated by the Restructuring Support 
Agreement.   
15. 
Bankruptcy Rules 2002(b) and 3017(a) require that twenty-eight (28) days’ notice 
be given by mail to all creditors of the time fixed for filing objections to approval of a disclosure 
statement or confirmation of a plan of reorganization, subject to the Court’s discretion to shorten 
such period under Bankruptcy Rule 9006(c)(1).  However, Local Rule 3017-1(a) expands upon the 
notice period provided by the Bankruptcy Rules, and requires thirty-five (35) days’ notice of the 
hearing to consider a proposed disclosure statement.  See Del Bankr. L.R. 3017-1(a).  Section 
1128(a) of the Bankruptcy Code provides that “[a]fter notice, the court shall hold a hearing on 
confirmation of a plan.”  In addition, Bankruptcy Rule 3017(c) provides that “[o]n or before 
approval of the disclosure statement, the court shall fix a time within which the holders of claims 
and interests may accept or reject the plan and may fix a date for the hearing on confirmation.”  
Section 105(d)(2)(B)(vi) of the Bankruptcy Code provides that the Court may combine the hearing 
on approval of a disclosure statement with the hearing on confirmation of a chapter 11 plan.  In 
addition, under Bankruptcy Rule 3020(b)(1), objections to confirmation of a plan must be filed 
and served “within a time fixed by the court.”   
Case 25-12197-BLS    Doc 14    Filed 12/14/25    Page 9 of 119

=== page 10 ===
 
10 
16. 
Here, it is appropriate for the Court to enter the Proposed Order and have the notice 
periods for approval of the Disclosure Statement and Prepackaged Plan run simultaneously 
pursuant to section 105(d)(2)(B)(vi) of the Bankruptcy Code and Bankruptcy Rule 9006(c)(1).  
17. 
First, it is critical to the success of the Debtors’ restructuring that these chapter 11 
cases move expeditiously.  The Restructuring Support Agreement requires that the Debtors meet 
various milestones, including obtaining confirmation of the Prepackaged Plan within 45 days of 
the Petition Date.  Absent conditional approval and a Combined Hearing on the schedule set forth 
below, Picea could terminate the Restructuring Support Agreement, which would unravel the 
value-maximizing transaction that the Debtors have spent months negotiating, and will 
significantly increase the costs of administering and funding these chapter 11 cases.  Second, the 
Debtors already have the votes necessary to confirm the Prepackaged Plan.  Third, the terms of 
the Prepackaged Plan are not overly complex and constitute a debt-for-equity financial 
restructuring for which the relevant parties are already very familiar.  Fourth, the adverse effects 
of the chapter 11 filings upon the Debtors’ business and going-concern value will be minimized, 
and the benefit to creditors maximized, through prompt distributions to Holders of Claims against 
the Debtors.  Such benefits are the hallmarks of a prepackaged plan of reorganization.  Fifth, the 
Holders of Claims and Interests not entitled to vote will not be denied due process because such 
Holders, except as otherwise set forth herein, will receive a Notice of Non-Voting Status (including 
a Release Opt-In Form, as defined below), including notice of the Objection Deadline consistent 
with the requirements of the Bankruptcy Code, the Bankruptcy Rules and the Local Rules.   
18. 
In addition to the reasons set forth above, it is appropriate to enter the Proposed 
Order at this time so parties in interest will be informed, as promptly as possible, of the anticipated 
Case 25-12197-BLS    Doc 14    Filed 12/14/25    Page 10 of 119

=== page 11 ===
 
11 
schedule of events that will occur up to and including confirmation of the Prepackaged Plan at 
the Combined Hearing. 
19. 
The proposed schedule set forth herein is rule-compliant and affords Holders of 
Claims against and Interests in the Debtors and all parties in interest ample notice of these chapter 
11 cases and the Combined Hearing.  Specifically, the proposed schedule provides at least 
twenty-eight (28) days’ notice of the Objection Deadline and thirty-five (35) days’ notice of the 
Combined Hearing.  As a result, parties will have sufficient time to evaluate their rights in respect 
of the Prepackaged Plan prior to the Combined Hearing, and, therefore, no party in interest will be 
prejudiced by the requested relief. 
20. 
Therefore, the Debtors respectfully request that the Court schedule the Combined 
Hearing on January 22, 2026, or as soon thereafter as is practicable in light of the Court’s calendar.  
The Debtors further request that the Proposed Order provide that the Combined Hearing may be 
adjourned from time to time without further notice other than adjournments announced in open 
court or in the filing of a notice or hearing agenda in these chapter 11 cases, with notice of such 
adjourned date(s) to be made available on the electronic case filing docket and the website 
maintained 
by 
Stretto, 
Inc. 
(the 
“Solicitation 
and 
Voting 
Agent”) 
at 
https://cases.stretto.com/iRobot. 
B. 
Conditional Approval of the Disclosure Statement  
21. 
The Debtors also seek conditional approval of the Disclosure Statement pursuant 
to this Motion, with final approval of the Disclosure Statement to be determined at the Combined 
Hearing.   Under section 1125(a) of the Bankruptcy Code, a plan proponent must provide holders 
of impaired claims and interests with “adequate information” regarding a debtor’s proposed 
reorganization, which is defined as: 
Case 25-12197-BLS    Doc 14    Filed 12/14/25    Page 11 of 119

=== page 12 ===
 
12 
information of a kind, and in sufficient detail, as far as is reasonably 
practicable in light of the nature and history of the debtor and the 
condition of the debtor’s books and records, including a discussion 
of the potential material Federal tax consequences of the plan to the 
debtor, any successor to the debtor, and a hypothetical investor 
typical of the holders of claims or interests in the case, that would 
enable such hypothetical investor of the relevant class to make an 
informed judgment about the plan.   
11 U.S.C. § 1125(a)(1). 
 
22. 
Whether a disclosure statement contains adequate information is intended by 
Congress to be a flexible, fact-specific inquiry left within the discretion of the bankruptcy court: 
Precisely what constitutes adequate information in any particular 
instance will develop on a case-by-case basis. Courts will take a 
practical approach as to what is necessary under the circumstances 
of each case, such as the cost of preparation of the statements, the 
need for relative speed in solicitation and confirmation, and, of 
course, the need for investor protection. There will be a balancing 
of interests in each case. In reorganization cases, there is frequently 
great uncertainty. Therefore the need for flexibility is greatest. 
H.R. REP. NO.95-595, at 409 (1977), reprinted in 1978 U.S.C.C.A.N. 5963, 6365.  See also 
Oneida Motor Freight, Inc. v. United Jersey Bank, 848 F.2d 414, 417 (3d Cir. 1988) (observing 
that “adequate information will be determined by the facts and circumstances of each case”). 
23. 
The Disclosure Statement is extensive and comprehensive.  It contains descriptions 
of, among other things, (a) the Prepackaged Plan; (b) the Debtors’ operations; (c) the reasons for, 
and circumstances leading up to, the Debtors’ restructuring; (d) the Debtors’ prepetition 
indebtedness; (e) the Reorganized Debtors’ proposed capital structure; (f) financial information 
relevant to creditors’ determinations of whether to accept or reject the Prepacked Plan; 
(g) securities law matters relevant to the Debtors’ restructuring; (h) a liquidation analysis setting 
forth estimated returns that Holders of Claims and Interests would receive in a hypothetical chapter 
7 liquidation; (i) risk factors regarding the Debtors and the Prepacked Plan; and (j) federal tax law 
consequences of the Prepackaged Plan. 
Case 25-12197-BLS    Doc 14    Filed 12/14/25    Page 12 of 119

=== page 13 ===
 
13 
24. 
For the avoidance of doubt, the Debtors are only seeking conditional approval of 
the Disclosure Statement and are not requesting that the Proposed Order be a determination as to 
the adequacy of the Disclosure Statement.  Rather, such approval will be sought on a final basis at 
the Combined Hearing, and all parties’ rights to object to the adequacy of the Disclosure Statement 
(subject to and in accordance with the deadlines and procedures otherwise set forth in the Proposed 
Order) are reserved.   
C. 
Approval of the Solicitation Procedures and Forms of Solicitation Materials 
25. 
The Court should approve the Solicitation, balloting, tabulation, and related 
activities undertaken in connection with the Prepackaged Plan (collectively, the “Solicitation 
Procedures”).  As set forth below, the Solicitation Procedures comply with the various applicable 
provisions of the Bankruptcy Rules and Bankruptcy Code and should be approved. 
 
1. 
The Debtors’ Prepetition Solicitation Was Exempt from Registration and 
Disclosure Requirements Otherwise Applicable Under Non-Bankruptcy Law 
26. 
Section 1125(g) of the Bankruptcy Code provides:  “[A]n acceptance or rejection 
of the plan may be solicited from a holder of a claim or interest if such solicitation complies with 
applicable nonbankruptcy law and if such holder was solicited before the commencement of the 
case in a manner complying with applicable nonbankruptcy law.”  11 U.S.C. § 1125(g).  
Section 1126(b) of the Bankruptcy Code provides: 
[A] holder of a claim or interest that has accepted or rejected the plan before the 
commencement of the case under this title is deemed to have accepted or rejected 
such plan, as the case may be, if―(a) the solicitation of such acceptance or 
rejection was in compliance with any applicable nonbankruptcy law, rule, or 
regulation governing the adequacy of disclosure in connection with such 
solicitation; or (b) if there is not any such law, rule, or regulation, such acceptance 
or rejection was solicited after disclosure to such holder of adequate information, 
as defined in section 1125(a) of this title. 
 
11 U.S.C. § 1126(b).  Therefore, either prepetition solicitation must comply with generally 
applicable federal and state securities laws and regulations (including the registration and disclosure 
Case 25-12197-BLS    Doc 14    Filed 12/14/25    Page 13 of 119

=== page 14 ===
 
14 
requirements thereof) or, if such laws and regulations do not apply, the solicited holders must 
receive “adequate information” under section 1125 of the Bankruptcy Code. 
27. 
Prior to the Petition Date, the Debtors distributed the Solicitation Packages to the 
Holder of Claims in the Voting Classes and solicited votes on the Prepackaged Plan from such 
Holder.  Because the Prepackaged Plan provides the Holder of Allowed Claims in the Voting 
Classes with distributions that include new securities, the Debtors required that the Holder, prior 
to submitting the Ballots, certify in the respective Ballots that such Holder is (a) a “qualified 
institutional buyer” (as defined in Rule 144A under the Securities Act) or an “accredited investor” 
(as defined in Rule 501(a) of Regulation D under the Securities Act) or (b) located outside the 
United States and is a person other than a “U.S. person” (as defined in Rule 902 under the 
Securities Act) (the “Eligible Holder”).  The Debtors respectfully submit that their prepetition 
Solicitation of the Eligible Holder was exempt from the registration requirements of the Securities 
Act of 1933, as amended (the “Securities Act”), under one or more of the exceptions from 
registration provided thereunder, including section 4(a)(2) thereof, and under one or more 
exceptions under state “Blue Sky” laws, or any similar rules, regulations, or statutes.  Section 
4(a)(2) of the Securities Act creates an exemption from nonbankruptcy securities law for 
transactions not involving a “public offering.”  The Debtors’ prepetition Solicitation does not 
constitute a public offering because it falls within the exemption set out in section 4(a)(2) of the 
Securities Act.   
28. 
Therefore, because the Solicitation Procedures comply with applicable federal and 
state securities laws, the Debtors’ prepetition actions under the Solicitation Procedures satisfied 
the requirements of section 1126(b)(1) and 1126(g) of the Bankruptcy Code.  As noted above, the 
Debtors will seek a final determination from the Court at the Combined Hearing that the solicited 
Case 25-12197-BLS    Doc 14    Filed 12/14/25    Page 14 of 119

=== page 15 ===
 
15 
Holder of Claims received “adequate information” as defined by section 1125(a) of the Bankruptcy 
Code in compliance with section 1126(b)(2) of the Bankruptcy Code. 
2. 
Non-Solicitation of Classes Presumed to Accept or Deemed to Reject 
the Prepackaged Plan 
29. 
The Prepackaged Plan provides that the Holders of Claims and Interests in specific 
Classes are presumed to accept or deemed to reject the Prepackaged Plan (collectively, 
the “Non-Voting Holders”).  Specifically, Holders of Claims in Class 1 (Other Secured Claims), 
Class 2 (Other Priority Claims), and Class 5 (General Unsecured Claims) are unimpaired and are 
conclusively presumed to accept the Prepackaged Plan.  Pursuant to section 1126(f) of the 
Bankruptcy Code, each holder of a claim in an unimpaired class is “conclusively presumed to have 
accepted the plan, and solicitation of acceptances with respect to such class . . . is not required.”  
11 U.S.C. § 1126(f).  Accordingly, each of the Holders of Claims in the above-mentioned 
unimpaired Classes is conclusively presumed to accept the Prepackaged Plan and, therefore, not 
entitled to vote. 
30. 
In addition, the Prepackaged Plan provides that each Holder of Interests in Class 8 
(Existing Equity Interests) is impaired and will receive no distributions under the Prepackaged 
Plan.  Section 1126(g) of the Bankruptcy Code provides that “a class is deemed not to have 
accepted a plan if such plan provides that the claims or interests of such class do not entitle the 
holders of such claims or interests to receive or retain any property under the plan on account of 
such claims or interests.”  11 U.S.C. § 1126(g).  Accordingly, pursuant to section 1126(g) of the 
Bankruptcy Code, Holders of such Interests are deemed to have rejected the Prepackaged Plan 
and, therefore, are not entitled to vote. 
31. 
Similarly, Holders of Claims and Interests in Class 6 (Intercompany Claims) and 
Class 7 (Intercompany Interests) are either unimpaired or not expected to receive any recovery on 
Case 25-12197-BLS    Doc 14    Filed 12/14/25    Page 15 of 119

=== page 16 ===
 
16 
account of their Claims or Interests and, thus, are either conclusively presumed to accept or deemed 
to reject the Prepackaged Plan (as applicable).  Accordingly, Holders of Claims and Interests in 
Classes 6 and 7 are either conclusively presumed to accept or deemed to reject the Prepackaged 
Plan were not solicited. 
32. 
The Debtors are requesting a waiver of the requirement that they mail copies of 
the Prepackaged Plan and Disclosure Statement to any Non-Voting Holder.  See Fed. R. Bankr. 
P. 3017(d) (requiring transmission of court-approved disclosure statement to creditors and equity 
security holders).  The Debtors submit that Bankruptcy Rule 3017(d) does not apply here because 
the Debtors commenced Solicitation of acceptances and rejections of the Prepackaged Plan on a 
prepetition basis and, thus, there was no disclosure statement “approved by the court” to transmit.  
Alternatively, the Court should determine that the Debtors are not required to provide those 
materials to Non-Voting Holders because they are conclusively presumed to accept or deemed to 
reject the Prepackaged Plan by operation of law.  Accordingly, it would be a significant and 
unnecessary administrative burden on the Debtors to transmit the Disclosure Statement and 
Prepackaged Plan to such Non-Voting Holders. 
33. 
In lieu of furnishing each Non-Voting Holder with a copy of the Prepackaged Plan 
and Disclosure Statement, the Debtors propose to send to each Non-Voting Holder, either by email 
at the email address maintained for such Non-Voting Holder in the Debtors’ books and records, or 
by traditional mail where email is unavailable, the Combined Notice, which sets forth a summary 
of the Prepackaged Plan and the treatment of such Non-Voting Holder’s Claims or Interests and 
sets forth the manner in which a copy of the Prepackaged Plan and the Disclosure Statement may 
be obtained.  The Debtors have made the Disclosure Statement and the Prepackaged Plan available 
at no cost on the Solicitation and Voting Agent’s website at https://cases.stretto.com/iRobot.   
Case 25-12197-BLS    Doc 14    Filed 12/14/25    Page 16 of 119

=== page 17 ===
 
17 
34. 
In addition to the Combined Notice, the Debtors propose to send to the (a) Holders 
of Claims in Class 1 (Other Secured Claims), (b) Holders of Claims in Class 2 (Other Priority 
Claims), (c) Holders of Claims in Class 5 (General Unsecured Claims), and (d) Holders of Interests 
in Class 8 a notice of non-voting status (the “Notice of Non-Voting Status”), including a release 
opt in form attached thereto (the “Release Opt-In Form”) at the email address maintained in the 
Debtors’ books and records, or, to the extent that email addresses are unavailable for certain Non-
Voting Holders, the Debtors will mail (or cause to be mailed) the Notice of Non-Voting Status 
(together with the Combined Notice) to such parties by December 18, 2025 at the physical address 
maintained in the Debtors’ books and records.  To provide the tens of thousands of Non-Voting 
Holders in Class 1, Class 2, Class 5, and Class 8 with copies by mail would be an expensive an 
unnecessary administrative burden on the Debtors to transmit such materials.  Additionally, such 
Non-Voting Holders are either unimpaired and conclusively presumed to accept the Prepackaged 
Plan or impaired and deemed to reject the Prepackaged Plan.  With respect to Class 6 
(Intercompany Claims) and Class 7 (Intercompany Interests), the Debtors request a waiver of any 
requirement to serve the Combined Notice, a Notice of Non-Voting Status, or any other type of 
notice in connection with the Prepackaged Plan because such Claims and Interests are held by the 
Debtors’ affiliates (and not individual creditors or interest holders). 
35. 
Accordingly, given the excessive costs of mailing these notices to the Non-Voting 
Holders, and because (a) such customers are unimpaired under the Prepackaged Plan and 
(b) communicate with the Debtors electronically in the ordinary course of business, the Debtors 
believe that service of the Notice of Non-Voting Status and the Combined Notice to the Non-Voting 
Holders as proposed herein will provide an appropriate, efficient and effective means of service.  
The Debtors, together with the Solicitation and Voting Agent, have established the case website 
Case 25-12197-BLS    Doc 14    Filed 12/14/25    Page 17 of 119

=== page 18 ===
 
18 
located at https://cases.stretto.com/iRobot, where, among other things, electronic copies of all 
pleadings, including the Notice of Non-Voting Status and Combined Notice, filed in these chapter 
11 cases shall be posted as soon as practicable, and may be viewed free of charge. 
36. 
The Notice of Non-Voting Status, attached as Exhibit 2 to the Proposed Order, 
contains the full text of the release, exculpation, and injunction provisions set forth in Article VIII 
of the Prepackaged Plan and advises the Non-Voting Holders that they will be deemed to have 
consented to the third-party release provision in Article VIII.D of the Prepackaged Plan only if 
they timely and properly choose to opt-in by submitting a Release Opt-In Form.5  The Notice of 
Non-Voting Status also includes instructions for where the Non-Voting Holders can obtain copies 
of the Prepackaged Plan, Disclosure Statement, and related exhibits such as the valuation analysis, 
financial projections, and plan supplement documents and information generally about 
the Prepackaged Plan and Combined Hearing.  Under the circumstances, the Debtors submit that 
the Notice of Non-Voting Status, including the Release Opt-In Form, is adequate and appropriate 
to provide the Non-Voting Holders notice of their non-voting status and the opportunity to opt into 
the third-party release provision set forth in Article VIII.D of the Prepackaged Plan. 
37. 
Further, the Solicitation Procedures undertaken by the Debtors and described herein 
with respect to the Non-Voting Holders comply with the Bankruptcy Code, the Bankruptcy Rules 
and Local Rules and should be approved.  Accordingly, the Debtors respectfully request that the 
Court approve the Solicitation Procedures with respect to the Non-Voting Classes. 
 
5    The Debtors intend to file a report identifying all persons or entities that timely elected to opt into the third-party 
release provision in Article VIII.D of the Prepackaged Plan no later than 12:00 p.m. (Prevailing Eastern Time) on 
the date that is two (2) business days in advance of the Combined Hearing.  
Case 25-12197-BLS    Doc 14    Filed 12/14/25    Page 18 of 119

=== page 19 ===
 
19 
3. 
Solicitation of Impaired Classes Entitled to Vote to Accept or Reject the 
Prepackaged Plan 
38. 
Only the Holder of Claims in the Voting Classes—Classes 3 (First Lien Claims) 
and 4 (Picea HK Supply Agreement Claims)—was entitled to vote to accept or reject the 
Prepackaged Plan.  The Holder of Claims in the Voting Classes voted its respective Ballots in 
favor of the Prepackaged Plan prior to the Petition Date. 
39. 
Prior to filing these chapter 11 cases, the Debtors distributed the Solicitation 
Packages to the Holder of Claims in the Voting Classes in accordance with sections 1125 and 1126 
of the Bankruptcy Code.  See 11 U.S.C. § 1125(g) (“[A]n acceptance or rejection of the plan may 
be solicited from a holder of a claim or interest if such solicitation complies with applicable 
nonbankruptcy law and if such holder was solicited before the commencement of the case in a 
manner complying with applicable nonbankruptcy law.”).   
40. 
Specifically, on December 14, 2025, consistent with the requirements of the 
Restructuring Support Agreement, the Debtors commenced Solicitation from the Holder of Claims 
in the Voting Classes by transmitting, via electronic mail, copies of the solicitation package 
containing the Disclosure Statement, including the Prepackaged Plan and other exhibits thereto, 
and the Ballots, (the “Solicitation Package”), to the Holder of Claims in the Voting Classes.   
41. 
The Solicitation Package advised the Voting Classes of the Voting Deadline, 
among other things.  The Solicitation Package also advised that the Ballots must be returned to the 
Solicitation and Voting Agent and specified that Ballots must be returned to the Solicitation and 
Voting Agent or in accordance with the instructions received with the Ballots.  The Ballots also 
contain detailed instructions on how to complete them and how to make any applicable elections 
contained therein. 
Case 25-12197-BLS    Doc 14    Filed 12/14/25    Page 19 of 119

=== page 20 ===
 
20 
42. 
Moreover, the materials in the Solicitation Packages establish and communicate 
how the Solicitation and Voting Agent will tabulate the votes and elections contained in the 
Ballots.  Those tabulation rules provide, among other things, that:  (a) a timely, properly completed 
Ballot submitted by a Holder of Claims in a Voting Class supersedes and revokes any prior 
Ballot(s) submitted by that Holder; (b) Ballots that attempt to partially accept and partially reject 
the Prepackaged Plan will not be counted; (c) illegible Ballots will not be counted; (d) Ballots 
containing insufficient information to identify the Holder will not be counted; (e) any form of 
ballot other than the official form of Ballot sent by the Solicitation and Voting Agent will not be 
counted; and (f) Ballots received after the Voting Deadline (provided that such Voting Deadline 
has not been extended) will not be counted.  As specified on the Ballots, any Ballot that is otherwise 
properly completed, executed, and timely returned to the Solicitation and Voting Agent, but does 
not indicate an acceptance or rejection of the Prepackaged Plan, or that indicates both an 
acceptance and rejection of the Prepackaged Plan, will not be counted as a vote in determining 
acceptance or rejection of the Prepackaged Plan.  Furthermore, the Holder of Claims in the Voting 
Classes and its advisors reviewed, commented on and signed-off on the Solicitation Procedures 
and Solicitation Materials, as was required by the Restructuring Support Agreement, prior to the 
commencement of Solicitation.  
43. 
In addition to accepting hard copy Release Opt-In Forms via first class mail, 
overnight courier, and hand delivery, the Debtors request authorization to accept Release Opt-In 
Forms via electronic, online transmissions, solely through a customized online balloting portal 
maintained by the Solicitation and Voting Agent on the Debtors’ case website (the “E-Form 
Portal”).  Parties entitled to opt-in may cast an electronic Release Opt-In Form and electronically 
sign and submit a Release Opt-In Form instantly by utilizing the E-Form Portal (which allows a 
Case 25-12197-BLS    Doc 14    Filed 12/14/25    Page 20 of 119

=== page 21 ===
 
21 
Holder to submit an electronic signature).  Instructions for electronic, online transmission of 
Release Opt-In Forms through the E-Form Portal are set forth on the forms of the Release Opt-In 
Form.  The encrypted ballot data and audit trail created by such electronic submission shall become 
part of the record of any Release Opt-In Form submitted in this manner and the Claim and Interest 
Holders’ electronic signature will be deemed to be immediately legally valid and effective.  The 
E-Form Portal shall be the sole method by which a Holder of a Claim or Interest may submit a 
Release Opt-In Form electronically.   
4. 
The Voting Record Date 
44. 
Bankruptcy Rule 3018(b) provides, in a prepetition solicitation, the holders of 
record of the applicable claims against and interests in a debtor entitled to receive ballots and 
related solicitation materials are to be determined “on the date specified in the solicitation.”  Fed. 
R. Bankr. P. 3018(b).  The Ballots clearly identified December 14, 2025, as the date for 
determining which Holders of Claims were entitled to vote to accept or reject the Prepackaged 
Plan (the “Voting Record Date”). 
5. 
The Voting Deadline 
45. 
Bankruptcy Rule 3018(b) provides that prepetition acceptances and rejections of a 
plan are valid only if the plan was transmitted to substantially all of the holders of claims in the 
same voting class and the time for voting was not unreasonably short.  The Prepackaged Plan was 
transmitted to the only Holder of Claims in the Voting Classes on the date that the Solicitation 
began.  As clearly set forth in the Disclosure Statement and Ballots, the Voting Deadline was 
December 14, 2025 at 11:59 p.m. (Prevailing Eastern Time). 
46. 
As set forth above, to be counted as votes to accept or reject the Prepackaged Plan, 
the Ballots were required to be properly executed, completed, and delivered to the Solicitation and 
Voting Agent so that they were received no later than the Voting Deadline. 
Case 25-12197-BLS    Doc 14    Filed 12/14/25    Page 21 of 119

=== page 22 ===
 
22 
47. 
As set forth in the Voting Declaration, the Holder of Claims in the Voting Classes 
has submitted its Ballots voting in favor of the Prepackaged Plan, having been provided adequate 
time to consider the materials in the Solicitation Package.  Again, the Holder of First Lien Claims 
and Picea HK Supply Agreement Claims was aware of and agreed to the Voting Deadline in 
advance of the commencement of Solicitation to facilitate an expeditious restructuring consistent 
with the carefully negotiated terms of the Prepackaged Plan and Restructuring Support Agreement.  
The Holder of Claims in the Voting Classes and its advisors played an instrumental role in 
negotiating the terms of the Prepacked Plan and Disclosure Statement with the Debtors, and thus 
were familiar with their contents before Solicitation began.  Accordingly, the Debtors submit that 
the one-day solicitation period and the Voting Deadline are sufficient and appropriate under the 
circumstances. 
6. 
Forms of Ballots and Tabulation Procedures 
48. 
Bankruptcy Rule 3017(d) requires that the Debtors use a form of ballot substantially 
conforming to Official Form No. 314.  The Ballots, copies of which are annexed as Exhibits 3-A 
and 3-B to the Proposed Order, are based on Official Form No. 314 and were modified to address 
the particular aspects of these chapter 11 cases and to be relevant and appropriate for the Voting 
Classes.  As set forth herein, the Holder of Claims entitled to vote on the Prepacked Plan was 
transmitted a Ballot for each Voting Class.  The Debtors respectfully submit that the forms of 
Ballots comply with the Bankruptcy Rules and, therefore, should be approved. 
49. 
Contemporaneously herewith, the Debtors filed the Voting Declaration setting forth 
the voting results and certifying to the Court in writing the voting amount and number of Claims 
accepting or rejecting the Prepackaged Plan.  As reflected in the Voting Declaration, the only 
Holder entitled to vote on the Prepackaged Plan returned its Ballots accepting the Prepackaged 
Plan. 
Case 25-12197-BLS    Doc 14    Filed 12/14/25    Page 22 of 119

=== page 23 ===
 
23 
50. 
In consideration of the foregoing, the Debtors submit that the Solicitation 
Procedures are in full compliance with the applicable provisions of the Bankruptcy Code, 
the Bankruptcy Rules, and the Local Rules.  Accordingly, the Debtors respectfully request that the 
Court approve the Solicitation Procedures, including the Ballot and tabulation procedures. 
D. 
Confirmation of the Prepackaged Plan 
51. 
The Debtors believe that the Prepackaged Plan satisfies all of the requirements for 
confirmation under the Bankruptcy Code.  As noted above, the Debtors have requested that 
the Court schedule the Combined Hearing, at which time the Debtors will seek confirmation of 
the Prepackaged Plan.  Before the Combined Hearing, the Debtors will file a brief in support of 
confirmation that, among other things, (a) demonstrates that the Prepackaged Plan satisfies the 
requirements for plan confirmation set forth in section 1129 of the Bankruptcy Code and 
(b) responds to objections to confirmation, if any. 
E. 
Deadline and Procedures for Objections to Final Approval of the Disclosure 
Statement and Confirmation of the Prepackaged Plan 
52. 
Bankruptcy Rule 3017(a) authorizes the Court to fix a time for filing objections to 
the adequacy of a disclosure statement, and Bankruptcy Rule 3020(b)(1) authorizes the Court to 
fix a time for filing objections to confirmation of a plan of reorganization.  Further, Bankruptcy 
Rule 2002(b) requires that at least twenty-eight (28) days’ notice be given by mail to all creditors 
of the time fixed for filing objections to approval of a disclosure statement and confirmation of a 
plan of reorganization.  Local Rule 3017-1(a) similarly requires twenty-eight (28) days’ notice to 
be given to all creditors of the time fixed for filing objections to approval of a disclosure statement.  
See Del. Bankr. L.R. 3017-1(a). 
53. 
The Debtors request that the Court set January 15, 2026 at 4:00 p.m. (Prevailing 
Eastern Time) as the deadline to file objections to the adequacy of the Disclosure Statement or 
Case 25-12197-BLS    Doc 14    Filed 12/14/25    Page 23 of 119

=== page 24 ===
 
24 
confirmation of the Prepackaged Plan.  The proposed Objection Deadline will provide Holders of 
Claims and Interests with sufficient notice of the deadline for filing objections to the Disclosure 
Statement and Prepackaged Plan, while still affording the Debtors and other parties time to file a 
responsive brief and, if possible, consensually resolve any objections received.  The Debtors 
further request that they be authorized to file replies to any timely objections or responses to 
confirmation no later than 12:00 p.m. (prevailing Eastern Time) two (2) business days before the 
Combined Hearing. 
54. 
In addition, the Debtors request that the Court direct that any responses or 
objections to the adequacy of the Disclosure Statement or confirmation of the Prepackaged Plan 
must:  (a) be in writing; (b) conform to the applicable Bankruptcy Rules and the Local Rules; 
(c) set forth the name of the objecting party, the basis for the objection, and the specific grounds 
thereof; and (d) be filed with the Court, together with proof of service.  In addition to being filed 
with the Court, any such responses or objections must be served on the following parties so as to 
be received by the Objection Deadline: 
i. 
the Debtors, iRobot Corporation, 8 Crosby Drive, Bedford, MA 01730 
(Attn:  Gary Cohen, Jeff Engel, Karian Wong, and Kevin Lanouette); 
ii. 
proposed counsel to the Debtors, (a) Paul, Weiss, Rifkind, Wharton & 
Garrison LLP, 1285 Avenue of the Americas, New York, New York 10019 
(Attn:  Paul M. Basta, Esq., Alice Belisle Eaton, Esq., and John T. Weber, 
Esq.) and (b) Young Conaway Stargatt & Taylor, LLP, Rodney Square, 
1000 North King Street, Wilmington, Delaware 19801 (Attn:  Andrew L. 
Magaziner, Esq., Shella Borovinskaya, Esq., and Kristin Cardoza, Esq.); 
iii. 
counsel to Picea, (a) White & Case LLP, 555 Flowers Street. Los Angeles, 
California 90071 (Attn:  Roberto Kampfner, Esq. and Fan He, Esq.) and 
(b) Richards, Layton & Finger, P.A., 920 North King Street, Wilmington, 
Delaware 19801 (Attn: John H. Knight, Esq. and Amanda R. Steele, Esq.); 
and 
iv. 
the U.S. Trustee, 844 King Street, Suite 2207, Wilmington, Delaware 19801 
(Attn: Jonathan W. Lipshie, Esq.). 
Case 25-12197-BLS    Doc 14    Filed 12/14/25    Page 24 of 119

=== page 25 ===
 
25 
55. 
The proposed confirmation schedule is reasonable and appropriate in light of the 
facts and circumstances of these chapter 11 cases.  First, consistent with the Bankruptcy Rules and 
the Local Rules, the Objection Deadline of January 15, 2026, is twenty-eight (28) days following 
proposed service of the Combined Notice and the Notice of Non-Voting Status, assuming that 
service is completed within two days after the Proposed Order is entered as contemplated herein.  
Second, the proposed confirmation schedule is intended to preserve value for the Debtors’ 
creditors by reducing the administrative costs of a drawn-out chapter 11 proceeding.  Given the 
prepackaged nature of these chapter 11 cases and the terms of the Prepackaged Plan, permitting 
the Combined Hearing to take place, as proposed, on January 22, 2026, is essential to the success 
of the reorganization.  Third, the Debtors commenced Solicitation on December 14, 2025, 
approximately six (6) weeks before the requested date for the Combined Hearing.  The Disclosure 
Statement and other solicitation materials were distributed to the Holder of Claims entitled to vote 
on the Prepackaged Plan.  The Debtors also made the Prepackaged Plan and the Disclosure 
Statement available on the Solicitation and Voting Agent’s case website, at no cost, to all parties 
in interest. 
56. 
In these chapter 11 cases, the Debtors have proposed noticing and Solicitation 
Procedures that are consistent with precedent in this district, provide more than sufficient notice 
of these chapter 11 cases and the deadline to file objections to the approval of the Prepackaged 
Plan and the Disclosure Statement, and provided the Holder of First Lien Claims and Picea HK 
Supply Agreement Claims in the Voting Classes sufficient time to vote on the Prepackaged Plan 
(again with such Holder negotiating and approving the form of the Prepackaged Plan, the 
Disclosure Statement, the Solicitation Procedures, and the Ballots).  Accordingly, the Debtors 
request that the Court approve January 15, 2026 at 4:00 p.m., prevailing Eastern Time, as the 
Case 25-12197-BLS    Doc 14    Filed 12/14/25    Page 25 of 119

=== page 26 ===
 
26 
Objection Deadline.  The Debtors further request that the Court approve the Debtors’ proposal to 
require that objections to the Disclosure Statement or confirmation of the Prepackaged Plan meet 
the factors set forth above. 
F. 
Form and Manner of Notice of the Commencement of these Chapter 11 Cases, the 
Combined Hearing, and the Objection Deadline 
57. 
The Debtors propose to serve a notice (the “Combined Notice”), substantially in 
the form annexed as Exhibit 1 to the Proposed Order, on the Debtors’ creditor matrix and all 
interest holders of record, excluding the Debtors and their affiliates.  The Combined Notice sets 
forth (a) the date, time, and place of the Combined Hearing, (b) instructions for obtaining copies 
of the Disclosure Statement and Prepackaged Plan, (c) the Objection Deadline and the procedures 
for filing objections to the Disclosure Statement and confirmation of the Prepackaged Plan, 
(d) procedures in respect of assumption of Executory Contracts and Unexpired Leases, and 
(e) notice of commencement of these chapter 11 cases.   
58. 
In addition, Bankruptcy Rule 2002(1) permits the Court to “order notice by 
publication if it finds that notice by mail is impracticable or that it is desirable to supplement the 
notice.”  The Debtors request that this Court authorize the Debtors, in their discretion, to give 
supplemental publication notice of the Combined Hearing, no later than twenty-one (21) days prior 
to the Combined Hearing, in either the New York Times or USA Today and any other publications 
the Debtors deem prudent, in their sole discretion (the “Publication Notice”).  
59. 
As an additional form of notice to parties in interest in these cases, the Debtors 
intend to post to the Solicitation and Voting Agent’s website various chapter 11 documents, 
including (a) the Prepackaged Plan, (b) the Disclosure Statement, (c) this Motion and any orders 
entered in connection with this Motion, and (d) the Combined Notice.   
Case 25-12197-BLS    Doc 14    Filed 12/14/25    Page 26 of 119

=== page 27 ===
 
27 
60. 
The proposed service of the Combined Notice will provide sufficient notice to all 
parties in interest in these chapter 11 cases of the commencement of such cases, the date, time, and 
place of the Combined Hearing, and the procedures for objecting to the adequacy of the Disclosure 
Statement or the confirmation of the Prepackaged Plan.  In addition, the Publication Notice will 
provide sufficient notice to any person who did not otherwise receive notice pursuant to 
the Combined Notice. 
G. 
Procedures in Respect of the Assumption of Executory Contracts and Unexpired 
Leases 
61. 
The Prepackaged Plan provides that all Executory Contracts and Unexpired Leases 
to which the Debtors are parties shall be deemed assumed by the Debtors, unless such contract or 
lease (a) was previously assumed or rejected by the Debtors pursuant to Final Order of the Court, 
(b) previously expired or terminated pursuant to its own terms or by agreement of the parties 
thereto, (c) is the subject of a motion to reject filed by the Debtors on or before the Effective Date, 
or (d) is specifically designated as a contract or lease to be rejected on the Schedule of Rejected 
Executory Contracts and Unexpired Leases. 
62. 
The Debtors intend to serve the Combined Notice on all non-Debtor parties to 
Executory Contracts and Unexpired Leases, reflecting the Debtors’ intention to assume 
the Executory Contracts or Unexpired Leases in connection with the Prepackaged Plan and 
indicating that the Debtors or the Reorganized Debtors, as applicable, will pay any undisputed 
portion of a Cure Claim, if any, on (a) the Effective Date or as soon as reasonably practicable 
thereafter, for Executory Contracts and Unexpired Leases assumed as of the Effective Date, (b) in 
the ordinary course of the Debtors’ business in accordance with the terms of such Executory 
Contract or Unexpired Lease, or (c) the assumption effective date, if different than the Effective 
Date.  In addition, the Combined Notice provides that in the event of any dispute pertaining to the 
Case 25-12197-BLS    Doc 14    Filed 12/14/25    Page 27 of 119

=== page 28 ===
 
28 
assumption of an Executory Contract or Unexpired Lease, such dispute will be addressed pursuant 
to Article V of the Prepackaged Plan, which provides that the Court will make a determination on 
the dispute before the assumption is effective, or the Debtors (with the consent of Picea) or the 
Reorganized Debtors, as applicable, may settle any dispute without any further notice to any party 
or any action, order, or approval of the Court. 
63. 
The Debtors respectfully submit that the notice of the Debtors’ assumption of 
Executory Contracts and Unexpired Leases, as provided in the Combined Notice, and the 
procedures set forth herein, are appropriate under the circumstances.  Pursuant to the procedures 
proposed by the Debtors, the Debtors will serve the Combined Notice on all applicable 
counterparties to Executory Contracts and Unexpired Leases approximately twenty-one (21) days 
before the deadline to object to assumption of the Executory Contracts and Unexpired Leases. 
H. 
Extension and Conditional Waiver of the 341 Meeting, the Filing of Schedules and 
Statements, and the Filing of 2015.3 Reports 
64. 
The Debtors also request that the Proposed Order provide that (a) the 341 Meeting 
shall not be scheduled by the U.S. Trustee before the Schedules and 2015.3 Deadline (February 
23, 2026), which date is approximately seventy (70) days from the Petition Date, (b) the time for 
filing each of the  Schedules and Statements and the 2015.3 Reports be extended until the same 
date, and (c) if the Prepackaged Plan is confirmed on or before the Schedules and 2015.3 Deadline, 
the 341 Meeting will be waived, and the Debtors will be excused from filing the Schedules and 
Statements and 2015.3 Reports, in each case without further order of the Court. 
65. 
While section 341 of the Bankruptcy Code requires the U.S. Trustee to convene 
and preside at a meeting of creditors, it also provides for the following exception: 
Case 25-12197-BLS    Doc 14    Filed 12/14/25    Page 28 of 119

=== page 29 ===
 
29 
Notwithstanding subsections (a) and (b), the court, on the request of 
a party in interest and after notice and a hearing, for cause may order 
that the United States trustee not convene a meeting of creditors or 
equity security holders if the debtor has filed a plan as to which the 
debtor solicited acceptances prior to the commencement of the case. 
11 U.S.C. § 341(e). The Debtors solicited acceptances of the Prepackaged Plan from the Eligible 
Holder before the Petition Date, and, therefore, the requested conditional relief pursuant to section 
341(e) of the Bankruptcy Code is appropriate here. 
66. 
The Debtors also request that the time for filing the Schedules and Statements and 
the 2015.3 Reports be extended until the Schedules and 2015.3 Deadline, and if the Prepackaged 
Plan is confirmed prior to the Schedules and 2015.3 Deadline, the Debtors request that the 
requirement to file Schedules and Statements and the 2015.3 Reports be waived.  Section 521 of 
the Bankruptcy Code requires a debtor to file schedules of assets and liabilities and statements of 
financial affairs unless the Court orders otherwise.  11 U.S.C. § 521(a)(1)(A)–(B).  These 
schedules and statements must be filed within fourteen (14) days after the petition date unless the 
bankruptcy court grants an extension of time “on motion for cause shown.”  Fed. R. Bankr. P. 
1007(c).  Local Rule 1007-1 extends the time for filing schedules and statements to twenty-eight 
(28) days after the Petition Date when a debtor has more than 200 creditors and files a list of its 
creditors with its voluntary petition.  See Del. Bankr. L.R. 1007-1.  The Court is authorized to grant 
the Debtors further extension “for cause” pursuant to Bankruptcy Rule 1007(c).   
67. 
Similarly, pursuant to Bankruptcy Rule 2015.3, a chapter 11 debtor must file, no 
later than seven (7) days before the date set for the 341 Meeting and no less than every six (6) 
months thereafter, periodic financial reports of the value, operations, and profitability of each 
entity that is not a publicly traded corporation or a debtor in the chapter 11 cases and in which the 
estate holds a substantial or controlling interest.  See Fed. R. Bankr. P. 2015.3(a)–(c).  Bankruptcy 
Rule 9006(b)(1) provides the Court with authority to extend the period of time to file the 2015.3 
Case 25-12197-BLS    Doc 14    Filed 12/14/25    Page 29 of 119

=== page 30 ===
 
30 
Reports “for cause.”  Additionally, Bankruptcy Rule 2015.3(d) provides the Court with the ability, 
after notice and a hearing, to modify the reporting requirements for cause, including that the debtor 
is “not able, after a good faith effort, to comply with those reporting requirements, or that the 
information . . . is publicly available.”  Fed. R. Bankr. P. 2015.3(d). 
68. 
Sufficient cause exists here for such further extension through and including 
the Schedules and 2015.3 Deadline.  The purposes of filing the Schedules and Statements are to 
provide notice to creditors and to disclose information about the debtor to holders of claims.  Here, 
however, the benefits of filing the Schedules and Statements are heavily outweighed by their costs.  
Requiring the Debtors to complete and file the Schedules and Statements would be time 
consuming, distracting to the Debtors’ management, and costly to the Debtors’ estates, while 
providing little benefit to parties in interest in these chapter 11 cases.  No party in interest would 
be prejudiced by the Court granting the Debtors’ request for an extension through and including 
the Schedules and 2015.3 Deadline because the Debtors have proposed the Prepackaged Plan, 
under which trade claims and other general unsecured claims will ride through these chapter 11 
cases unimpaired.  Therefore, the Court should only require the Debtors to file Schedules and 
Statements if the Prepackaged Plan is not confirmed on or before the Schedules and 2015.3 
Deadline. 
69. 
Accordingly, the Debtors respectfully request that the Court waive the requirement 
to file Schedules and Statements, waive the requirement to file 2015.3 Reports, and direct the 
U.S. Trustee not to convene a 341 Meeting unless the Prepackaged Plan is not confirmed on or 
before the Schedules and 2015.3 Deadline. 
Immediate Relief Is Necessary  
70. 
Bankruptcy Rule 6003 provides that the relief requested in this Motion may be 
granted if the “relief is necessary to avoid immediate and irreparable harm.”  Fed. R. Bankr. P. 
Case 25-12197-BLS    Doc 14    Filed 12/14/25    Page 30 of 119

=== page 31 ===
 
31 
6003.  As described above, the relief sought herein is necessary for the Debtors to consummate the 
Restructuring Transactions memorialized in the Prepackaged Plan in a timely and efficient manner, 
thereby preserving and maximizing value for the estates.  For this reason and those set forth above, 
the Debtors respectfully submit that Bankruptcy Rule 6003(b) has been satisfied because the relief 
contemplated by the Proposed Order is necessary to avoid immediate and irreparable harm to the 
Debtors and their estates. 
Waiver of Bankruptcy Rules 6004(h) 
71. 
Pursuant to Bankruptcy Rule 6004(h), “[a]n order authorizing the use, sale, or lease 
of property other than cash collateral is stayed until the expiration of 14 days after entry of the 
order, unless the court orders otherwise.”  Fed. R. Bankr. P. 6004(h).  As provided herein, and to 
implement the foregoing successfully, the Debtors request that the Proposed Orders include a 
finding that the Debtors have established cause to exclude such relief from the fourteen (14)-day 
stay period under Bankruptcy Rule 6004(h). 
Reservation of Rights  
72. 
Nothing contained herein or any actions taken pursuant to such relief requested is 
intended to be or should be construed as:  (a) an implication or admission as to the amount of, basis 
for, or validity of any claim against a Debtor entity under the Bankruptcy Code or other applicable 
nonbankruptcy law; (b) a waiver of the Debtors’ or any other party in interest’s right to dispute 
any claim on any grounds; (c) a promise or requirement to pay any claim; (d) an implication or 
admission that any particular claim is of a type specified or defined in this Motion or any order 
granting the relief requested by this Motion or a finding that any particular claim is an 
administrative expense claim or other priority claim; (e) a request or authorization to assume, 
adopt, or reject any agreement, contract, or lease pursuant to section 365 of the Bankruptcy Code; 
(f) an admission as to the validity, priority, enforceability, or perfection of any lien on, security 
Case 25-12197-BLS    Doc 14    Filed 12/14/25    Page 31 of 119

=== page 32 ===
 
32 
interest in, or other encumbrance on property of the Debtors’ estates; (g) a waiver or limitation of 
the Debtors’, or any other party in interest’s, rights under the Bankruptcy Code or any other 
applicable law; (h) a waiver of the obligation of any party in interest to file a proof of claim; or 
(i) a concession by the Debtors that any liens (contractual, common law, statutory, or otherwise) 
that may be satisfied pursuant to the relief requested in this Motion are valid, and the rights of all 
parties in interest are expressly reserved to contest the extent, validity, or perfection or seek 
avoidance of all such liens. 
Notice 
73. 
The Debtors will provide notice of this Motion to: (a) the U.S. Trustee; 
(b) the holders of the 30 largest unsecured claims against the Debtors (on a consolidated basis); 
(c) the United States Attorney’s Office for the District of Delaware; (d) the Internal Revenue 
Service; (e) the office of the attorney general for each of the states in which the Debtors conduct 
business; (f) the Securities and Exchange Commission; (g) counsel to Picea; and (h) any party that 
has requested notice pursuant to Bankruptcy Rule 2002.  Notice of this Motion and any order 
entered hereon will be served in accordance with Local Rule 9013-1(m).  The Debtors submit that, 
in light of the nature of the relief requested, no other or further notice need be given.  
[Remainder of Page Intentionally Left Blank] 
 
 
Case 25-12197-BLS    Doc 14    Filed 12/14/25    Page 32 of 119

=== page 33 ===
 
33 
WHEREFORE, the Debtors respectfully request that the Court enter the Proposed Order, 
substantially in the form attached hereto, granting the relief requested herein and such other relief 
as the Court deems appropriate under the circumstances. 
 
Dated: December 14, 2025 
 
Wilmington, Delaware  
Respectfully submitted, 
YOUNG CONAWAY STARGATT & 
TAYLOR, LLP 
 
/s/ Shella Borovinskaya 
 
 
 
Sean T. Greecher (No. 4484) 
Andrew L. Magaziner (No. 5426) 
Shella Borovinskaya (No. 6758) 
Kristin L. Cardoza (No. 6871) 
Rodney Square 
1000 North King Street 
Wilmington, Delaware 19801 
Telephone: (302) 571-6600 
Facsimile: (302) 571-1253 
Email:  sgreecher@ycst.com 
amagaziner@ycst.com 
sborovinskaya@ycst.com 
kcardoza@ycst.com 
 
 
- and - 
 
PAUL, WEISS, RIFKIND,  
WHARTON & GARRISON LLP 
Paul M. Basta (pro hac vice admission pending) 
Alice Belisle Eaton (pro hac vice admission pending) 
John T. Weber (pro hac vice admission pending) 
1285 Avenue of the Americas 
New York, New York 10019 
Tel:  
(212) 373-3000 
Fax:  (212) 757-3990 
Email:  pbasta@paulweiss.com 
aeaton@paulweiss.com 
jweber@paulweiss.com 
 
Proposed Counsel to the Debtors and 
Debtors in Possession 
Case 25-12197-BLS    Doc 14    Filed 12/14/25    Page 33 of 119

=== page 34 ===
Exhibit A 
 
 Proposed Order
Case 25-12197-BLS    Doc 14    Filed 12/14/25    Page 34 of 119

=== page 35 ===
 
 
IN THE UNITED STATES BANKRUPTCY COURT 
FOR THE DISTRICT OF DELAWARE 
 
 
)  
In re: 
) Chapter 11 
 
)  
iROBOT CORPORATION, et al., 1 
) Case No. 25-12197 (___) 
 
)  
 
 
 
Debtors. 
) (Jointly Administered) 
 
)  
 
) Ref. Docket No. __ 
 
ORDER (I) SCHEDULING COMBINED HEARING  
ON (A) ADEQUACY OF DISCLOSURE STATEMENT  
AND (B) CONFIRMATION OF PREPACKAGED PLAN;  
(II) CONDITIONALLY APPROVING DISCLOSURE STATEMENT;  
(III) APPROVING SOLICITATION PROCEDURES AND FORM AND  
MANNER OF NOTICE OF COMMENCEMENT, COMBINED HEARING,  
AND OBJECTION DEADLINE; (IV) FIXING DEADLINE TO OBJECT TO  
DISCLOSURE STATEMENT AND PREPACKAGED PLAN; (V) APPROVING  
NOTICE AND OBJECTION PROCEDURES FOR THE ASSUMPTION OF 
EXECUTORY CONTRACTS AND UNEXPIRED LEASES; (VI) CONDITIONALLY  
(A) DIRECTING THE UNITED STATES TRUSTEE NOT TO CONVENE  
SECTION 341 MEETING OF CREDITORS AND (B) WAIVING REQUIREMENT OF 
FILING STATEMENTS OF FINANCIAL AFFAIRS, SCHEDULES OF ASSETS AND 
LIABILITIES, AND 2015.3 REPORTS; AND (VII) GRANTING RELATED RELIEF 
Upon the motion (the “Motion”)2 of the above-captioned debtors and debtors in possession 
(collectively, the “Debtors”) for entry of an order (this “Order”) pursuant to sections 105, 341, 
365, 1125, 1126, and 1128 of the Bankruptcy Code, Bankruptcy Rules 1007, 2002, 2003, 
2015.3(d), 3016, 3017, 3018, 3020, 6003, 6004, and 9006, and Local Rules 1007-1, 2002-1, 
3017-1, and 9006-1 (a) scheduling a Combined Hearing to approve the Disclosure Statement and 
consider confirmation of the Prepackaged Plan, (b) conditionally approving the Disclosure 
Statement, (c) approving the Solicitation Procedures, Combined Notice, and Publication Notice, 
 
1  The Debtors in these chapter 11 cases, along with the last four digits of each Debtor’s federal tax identification 
number, are: iRobot Corporation (9335); iRobot US Holdings, LLC (5237); and iRobot Holdings LLC (5307).  
For purposes of these chapter 11 cases, the Debtors’ service address is 8 Crosby Drive, Bedford, MA 01730. 
2  
Capitalized terms used but not otherwise defined herein shall have the meanings ascribed to them in the Motion. 
Case 25-12197-BLS    Doc 14    Filed 12/14/25    Page 35 of 119

=== page 36 ===
 
2 
 
(d) fixing the Objection Deadline and Reply Deadline, (e) approving the notice and objection 
procedures in connection with the assumption of Executory Contracts and Unexpired Leases 
pursuant to the Prepackaged Plan, (f) conditionally (i) directing the U.S. Trustee not to convene 
the 341 Meeting, (ii) waiving the requirement to file Schedules and Statements, and (iii) waiving 
the requirement to file 2015.3 Reports, and (g) granting related relief, all as more fully set forth in 
the Motion; and this Court having jurisdiction over this matter pursuant to 28 U.S.C. § 1334 and 
the Amended Standing Order; and this Court having found that this is a core proceeding within the 
meaning of 28 U.S.C. § 157(b)(2); and this Court having found that it may enter a final order 
consistent with Article III of the United States Constitution; and this Court having found that venue 
of this proceeding and the Motion in this district is proper pursuant to 28 U.S.C. § 1408; and this 
Court having found that the relief requested in the Motion is in the best interests of the Debtors’ 
estates, their creditors, and other parties in interest; and this Court having found that the Debtors’ 
notice of the Motion and opportunity for a hearing on the Motion were appropriate under the 
circumstances and no other or further notice need be provided; and this Court having reviewed the 
Motion, the First Day Declaration, and having heard the statements in support of the relief 
requested therein at a hearing before this Court (the “Hearing”); and this Court having determined 
that the legal and factual bases set forth in the Motion and at the Hearing establish just cause for 
the relief granted herein; and upon all of the proceedings had before this Court; and after due 
deliberation and sufficient cause appearing therefor, it is HEREBY ORDERED THAT: 
1. 
The Motion is GRANTED as set forth herein. 
2. 
The schedule set forth below is hereby approved: 
 
 
Case 25-12197-BLS    Doc 14    Filed 12/14/25    Page 36 of 119

=== page 37 ===
 
3 
 
Event 
Date/Deadline 
Voting Record Date 
December 13, 2025  
Commencement of Solicitation 
December 14, 2025  
Plan Voting Deadline  
December 14, 2025 at 11:59 p.m. 
(Prevailing Eastern Time) 
Petition Date 
December 14, 2025  
Mailing of Combined Notice and Notice of Non-Voting 
Status 
Within two (2) business days, or 
as soon as reasonably practicable, 
after entry of the Proposed Order  
Publication Deadline 
Twenty-one (21) days prior to the 
Combined Hearing 
Deadline to Object to Assumption of Executory Contracts 
and Unexpired Leases 
Twenty-one (21) days after 
service of the Combined Notice 
and Notice of Non-Voting Status 
Plan Supplement Filing Deadline 
January 8, 2026  
Plan/Disclosure Statement Objection Deadline and Deadline 
to Return Release Opt-In Forms 
January 15, 2026 at 4:00 p.m. 
(Prevailing Eastern Time)  
Plan/Disclosure Statement Reply Deadline and Deadline to 
File Proposed Confirmation Order and Opt-In Report 
January 20, 2026 at 12:00 p.m. 
(Prevailing Eastern Time), or two 
(2) business days prior to the 
Combined Hearing  
Combined Hearing 
January 22, 2026 or such other 
date as the Court may direct  
3. 
The Combined Hearing, at which time this Court will consider, among other things, 
the adequacy of the Disclosure Statement and confirmation of the Prepackaged Plan, will be held 
on January 22, 2026 at __:__ (Prevailing Eastern Time).  The Combined Hearing may be 
adjourned from time to time without further notice other than adjournments announced in open 
Court or in the filing of a notice or hearing agenda in these chapter 11 cases, with notice of such 
adjourned date(s) to be made available on the electronic case filing docket and the website 
maintained by the Solicitation and Voting Agent. 
4. 
Any responses or objections to the approval of the Disclosure Statement or 
confirmation of the Prepackaged Plan must:  (a) be in writing; (b) conform to the applicable 
Bankruptcy Rules and the Local Rules; (c) set forth the name of the objecting party, the basis for 
the objection, the specific grounds thereof and, if practicable, a proposed modification to the 
Case 25-12197-BLS    Doc 14    Filed 12/14/25    Page 37 of 119

=== page 38 ===
 
4 
 
Prepackaged Plan or Disclosure Statement that would resolve such objection; and (d) be filed with 
the Court.  In addition to being filed with the Court, any such responses or objections must be 
served on the following parties (collectively, the “Notice Parties”) so as to be received by no later 
than 4:00 p.m. (Prevailing Eastern Time) on January 15, 2026 (the “Objection Deadline”): 
i. 
the Debtors, iRobot Corporation, 8 Crosby Drive, Bedford, MA 01730 
(Attn:  Gary Cohen, Jeff Engel, Karian Wong, and Kevin Lanouette); 
ii. 
proposed counsel to the Debtors, (a) Paul, Weiss, Rifkind, Wharton & 
Garrison LLP, 1285 Avenue of the Americas, New York, New York 10019 
(Attn:  Paul M. Basta, Esq., Alice Belisle Eaton, Esq., and John T. Weber, 
Esq.) and (b) Young Conaway Stargatt & Taylor, LLP, Rodney Square, 
1000 North King Street, Wilmington, Delaware 19801 (Attn:  Andrew L. 
Magaziner, Esq., Shella Borovinskaya, Esq., and Kristin Cardoza, Esq.); 
iii. 
counsel to Picea, (a) White & Case LLP, 555 Flowers Street. Los Angeles, 
California 90071 (Attn:  Roberto Kampfner, Esq. and Fan He, Esq.) and 
(b) Richards, Layton & Finger, P.A., 920 North King Street, Wilmington, 
Delaware 19801 (Attn: John H. Knight, Esq. and Amanda R. Steele, Esq.); 
and 
iv. 
the U.S. Trustee, 844 King Street, Suite 2207, Wilmington, Delaware 19801 
(Attn: Jonathan W. Lipshie, Esq.). 
5. 
Objections to the Debtors’ assumption of Executory Contract and Unexpired 
Leases pursuant to the Prepackaged Plan must: (a) be in writing; (b) conform to the applicable 
Bankruptcy Rules and the Local Rules; (c) set forth the name of the objecting party, the basis for 
the objection, the specific grounds thereof; and (d) be filed with this Court.  In addition to being 
filed with this Court, any such responses or objections must be served on the Notice Parties so as 
to be received by no later than 4:00 p.m. (Prevailing Eastern Time) on January 8, 2026. 
6. 
Objections, if any, not timely filed and served in the manner set forth above may, 
in this Court’s discretion, not be considered and may be overruled. 
Case 25-12197-BLS    Doc 14    Filed 12/14/25    Page 38 of 119

=== page 39 ===
 
5 
 
7. 
The Debtors shall file their brief in support of confirmation of the Prepackaged 
Plan, which shall include their reply to any objections, no later than January 20, 2026 at 12:00 p.m. 
(Prevailing Eastern Time), or two (2) business days prior to the Combined Hearing.  
8. 
The Solicitation Packages and the Solicitation Procedures utilized by the Debtors 
for distribution of the Solicitation Packages as set forth in the Motion for soliciting acceptances 
and rejections of the Prepackaged Plan satisfy the requirements of the Bankruptcy Code and 
Bankruptcy Rules and are conditionally approved pending final approval through the Confirmation 
Order and the rights of parties in interest to object to the Solicitation Procedures in connection 
with confirmation of the Prepackaged Plan are reserved.   
9. 
The Debtors are authorized to combine the notice of the Combined Hearing and 
notice of the commencement of these chapter 11 cases. 
10. 
The Combined Notice and the Notice of Non-Voting Status (including the Release 
Opt-In Form), substantially in the form attached hereto as Exhibit 1 and Exhibit 2, respectively, 
are approved and shall be deemed good and sufficient notice of the Combined Hearing and no 
further notice need be given; provided that any provision of Bankruptcy Rule 3017(d) requiring 
the Debtors to distribute the Disclosure Statement and the Prepackaged Plan to Non-Voting 
Holders, or any parties in interest other than as prescribed in this Order, shall be waived.  
The Debtors shall cause the Solicitation and Voting Agent to (i) send the Combined Notice by 
electronic mail at the email address maintained by the Debtors where available or by hard copy 
mail where electronic mail is unavailable to all parties entitled to such notice and (ii) send the 
Notice of Non-Voting Status, including the Release Opt-In Form, by electronic mail at the email 
address maintained by the Debtors where available or by hard copy mail where electronic mail is 
Case 25-12197-BLS    Doc 14    Filed 12/14/25    Page 39 of 119

=== page 40 ===
 
6 
 
unavailable, to the Non-Voting Holders set forth in the Motion, no later than two (2) business days 
following entry of this Order or as soon as reasonably practicable thereafter.   
11. 
The Debtors are granted a waiver of the strict notice requirement with respect to 
Holders of Intercompany Claims and Intercompany Interests in Classes 6 and 7. 
12. 
Substantially contemporaneously with the service of the Combined Notice, 
the Debtors shall cause to be posted to the Solicitation and Voting Agent’s website various chapter 
11 related documents, including, among others, the following:  (a) the Prepackaged Plan, 
(b) the Disclosure Statement, (c) the Motion and this Order, and (d) the Combined Notice.  The 
Solicitation and Voting Agent’s website address is https://cases.stretto.com/iRobot. 
13. 
The Debtors, in their discretion, are authorized, pursuant to Bankruptcy 
Rule 2002(l), to give supplemental Publication Notice no later than twenty-one (21) days prior to 
the Combined Hearing, in either the New York Times or USA Today and any other publications the 
Debtors deem prudent, in their sole discretion, which Publication Notice shall constitute good and 
sufficient notice of the Combined Hearing and the Objection Deadline (and related procedures) to 
parties who do not receive the Combined Notice by mail. 
14. 
The Disclosure Statement is conditionally approved as having adequate 
information as required by section 1125 of the Bankruptcy Code without prejudice to any party in 
interest objecting to final approval the Disclosure Statement.  
15. 
The notice procedures set forth herein constitute good and sufficient notice of the 
Combined Hearing, the commencement of these chapter 11 cases, and the deadline and procedures 
for objecting to the adequacy of the Disclosure Statement and the Solicitation Procedures, and/or 
confirmation of the Prepackaged Plan, and no other or further notice shall be necessary. 
Case 25-12197-BLS    Doc 14    Filed 12/14/25    Page 40 of 119

=== page 41 ===
 
7 
 
16. 
The Voting Record Date of December 13, 2025, and the Voting Deadline of 
December 14, 2025 at 11:59 p.m. (Prevailing Eastern Time) are approved.   
17. 
The time within which the Debtors shall file their Schedules and Statements is 
extended through and including February 23, 2026 (the “Schedules and 2015.3 Deadline”), without 
prejudice to the Debtors’ right to seek further extensions of the time within which to file the 
Schedules and Statements, file the 2015.3 Reports, or seek additional relief from this Court 
regarding the filing of, or waiver of the requirement to file, the Schedules and Statements and 
2015.3 Reports, if such additional relief proves necessary.  
18. 
The requirement that the Debtors file the Schedules and Statements is permanently 
waived effective upon the date of confirmation of the Prepackaged Plan; provided that 
the Prepackaged Plan is confirmed on or before the Schedules and 2015.3 Deadline. 
19. 
The 341 Meeting shall be deferred until the Schedules and 2015.3 Deadline and 
shall be waived unless the Prepackaged Plan is not confirmed by the Schedules and 
2015.3 Deadline. 
20. 
The Ballots, substantially in the forms attached hereto as Exhibits 3-A and 3-B, are 
conditionally approved pending final approval through the Confirmation Order and the rights of 
parties in interest to object to the Ballots in connection with confirmation of the Prepackaged Plan 
are reserved. 
21. 
The procedures used for tabulations of votes to accept or reject the Prepackaged 
Plan as set forth in the Motion and as provided by the Ballots are conditionally approved pending 
final approval through the Confirmation Order and the rights of parties in interest to object to such 
procedures and assumptions in connection with confirmation of the Prepackaged Plan are reserved. 
Case 25-12197-BLS    Doc 14    Filed 12/14/25    Page 41 of 119

=== page 42 ===
 
8 
 
22. 
The Solicitation and Voting Agent shall have authority, in its discretion, to contact 
parties who submit a defective Ballot to make a reasonable effort to cure such deficiencies; 
provided that neither the Debtors nor the Solicitation and Voting Agent shall be required to contact 
such parties to provide notification of defects or irregularities with respect to completion or 
delivery of Ballots, nor shall any of them incur any liability for failure to provide such notification.   
23. 
The Debtors (with the consent of Picea) are authorized to make non-substantive 
and immaterial changes to the Prepackaged Plan and Disclosure Statement, the materials in the 
Solicitation Package, the Notice of Non-Voting Status, including the Release Opt-In Form, and 
related documents without further order of this Court. 
24. 
Notwithstanding the relief granted herein and any actions taken pursuant to such 
relief, nothing in this Order shall be deemed:  (a) an admission as to the amount of, basis for, or 
validity of any claim against a Debtor entity under the Bankruptcy Code or other applicable 
non-bankruptcy law; (b) a waiver of the Debtors’ or any other party in interest’s right to dispute 
any claim on any grounds; (c) a promise or requirement to pay any claim; (d) an implication or 
admission that any particular claim is of a type specified or defined in the Motion or any order 
granting the relief requested by the Motion or a finding that any particular claim is an 
administrative expense claim or other priority claim; (e) a request or authorization to assume, 
adopt, or reject any agreement, contract, or lease pursuant to section 365 of the Bankruptcy Code; 
(f) an admission as to the validity, priority, enforceability, or perfection of any lien on, security 
interest in, or other encumbrance on property of the Debtors’ estates; (g) a waiver or limitation of 
the Debtors’, or any other party in interest’s, rights under the Bankruptcy Code or any other 
applicable law; (h) a waiver of the obligation of any party in interest to file a proof of claim; or 
(i) a concession by the Debtors that any liens (contractual, common law, statutory, or otherwise) 
Case 25-12197-BLS    Doc 14    Filed 12/14/25    Page 42 of 119

=== page 43 ===
 
9 
 
that may be satisfied pursuant to the relief requested in the Motion are valid, and the rights of all 
parties in interest are expressly reserved to contest the extent, validity, or perfection or seek 
avoidance of all such liens. 
25. 
All time periods set forth in this Order shall be deemed to meet the statutory 
requirements or are hereby altered in accordance with Bankruptcy Rule 9006(a).  
26. 
Bankruptcy Rule 6003(b) has been satisfied because the relief granted hereby is 
necessary to avoid immediate and irreparable harm to the Debtors. 
27. 
Notwithstanding Bankruptcy Rule 6004(h), the terms and conditions of this Order 
are immediately effective and enforceable upon its entry. 
28. 
The Debtors and the Solicitation and Voting Agent are authorized to take all actions 
necessary to effectuate the relief granted in this Order in accordance with the Motion. 
29. 
This Court retains jurisdiction with respect to all matters arising from or related to 
the implementation, interpretation, and enforcement of this Order. 
Case 25-12197-BLS    Doc 14    Filed 12/14/25    Page 43 of 119

=== page 44 ===
 
 
Exhibit 1 
Combined Notice 
Case 25-12197-BLS    Doc 14    Filed 12/14/25    Page 44 of 119

=== page 45 ===
 
 
IN THE UNITED STATES BANKRUPTCY COURT 
FOR THE DISTRICT OF DELAWARE 
 
 
)  
In re: 
) Chapter 11 
 
)  
iROBOT CORPORATION, et al., 1 
) Case No. 25-12197 (___) 
 
)  
 
 
 
Debtors. 
) (Jointly Administered) 
 
)  
 
NOTICE OF COMMENCEMENT OF CASES  
UNDER CHAPTER 11 OF THE BANKRUPTCY CODE 
-AND-  
SUMMARY OF JOINT PREPACKAGED  
CHAPTER 11 PLAN AND NOTICE OF HEARING TO CONSIDER  
(A) ADEQUACY OF DISCLOSURE STATEMENT; (B) CONFIRMATION  
OF PLAN OF REORGANIZATION; AND (C) RELATED MATERIALS 
PLEASE TAKE NOTICE THAT: 
1. 
On December 14, 2025 (the “Petition Date”), iRobot Corporation and its debtor 
subsidiaries, as debtors and debtors in possession (collectively, the “Debtors”), each commenced 
a case under chapter 11 of title 11 of the United States Code (the “Bankruptcy Code”) in the United 
States Bankruptcy Court for the District of Delaware (the “Court”).   
2. 
On the Petition Date, the Debtors filed the Joint Prepackaged Chapter 11 Plan of 
Reorganization of iRobot Corporation and Its Debtor Affiliates, dated as of December 14, 2025 
[Docket No. [●]] (as it may be amended, supplemented, or modified from time to time, the 
“Prepackaged Plan”),2 and a disclosure statement for the Prepackaged Plan, dated as of December 
14, 2025 [Docket No. [●]] (as it may be amended, supplemented, or modified from time to time, 
the “Disclosure Statement”) pursuant to sections 1125 and 1126(b) of the Bankruptcy Code.  On 
[●], 2025, the Court entered an order conditionally approving the Disclosure Statement as having 
adequate information under section 1125 of the Bankruptcy Code without prejudice to any party 
in interest objecting to the Disclosure Statement at the Combined Hearing (as defined below).  
Copies of the Prepackaged Plan and Disclosure Statement may be obtained free of charge by 
visiting the website maintained by the Solicitation and Voting Agent, Stretto, Inc., at 
https://cases.stretto.com/iRobot.  Copies of the Prepackaged Plan and Disclosure Statement may 
 
1  The Debtors in these chapter 11 cases, along with the last four digits of each Debtor’s federal tax identification 
number, are: iRobot Corporation (9335); iRobot US Holdings, LLC (5237); and iRobot Holdings LLC (5307).  
For purposes of these chapter 11 cases, the Debtors’ service address is 8 Crosby Drive, Bedford, MA 01730. 
2    Capitalized terms used but not otherwise defined herein shall have the meanings ascribed to them in the 
Prepackaged Plan. 
Case 25-12197-BLS    Doc 14    Filed 12/14/25    Page 45 of 119

=== page 46 ===
 
2 
 
also be obtained by calling (833) 228-5389  (Domestic Toll-Free) or (949) 590-3576  
(International). 
Information Regarding Prepackaged Plan 
3. 
On December 14, 2025, the Debtors commenced solicitation of votes to accept 
the Prepackaged Plan from the Holder of record, as of December 13, 2025 (the “Voting Record 
Date”), of Claims in Class 3 and Class 4 (together, the “Voting Classes”) via electronic mail.  Prior 
to the Petition Date, the Holder of Claims in the Voting Classes returned Ballots voting to accept 
the Prepackaged Plan.  All other Classes of Claims and Interests are either presumed to accept or 
deemed to reject the Prepackaged Plan and, therefore, are not entitled to vote.  The deadline for the 
submission of votes to accept or reject the Prepackaged Plan was December 14, 2025 at 11:59 p.m. 
(Prevailing Eastern Time). 
4. 
A combined hearing to consider compliance with the Bankruptcy Code’s disclosure 
requirements and any objections thereto and to consider confirmation of the Prepackaged Plan and 
any objections thereto will be held before the Honorable [●], United States Bankruptcy Judge, in 
Courtroom [●] of the United States Bankruptcy Court, 824 North Market Street, Wilmington, 
Delaware 19801, on January 22, 2026 at [●] [a.m./p.m.] (Prevailing Eastern Time) or as soon 
thereafter as counsel may be heard (the “Combined Hearing”).  The Combined Hearing may be 
adjourned from time to time without further notice other than by filing a notice or agenda on the 
Court’s docket indicating such adjournment and/or an announcement of the adjourned date or dates 
at the Combined Hearing.  The adjourned date or dates will be available on the electronic case filing 
docket and the Solicitation and Voting Agent’s website at https://cases.stretto.com/iRobot.   
5. 
The deadline for filing objections to the adequacy of the Disclosure Statement or 
confirmation of the Prepackaged Plan is January 15, 2026 at 4:00 p.m. (Prevailing Eastern Time) 
(the “Objection Deadline”).  Any objections to the Disclosure Statement and/or the Prepackaged 
Plan must: (a) be in writing, (b) conform to the applicable Bankruptcy Rules and Local Rules, 
(c) set forth the name of the objecting party, the basis for the objection, the specific grounds thereof 
and, if practicable, a proposed modification to the Prepackaged Plan or Disclosure Statement that 
would resolve such objection, and (d) be filed with the Court.   
6. 
In addition to being filed with the Clerk of the Court, any such objections should be 
served upon the following parties (the “Notice Parties”) so as to be received by the Objection 
Deadline:  
i. 
the Debtors, iRobot Corporation, 8 Crosby Drive, Bedford, MA 01730 
(Attn:  Gary Cohen, Jeff Engel, Karian Wong, and Kevin Lanouette); 
ii. 
proposed counsel to the Debtors, (a) Paul, Weiss, Rifkind, Wharton & 
Garrison LLP, 1285 Avenue of the Americas, New York, New York 10019 
(Attn:  Paul M. Basta, Esq., Alice Belisle Eaton, Esq., and John T. Weber, 
Esq.) and (b) Young Conaway Stargatt & Taylor, LLP, Rodney Square, 
1000 North King Street, Wilmington, Delaware 19801 (Attn:  Andrew L. 
Magaziner, Esq., Shella Borovinskaya, Esq., and Kristin Cardoza, Esq.); 
iii. 
counsel to Picea, (a) White & Case LLP, 555 Flowers Street. Los Angeles, 
California 90071 (Attn:  Roberto Kampfner, Esq. and Fan He, Esq.) and 
Case 25-12197-BLS    Doc 14    Filed 12/14/25    Page 46 of 119

=== page 47 ===
 
3 
 
(b) Richards, Layton & Finger, P.A., 920 North King Street, Wilmington, 
Delaware 19801 (Attn: John H. Knight, Esq. and Amanda R. Steele, Esq.); 
and 
iv. 
the U.S. Trustee, 844 King Street, Suite 2207, Wilmington, Delaware 19801 
(Attn.: Jonathan W. Lipshie, Esq.). 
UNLESS AN OBJECTION IS TIMELY FILED AND SERVCED IN ACCORDANCE 
WITH THIS NOTICE (THIS “COMBINED NOTICE”), IT MAY NOT BE CONSIDERED 
BY THE COURT. 
Notice of Assumption of Executory Contracts and 
Unexpired Leases of Debtors and Related Procedures 
7. 
Please take notice that, in accordance with Article V of the Prepackaged Plan and 
sections 365 and 1123 of the Bankruptcy Code, all Executory Contracts and Unexpired Leases to 
which any of the Debtors are a party shall be deemed assumed, without the need for any further 
notice to or action, Order, or approval of the Bankruptcy Court, as of the Effective Date, unless 
such Executory Contract or Unexpired Lease: (a) was previously assumed or rejected by the 
Debtors, pursuant to an Order of the Bankruptcy Court; (b) previously expired or terminated 
pursuant to its terms; (c) is the subject of a motion to reject Filed on or before the Effective Date; 
or (d) is specifically designated as a contract or lease to be rejected on the Schedule of Rejected 
Executory Contracts and Unexpired Leases.  The Debtors (with the consent of Picea) reserve the 
right to alter, amend, modify, or supplement the Schedule of Rejected Executory Contracts and 
Unexpired Leases, including to add or remove any Executory Contracts and Unexpired Leases, at 
any time up to and including forty-five (45) days after the Effective Date.   
8. 
Any monetary amounts by which any Executory Contract or Unexpired Lease to 
be assumed under the Prepackaged Plan is in default (a “Cure Amount”) shall be satisfied, pursuant 
to section 365(b)(1) of the Bankruptcy Code, by payment of the undisputed portion of the Cure 
Amount, if any, in Cash on (a) the Effective Date or as soon as reasonably practicable thereafter; 
for Executory Contracts and Unexpired Leases assumed as of the Effective Date, (b) in the ordinary 
course of the Debtors’ business in accordance with the terms of such Executory Contract or 
Unexpired Lease; or (c) the assumption effective date, if different than the Effective Date.  If you 
believe that any Cure Amounts are due by the Debtors in connection with the assumption of your 
contract or unexpired lease, you should assert such Cure Amounts against the Debtors in the 
ordinary course of business. 
9. 
To the extent that you object to the assumption or assumption and assignment of an 
Executory Contract or Unexpired Lease on any basis, including (a) any Cure Amount, (b) the 
ability of the Debtors to provide adequate assurance of future performance (within the meaning of 
section 365 of the Bankruptcy Code) under such contract or lease to be assumed, or (c) any other 
matter pertaining to assumption, you must (i) file with the Bankruptcy Court a written objection 
(the “Objection”) that complies with the Bankruptcy Rules and the Local Rules and sets forth 
(A) the basis for such Objection and specific grounds therefor and (B) the name and contact 
information of the person authorized to resolve such Objection, and (ii) serve the same on the 
parties listed above, so that such Objection is actually received no later than January 8, 2026. 
Case 25-12197-BLS    Doc 14    Filed 12/14/25    Page 47 of 119

=== page 48 ===
 
4 
 
10. 
If no Objection is timely received with respect to the assumption of an 
Executory Contract or Unexpired Lease to which you are a party, you will be deemed to have 
assented to such assumption or assumption and assignment and any objection shall be 
Disallowed and forever barred, estopped, and enjoined from assertion, and shall not be 
enforceable against any Reorganized Debtor, without the need for any response by the 
Reorganized Debtors or any other party in interest or any further notice to or action, order, 
or approval of the Court.   
11. 
The Debtors request that, before filing an Objection, you contact the Debtors 
prior to the Objection Deadline to attempt to resolve such dispute consensually.  The Debtors’ 
contact for such matters is (a) Paul, Weiss, Rifkind, Wharton & Garrison LLP, 1285 Avenue of 
the Americas, New York, New York 10019, Attn.:  Paul M. Basta, Esq. (pbasta@paulweiss.com), 
Alice 
Belisle 
Eaton, 
Esq. 
(aeaton@paulweiss.com), 
and 
John T. 
Weber, 
Esq. 
(jweber@paulweiss.com); and (b) Young Conaway Stargatt & Taylor, LLP, Rodney Square, 1000 
North King Street, Wilmington, Delaware 19801, Attn.:  Andrew L. Magaziner, Esq. 
(amagaziner@ycst.com), Shella Borovinskaya, Esq. (sborovinskaya@ycst.com), and Kristin L. 
Cardoza, Esq. (kcardoza@ycst.com).  If such dispute cannot be resolved consensually prior to the 
Objection Deadline (as the same may be extended by agreement of the Debtors), you must file and 
serve an Objection as set forth herein to preserve your right to object.  
12. 
If a timely Objection is filed and served in accordance with this notice pertaining 
to assumption or assumption and assignment of an Executory Contract or Unexpired Lease, and 
cannot be otherwise resolved by the parties pursuant to Article V of the Prepackaged Plan, the 
Court may hear such Objection at a date set by the Court. 
13. 
In the event of a dispute regarding (a) the Cure Amount, (b) the ability of the 
Reorganized Debtors or any assignee to provide “adequate assurance of future performance” 
(within the meaning of section 365 of the Bankruptcy Code) under the Executory Contract or 
Unexpired Lease to be assumed, or (c) any other matter pertaining to assumption, the Cure Amount 
payments required by section 365(b)(1) of the Bankruptcy Code shall be made following the entry 
of a Final Order or orders resolving the dispute and approving the assumption; provided that 
the Debtors (with the consent of Picea) or the Reorganized Debtors, as applicable, may settle any 
such dispute without any further notice to, or action, Order, or approval of, the Court or any other 
Entity. 
14. 
To the maximum extent permitted by law, to the extent any provision in any 
Executory Contract or Unexpired Lease assumed pursuant to the Prepackaged Plan restricts or 
prevents, or purports to restrict or prevent, or is breached or deemed breached by, the assumption 
of such Executory Contract or Unexpired Lease (including any “change of control” provision), 
then such provision shall be deemed modified such that the transactions contemplated by the 
Prepackaged Plan shall not entitle the party thereto to terminate such Executory Contract or 
Unexpired Lease or to exercise any other rights with respect thereto.   
15. 
Unless otherwise provided in the Prepackaged Plan or the Confirmation Order, all 
Executory Contracts and Unexpired Leases that are assumed or assumed and assigned shall include 
all exhibits, schedules, modifications, amendments, supplements, restatements, or other 
agreements that in any manner affect such Executory Contracts and Unexpired Leases, and affect 
Executory Contracts and Unexpired Leases related thereto, if any, including easements, licenses, 
permits, rights, privileges, immunities, options, rights of first refusal, and any other interests, 
Case 25-12197-BLS    Doc 14    Filed 12/14/25    Page 48 of 119

=== page 49 ===
 
5 
 
unless any of the foregoing agreements has been previously rejected or repudiated or is rejected or 
repudiated under the Prepackaged Plan or the Confirmation Order. 
16. 
Modifications, amendments, supplements, and restatements to prepetition 
Executory Contracts and Unexpired Leases that have been executed by the Debtors during these 
chapter 11 cases shall not be deemed to alter (a) the prepetition nature of such Executory Contracts 
and Unexpired Leases or (b) the validity, priority, or amount of any Claims that may arise in 
connection therewith, except as set forth under the express terms of any such modification, 
amendment, supplement, or restatement. 
17. 
Unless otherwise provided by a Final Order of the Court, all Proofs of Claim with 
respect to Claims arising from the rejection of Executory Contracts or Unexpired Leases, including 
Lease Rejection Claims, pursuant to the Prepackaged Plan or the Confirmation Order, if any, must 
be Filed with the Bankruptcy Court within 30 days after the later of (1) entry of an Order of the 
Bankruptcy Court (including the Confirmation Order) approving such rejection and (2) the 
effective date of such rejection.  Any Claims arising from the rejection of an Executory 
Contract or Unexpired Lease not Filed with the Bankruptcy Court within such time shall be 
Disallowed, forever barred from assertion, and shall not be enforceable against the Debtors 
or the Reorganized Debtors, the Estates, or their property.  All Claims arising from the 
rejection by any Debtor of any Executory Contract or Unexpired Lease, including Lease Rejection 
Claims, pursuant to section 365 of the Bankruptcy Code shall be treated as General Unsecured 
Claim pursuant to Article III of the Prepackaged Plan and may be objected to in accordance with 
the provisions of Article VI of the Prepackaged Plan and the applicable provisions of the 
Bankruptcy Code and Bankruptcy Rules.  
UNLESS AN OBJECTION IS TIMELY SERVED AND FILED IN ACCORDANCE WITH 
THIS COMBINED NOTICE, IT MAY NOT BE CONSIDERED BY THE COURT. 
If you have questions about this Combined Notice, please contact  
Stretto, Inc.  
Telephone:  (833) 228-5389 (Domestic Toll-Free) or (949) 590-3576 (International) 
Website:  https://cases.stretto.com/iRobot 
Summary of the Prepackaged Plan3 
The following chart summarizes the treatment provided by the Prepackaged Plan to each 
class of Claims against and Interests in the Debtors, and indicates the voting status of each class. 
Class 
Claims or 
Interests 
Treatment 
Impaired or 
Unimpaired 
Entitlement  
to Vote 
Projected 
Recoveries 
1 
Other 
Secured 
Claims4 
Each Holder of an Allowed Other Secured Claim 
shall receive, at the option of the Debtors or 
Reorganized Debtors, as applicable: (1) payment 
in full in Cash of such Holder’s Allowed Other 
Unimpaired Not Entitled 
to Vote 
100% 
 
3  
The descriptions contained herein are summaries of the provision contained in the Prepackaged Plan and the 
Disclosure Statement and do not purport to be precise or complete statements of all the terms and provisions of 
the Prepackaged Plan or documents referred to therein.  For a more detailed description of the Prepackaged Plan, 
please refer to the Disclosure Statement.  
4  “Other Secured Claims” means any Secured Claim that is not a First Lien Claim. 
Case 25-12197-BLS    Doc 14    Filed 12/14/25    Page 49 of 119

=== page 50 ===
 
6 
 
Class 
Claims or 
Interests 
Treatment 
Impaired or 
Unimpaired 
Entitlement  
to Vote 
Projected 
Recoveries 
Secured Claim; (2) delivery of the collateral 
securing such Holder’s Allowed Other Secured 
Claim; (3) Reinstatement of such Holder’s 
Allowed Other Secured Claim; or (4) such other 
treatment rendering such Holder’s Allowed Other 
Secured Claim Unimpaired in accordance with 
section 1124 of the Bankruptcy Code. 
(Presumed 
to Accept) 
2 
Other 
Priority 
Claims5 
Each Holder of an Allowed Other Priority Claim 
shall receive payment in full in Cash of such 
Holder’s Allowed Other Priority Claim or such 
other treatment in a manner consistent with the 
provisions of section 1129(a)(9) of the Bankruptcy 
Code.  Allowed Other Priority Claims that arise in 
the ordinary course of the Debtors’ business and 
which are not due and payable on or before the 
Effective Date shall be paid in the ordinary course 
of business in accordance with the terms thereof. 
Unimpaired 
Not Entitled 
to Vote 
(Presumed 
to Accept) 
100% 
3 
First Lien 
Claims 
On the Effective Date, Picea HK, as the Holder of 
100% of the outstanding Allowed First Lien 
Claims, shall receive in full and final satisfaction, 
release, discharge of, and in exchange for, such 
Allowed First Lien Claim, 95% of the New 
Common Equity. 
Impaired 
Entitled to 
Vote 
58.6% 
4 
Picea HK 
Supply 
Agreement 
Claims 
On the Effective Date, Picea HK, as the Holder of 
100% of the outstanding Allowed Picea HK 
Supply Agreement Claims, shall receive, in full 
and final satisfaction, release, discharge of, and in 
exchange for, such Allowed Picea HK Supply 
Agreement Claims, 5% of the New Common 
Equity. The remaining outstanding amount of 
approximately $84 million due to Picea Robotics 
under the Picea Supply Agreement shall remain 
due and owing as of the Effective Date. 
Impaired 
Entitled to 
Vote 
8.0% 
5 
General 
Unsecured 
Claims6 
Except to the extent that a Holder of an Allowed 
General Unsecured Claim and the Debtors agrees 
to a less favorable treatment on account of such 
Claim or such Claim has been paid or Disallowed 
by Final Order prior to the Effective Date, on and 
after the Effective Date, each Allowed General 
Unsecured Claim shall be Unimpaired and the 
Reorganized Debtors shall continue to pay or treat 
each Allowed General Unsecured Claim in the 
ordinary course of business, subject to (including 
under the Bankruptcy Code) all claims, defenses, 
Unimpaired 
Not Entitled 
to Vote 
(Presumed 
to Accept) 
100%  
 
5  
“Other Priority Claims” means any Claim entitled to priority in right of payment under section 507(a) of the 
Bankruptcy Code, to the extent such Claim has not already been paid during the Chapter 11 Cases, other than: 
(a) an Administrative Claim; or (b) a Priority Tax Claim. 
6  
“General Unsecured Claims” means any Claim against a Debtor that is not a First Lien Claim, an Administrative 
Claim, a Priority Tax Claim, an Other Secured Claim, an Other Priority Claim, an Intercompany Claim, or any 
510(b) Claim.  For the avoidance of doubt, General Unsecured Claims shall include any Lease Rejection Claims 
or 510(b) Claim related to the foregoing.   
Case 25-12197-BLS    Doc 14    Filed 12/14/25    Page 50 of 119

=== page 51 ===
 
7 
 
Class 
Claims or 
Interests 
Treatment 
Impaired or 
Unimpaired 
Entitlement  
to Vote 
Projected 
Recoveries 
disputes, or Causes of Action the Debtors and 
Reorganized Debtors may have with respect to 
such Claims, including as provided in Article IV.O 
of the Prepackaged Plan; provided, that Allowed 
Lease Rejection Claims shall be paid in full on the 
Effective Date or as soon as reasonably practicable 
thereafter. 
6 
Intercompany 
Claims7 
On the Effective Date, at the Debtors’ election, 
each Holder of an Intercompany Claims shall have 
its Intercompany Claim Reinstated, or cancelled, 
released, 
and 
extinguished 
without 
any 
distribution.   
Unimpaired / 
Impaired 
Not Entitled 
to Vote 
(Presumed 
to Accept / 
Deemed to 
Reject) 
100% / 0% 
7 
Intercompany 
Interests8 
 On the Effective Date, at the Debtors’ election, 
each Holder of an Intercompany Interest shall have 
its Intercompany Interest Reinstated, or cancelled, 
released, 
and 
extinguished 
without 
any 
distribution.   
Unimpaired / 
Impaired 
Not Entitled 
to Vote 
(Presumed 
to Accept / 
Deemed to 
Reject) 
100% / 0% 
8 
Existing 
Equity 
Interests9 
On the Effective Date, each Holder of an Existing 
Equity Interest (including all related 510(b) 
Claims10) shall have its Existing Equity Interest 
cancelled, released, and extinguished without any 
distribution.   
Impaired 
Not Entitled 
to Vote 
(Deemed to 
Reject) 
0% 
Non-Voting Status of Holders of Certain Claims and Interests 
18. 
As set forth above, certain Holders of Claims and Interests are not entitled to vote 
on the Prepackaged Plan.  As a result, such parties did not receive any Ballots or other related 
solicitation materials to vote on the Prepackaged Plan.  The Holders of Claims in Class 1 (Other 
Secured Claims), Class 2 (Other Priority Claims), and Class 5 (General Unsecured Claims) are 
unimpaired under the Prepackaged Plan and, therefore, are presumed to have accepted the 
Prepackaged Plan pursuant to section 1126(f) of the Bankruptcy Code.  Holders of Claims and 
Interests in Class 6 (Intercompany Claims) and Class 7 (Intercompany Interests) are either 
unimpaired or not expected to receive any recovery on account of their Claims or Interests and, 
therefore, are either presumed to accept or deemed to reject the Prepackaged Plan (as applicable).  
Holders of Interests in Class 8 (Existing Equity Interests) are impaired, will receive no 
distributions under the Prepackaged Plan and, therefore, are deemed to have rejected the 
Prepackaged Plan pursuant to section 1126(g) of the Bankruptcy Code.  Upon request, the 
 
7  
“Intercompany Claims” means a Claim or a Cause of Action against a Debtor held by a Debtor or a Non-Debtor 
Affiliate.  
8  
“Intercompany Interests” means an Interest in a Debtor held by another Debtor or Non-Debtor Affiliate. 
9  
“Existing Equity Interests” means all Interests in iRobot outstanding as of the Petition Date and any 510(b) Claims 
related thereto. 
10  “510(b) Claims” means a Claim of any kind or nature whatsoever, whether asserted or unasserted that is subject 
to subordination under section 510(b) of the Bankruptcy Code. 
Case 25-12197-BLS    Doc 14    Filed 12/14/25    Page 51 of 119

=== page 52 ===
 
8 
 
Solicitation and Voting Agent will provide you, free of charge, with copies of the Prepackaged 
Plan, the Disclosure Statement, and this Combined Notice. 
Important Information Regarding the Discharges, Injunctions, Exculpations, and Release 
 
If you receive the notice of non-voting status and affirmatively opt-in to the releases 
provided by the Prepackaged Plan by checking the box on the applicable notice of non-voting 
status indicating that you opt to grant the releases provided in the Prepackaged Plan, you 
shall be deemed to have consented to the releases contained in Article VIII of the 
Prepackaged Plan, pasted directly from the Prepackaged Plan below. 
Article VIII.C 
Debtor Release 
Notwithstanding anything else contained herein to the contrary, to the fullest extent 
permitted by applicable law and approved by the Bankruptcy Court, pursuant to 
section 1123(b) of the Bankruptcy Code and Bankruptcy Rule 9019 and in exchange for good 
and valuable consideration, the adequacy of which is hereby confirmed, on and after the 
Effective Date, each Released Party is deemed to be, and hereby is conclusively, absolutely, 
unconditionally, irrevocably, finally, and forever released and discharged by each and all of 
the Debtors, the Reorganized Debtors, and their Estates, including any successors to the 
Debtors or any Estate’s representative appointed or selected pursuant to section 1123(b)(3) 
of the Bankruptcy Code, in each case on behalf of themselves and their respective successors, 
assigns, and representatives, and any and all other Entities who may purport to assert any 
Claim or Cause of Action, directly or derivatively, by, through, for, or because of the 
foregoing Entities, from any and all Claims and Causes of Action, including any derivative 
Claims asserted or assertable on behalf of the Debtors, whether known or unknown, foreseen 
or unforeseen, asserted or unasserted, matured or unmatured, liquidated or unliquidated, 
fixed or contingent, accrued or unaccrued, existing or hereafter arising, in law, equity, 
contract, tort, or otherwise, that the Debtors, the Reorganized Debtors, or their Estates 
would have been legally entitled to assert in their own right (whether individually or 
collectively) or on behalf of the Holder of any Claim or Cause of Action against, or Interest 
in, a Debtor or other Entity, based on or relating to, or in any manner arising from, in whole 
or in part, the Debtors, the Reorganized Debtors, or their Estates (including the Debtors’ 
capital structure, management, ownership, assets, or operation thereof), the purchase, sale, 
or rescission of any Security of the Debtors or the Reorganized Debtors, the assertion or 
enforcement of rights and remedies against the Debtors, the subject matter of, or the 
transactions or events giving rise to, any Claim, Causes of Action, or Interest that is treated 
in this Plan, the business or contractual arrangements between any Debtor and any Released 
Party, the Debtors’ in- or out-of-court restructuring efforts, intercompany transactions 
between or among a Debtor or an Affiliate of a Debtor and another Debtor or an Affiliate of 
a Debtor, the Chapter 11 Cases, the Amended First Lien Credit Agreement, the formulation, 
preparation, dissemination, negotiation, or Filing of the Restructuring Support Agreement, 
the Picea Supply Agreement, New Picea Supply Agreement, the Disclosure Statement, this 
Plan (including, for the avoidance of doubt, the Plan Supplement), or any aspect of the 
Restructuring Transactions, including any contract, instrument, release, or other agreement 
or document created or entered into in connection with the Restructuring Support 
Agreement, the Picea Supply Agreement, New Picea Supply Agreement, the Disclosure 
Statement, this Plan, the Confirmation Order,  the Chapter 11 Cases, the Filing of the 
Case 25-12197-BLS    Doc 14    Filed 12/14/25    Page 52 of 119

=== page 53 ===
 
9 
 
Chapter 11 Cases, the pursuit of Confirmation, the pursuit of Consummation, the 
administration and implementation of this Plan, any action or actions taken in furtherance 
of or consistent with the administration of this Plan, including the issuance or distribution of 
Securities pursuant to this Plan, or the distribution of property under this Plan or any other 
related agreement, or upon any other act or omission, transaction, agreement, event, or other 
occurrence taking place on or before the Effective Date related or relating to any of the 
foregoing. 
Notwithstanding anything contained herein to the contrary, the foregoing release 
does not release (1) any post-Effective Date obligations of any party or Entity under the Plan, 
any act occurring after the Effective Date with respect to the Restructuring Transactions, 
the obligations arising under Definitive Document to the extent imposing obligations arising 
after the Effective Date (including those set forth in the Plan Supplement), or other 
document, instrument, or agreement executed to implement the Plan, (2) the rights of 
Holders of Allowed Claims under this Plain, including the right to receive distributions 
under this Plan, (3) any Cause of Action, listed, described or otherwise included on the 
Schedule of Retained Causes of Action, (4) any Claim, Cause of Action, dispute, or defense 
related to the failure to execute an agreed upon amendment to any Executory Contract or 
Unexpired Lease to the extent such issue is not resolved prior to the Effective Date, (5) any 
Claim or Cause of Action arising from an act or omission that is judicially determined by a 
Final Order to have constituted actual fraud, gross negligence, willful misconduct or 
criminal conduct, or (6) any Claim, dispute, or defense of the Debtors or the Reorganized 
Debtors preserved under the Plan. 
Entry of the Confirmation Order shall constitute the Bankruptcy Court’s approval, 
pursuant to Bankruptcy Rule 9019, of the terms by which matters are subject to a 
compromise and settlement, including the Debtor Releases in Article VIII.C, which includes 
by reference each of the related provisions and definitions contained in this Plan, and, 
further, shall constitute the Bankruptcy Court’s finding that the Debtor Releases in Article 
VIII.C are: (1) essential to Confirmation of this Plan; (2) an exercise of the Debtors’ business 
judgment; (3) in exchange for the good and valuable consideration provided by the Released 
Parties, including the Released Parties’ contributions to facilitating the Restructuring 
Transactions and implementing this Plan; (4) a good-faith settlement and compromise of the 
Claims and Causes of Action released by the Debtor Releases in Article VIII.C; (5) in the 
best interests of the Debtors, their Estates, and all Holders of Claims and Interests; (6) fair, 
equitable, and reasonably given and made after due notice and opportunity for a hearing; 
and (7) a bar to any of the Debtors, the Reorganized Debtors, or the Debtors’ Estates 
asserting any Claim or Cause of Action released pursuant to the Debtor Releases in Article 
VIII.C. 
Article VIII.D 
Third-Party Release 
Except as otherwise expressly set forth in this Plan or the Confirmation Orders, on 
and after the Effective Date, pursuant to Bankruptcy Rule 9019 and to the fullest extent 
permitted by applicable law and approved by the Bankruptcy Court, pursuant to 
section 1123(b) of the Bankruptcy Code, in exchange for good and valuable consideration, 
the adequacy of which is hereby confirmed, each Released Party is deemed to be, and hereby 
is conclusively, absolutely, unconditionally, irrevocably, finally, and forever released and 
Case 25-12197-BLS    Doc 14    Filed 12/14/25    Page 53 of 119

=== page 54 ===
 
10 
 
discharged by each Releasing Party (in each case on behalf of themselves and their respective 
successors, assigns, and representatives, and any and all other Entities who may purport to 
assert any Claim or Cause of Action, directly or derivatively, by, through, for, or because of 
the foregoing Entities) from any and all Claims and Causes of Action, including any 
derivative Claims asserted or assertable on behalf of the Debtors, whether known or 
unknown, foreseen or unforeseen, asserted or unasserted, matured or unmatured, liquidated 
or unliquidated, fixed or contingent, accrued or unaccrued, existing or hereafter arising, in 
law, equity, contract, tort, or otherwise that such Entity would have been legally entitled to 
assert in their own right (whether individually or collectively) or on behalf of the Holder of 
any Claim or Cause of Action against, or Interest in, a Debtor based on or relating to, or in 
any manner arising from, in whole or in part, the Debtors (including the Debtors’ capital 
structure, management, ownership, assets, or operation thereof), the purchase, sale, or 
rescission of any security of the Debtors or the Reorganized Debtors, the subject matter of, 
or the transactions or events giving rise to, any Claim, Cause of Action, or Interest that is 
treated in this Plan, the business or contractual arrangements between any Debtor and any 
Released Party, the Debtors’ in- or out-of-court restructuring efforts, intercompany 
transactions between or among a Debtor or an Affiliate of a Debtor and another Debtor or 
an Affiliate of a Debtor, the Chapter 11 Cases, the Amended First Lien Credit Agreement, 
the formulation, preparation, dissemination, negotiation, or Filing of the Restructuring 
Support Agreement, the Picea Supply Agreement, New Picea Supply Agreement, the 
Disclosure Statement, this Plan (including, for the avoidance of doubt, the Plan Supplement), 
or any aspect of the Restructuring Transactions, including any contract, instrument, release, 
or other agreement or document created or entered into in connection with the Restructuring 
Support Agreement, the Picea Supply Agreement, New Picea Supply Agreement, the 
Disclosure Statement, this Plan, the Confirmation Order, the Chapter 11 Cases, the Filing of 
the Chapter 11 Cases, the pursuit of Confirmation, the pursuit of Consummation, the 
administration and implementation of this Plan, any action or actions taken in furtherance 
of or consistent with the administration of this Plan, including the issuance or distribution of 
Securities pursuant to this Plan, or the distribution of property under this Plan or any other 
related agreement, or upon any other act or omission, transaction, agreement, event, or other 
occurrence taking place on or before the Effective Date related or relating to any of the 
foregoing. 
Notwithstanding anything contained herein to the contrary, the foregoing release 
does not release (1) any post-Effective Date obligations of any party or Entity under the Plan, 
any act occurring after the Effective Date with respect to the Restructuring Transaction, the 
obligations arising under Definitive Document to the extent imposing obligations arising 
after the Effective Date (including those set forth in the Plan Supplement), or other 
document, instrument, or agreement executed to implement the Plan, (2)  the rights of 
Holders of Allowed Claims to receive distributions under this Plan, (3) the rights of any 
current employee of the Debtors under any employment agreement or plan, (4) the rights of 
the Debtors with respect to any confidentiality provisions or covenants restricting 
competition in favor of the Debtors under any employment agreement with a current or 
former employee of the Debtors, (5) any Claim, Cause of Action, or defense related to the 
failure to execute an agreed upon amendment to any Executory Contract or Unexpired Lease 
to the extent such issue is not resolved prior to the Effective Date, or (6) any Claim or Cause 
Case 25-12197-BLS    Doc 14    Filed 12/14/25    Page 54 of 119

=== page 55 ===
 
11 
 
of Action arising from an act or omission that is judicially determined by a Final Order to 
have constituted actual fraud, gross negligence, willful misconduct or criminal conduct. 
Entry of the Confirmation Order shall constitute the Bankruptcy Court’s approval, 
pursuant to Bankruptcy Rule 9019, of the terms by which matters are subject to a 
compromise and settlement, including the Debtor Releases in Article VIII.C, which includes 
by reference each of the related provisions and definitions contained in this Plan, and, 
further, shall constitute the Bankruptcy Court’s finding that the Third-Party Releases in this 
Article VIII.D are:  (1) essential to Confirmation of this Plan; (2) in exchange for the good 
and valuable consideration provided by the Released Parties, including the Released Parties’ 
contributions to facilitating the Restructuring Transactions and implementing this Plan; 
(3) a good-faith settlement and compromise of the Claims and Causes of Action released by 
the Third-Party Releases in this Article VIII.D; (4) in the best interests of the Debtors and 
their Estates and all Holders of Claims and Interests; (5) fair, equitable, and reasonably 
given and made after due notice and opportunity for a hearing; and (6) a bar to any of the 
Releasing Parties asserting any Claim or Cause of Action released pursuant to the 
Third-Party Releases in this Article VIII.D. 
Article VIII.E 
Exculpation 
Except as otherwise specifically provided in this Plan, no Exculpated Party shall have 
or incur liability for, and each Exculpated Party is hereby released and exculpated from, any 
Cause of Action or Claim whether direct or derivative related to any act or omission in 
connection with, relating to, or arising out of the Chapter 11 Cases from the Petition Date to 
or on the Effective Date, the formulation, preparation, dissemination, negotiation, or Filing 
of the Restructuring Support Agreement, the Picea Supply Agreement, New Picea Supply 
Agreement, the Disclosure Statement, this Plan, the Plan Supplement, or any transaction 
related to the Restructuring Transactions, any contract, instrument, release, or other 
agreement or document created or entered into before or during the Chapter 11 Cases in 
connection with the Restructuring Transactions, any preference, fraudulent transfer, or 
other avoidance Claim arising pursuant to chapter 5 of the Bankruptcy Code or other 
applicable law, the Filing of the Chapter 11 Cases, the pursuit of Confirmation, the pursuit 
of Consummation, the administration and implementation of this Plan, including the 
issuance of Securities pursuant to this Plan, or the distribution of property under this Plan 
or any other related agreement, or upon any other act or omission, transaction, agreement, 
event, or other occurrence taking place on or before the Effective Date related or relating to 
any of the foregoing, except for Claims related to any act or omission that is determined in a 
Final Order to have constituted willful misconduct, gross negligence, or actual fraud, but in 
all respects such Exculpated Parties shall be entitled to reasonably rely upon the advice of 
counsel with respect to their duties and responsibilities pursuant to this Plan and the 
Confirmation Orders. 
The Exculpated Parties set forth above have, and upon Confirmation of this Plan shall 
be deemed to have, participated in good faith and in compliance with applicable law with 
respect to the solicitation of votes and distribution of consideration pursuant to this Plan 
and, therefore, are not and shall not be liable at any time for the violation of any applicable 
law, rule, or regulation governing the solicitation of acceptances or rejections of this Plan or 
such distributions made pursuant to this Plan. 
Case 25-12197-BLS    Doc 14    Filed 12/14/25    Page 55 of 119

=== page 56 ===
 
12 
 
Article VIII.F 
Injunction 
Upon entry of the Confirmation Order, all Holders of Claims and Interests and other 
parties in interest, along with their respective present or former employees, agents, officers, 
directors, principals, and Affiliates, and each of their successors and assigns, shall be 
enjoined from taking any actions to interfere with the implementation or Consummation of 
this Plan in relation to any Claim or Interest that is extinguished, discharged, or released 
pursuant to this Plan. 
Except as otherwise expressly provided in this Plan or the Confirmation Orders, or 
for obligations issued or required to be paid pursuant to this Plan or the Confirmation 
Order, all Entities who have held, hold, or may hold Claims, Interests, or Causes of Action 
that have been released, discharged, or are subject to exculpation pursuant to Article VIII, 
are permanently enjoined, from and after the Effective Date, from taking any of the 
following actions against, as applicable, the Debtors, the Reorganized Debtors, the 
Exculpated Parties, and/or the Released Parties:   
a. 
commencing, conducting, or continuing in any manner any action or 
other proceeding of any kind on account of or in connection with or 
with respect to any such Claims, Interests, or Causes of Action; 
 
b. 
enforcing, levying, attaching, collecting, or recovering by any manner 
or means any judgment, award, decree, or Order against such Entities 
on account of or in connection with or with respect to any such Claims, 
Interests, or Causes of Action; 
 
c. 
creating, perfecting, or enforcing any Lien or encumbrance of any kind 
against such Entities or the property or the Estates of such Entities on 
account of or in connection with or with respect to any such Claims, 
Interests, or Causes of Action;  
 
d. 
asserting any right of setoff, subrogation, or recoupment of any kind 
against any obligation due from such Entities or against the property 
of such Entities on account of or in connection with or with respect to 
any such Claims, Interests, or Causes of Action unless such Holder has 
Filed a motion requesting the right to perform such setoff on or before 
the Effective Date, and notwithstanding an indication of a Claim or 
Interest or otherwise that such Holder asserts, has, or intends to 
preserve any right of setoff pursuant to applicable law or otherwise; 
and  
 
e. 
commencing or continuing in any manner any action or other 
proceeding of any kind on account of or in connection with or with 
respect to any such Claims, Interests, or Causes of Action released or 
settled pursuant to this Plan or the Confirmation Orders.   
Case 25-12197-BLS    Doc 14    Filed 12/14/25    Page 56 of 119

=== page 57 ===
 
13 
 
No Person or Entity may commence or pursue a Claim or Cause of Action of any kind 
against the Debtors or the Exculpated Parties that relates to or is reasonably likely to relate 
to any act or omission in connection with, relating to, or arising out of a Claim or Cause of 
Action related to the Chapter 11 Cases prior to the Effective Date, the formulation, 
preparation, dissemination, negotiation, or Filing of the Restructuring Support Agreement, 
the Picea Supply Agreement, New Picea Supply Agreement, the Disclosure Statement, this 
Plan, the Plan Supplement, or any transaction related to the Restructuring, any contract, 
instrument, release, or other agreement or document created or entered into before or 
during the Chapter 11 Cases in connection with the Restructuring Transactions, any 
preference, fraudulent transfer, or other avoidance Claim arising pursuant to chapter 5 of 
the Bankruptcy Code or other applicable law, the Filing of the Chapter 11 Cases, the pursuit 
of Confirmation, the pursuit of Consummation, the administration and implementation of 
this Plan, including the issuance of Securities pursuant to this Plan, or the distribution of 
property under this Plan or any other related agreement, or upon any other act or omission, 
transaction, agreement, event, or other occurrence taking place on or before the Effective 
Date related or relating to any of the foregoing, without regard to whether such Person or 
Entity is a Releasing Party, without the Bankruptcy Court (1) first determining, after notice 
and a hearing, that such Claim or Cause of Action represents a colorable Claim of any kind 
and (2) specifically authorizing such Person or Entity to bring such Claim or Cause of Action 
against any such Debtor or Exculpated Party.  
The Bankruptcy Court will have sole and exclusive jurisdiction to adjudicate the 
underlying colorable Claim or Causes of Action.  
Notwithstanding anything to the contrary in the foregoing, the injunction does not 
enjoin any party under this Plan, the Confirmation Order or under any other Definitive 
Document or other document, instrument, or agreement (including those attached to the 
Disclosure Statement or included in the Plan Supplement) executed to implement this Plan 
and the Confirmation Orders from bringing an action to enforce the terms of this Plan, the 
Confirmation Order or such document, instrument, or agreement (including those attached 
to the Disclosure Statement or included in the Plan Supplement) executed to implement this 
Plan and the Confirmation Orders.  The injunction in this Plan shall extend to any successors 
and assigns of the Debtors and the Reorganized Debtors and their respective property and 
interests in property. 
Article VIII.G 
Waiver of Statutory Limitations on Releases 
Each Releasing Party in each of the releases contained in this Plan expressly 
acknowledges that although ordinarily a general release may not extend to Claims that the 
Releasing Party does not know or suspect to exist in its favor, which if known by it may have 
materially affected its settlement with the party released, each Releasing Party has carefully 
considered and taken into account in determining to enter into the above releases the possible 
existence of such unknown losses or Claims.  Without limiting the generality of the foregoing, 
each Releasing Party expressly waives any and all rights conferred upon it by any statute or 
rule of law that provides that a release does not extend to Claims that the claimant does not 
know or suspect to exist in its favor at the time of executing the release, which if known by it 
may have materially affected its settlement with the Released Party.  The releases contained 
Case 25-12197-BLS    Doc 14    Filed 12/14/25    Page 57 of 119

=== page 58 ===
 
14 
 
in this Plan are effective regardless of whether those released matters are presently known, 
unknown, suspected or unsuspected, foreseen or unforeseen. 
 
Relevant Definitions Related to Release and Exculpation Provisions: 
“Exculpated Parties” means each of the Debtors’ Estates and their respective fiduciaries, including 
the Debtors’ directors and officers holding such positions at any time between the Petition Date 
and Effective Date. 
“Released Parties” means, each of, and in each case in its capacity as such: (a) each Debtor; 
(b) each Reorganized Debtor; (c) each First Lien Secured Party; (d) Picea Robotics; and (e) all 
Holders of Claims and Existing Equity Interests that receive a notice of non-voting status who 
affirmatively opt-in to the releases provided by the Plan by checking the box on the applicable 
notice of non-voting status indicating that they opt-in to grant the releases provided in the Plan; (f) 
with respect to each of the Entities in the foregoing clauses (a) through (e), each such Entity’s 
current and former Affiliates (regardless of whether such interests are held directly or indirectly); 
(g) with respect to each of the Entities in the foregoing clauses (a) through (e), each such Entity’s 
current and former predecessors, participants, successors, assigns, subsidiaries, direct and indirect 
equityholders, interest holders, limited partners, co-investors, funds (including affiliated 
investment funds or investment vehicles), portfolio companies, and management companies; and 
(h) with respect to each of the Entities in the foregoing clauses (a) through (g), each such Entity’s 
current and former directors, officers, managers, members, principals, partners, employees, 
independent contractors, agents, representatives, managed accounts or funds (including any 
beneficial holders for the account of whom such funds are managed), management companies, 
fund advisors, investment advisors, advisory board members, financial advisors, partners 
(including both general and limited partners), consultants, financial advisors, attorneys, 
accountants, investment bankers, and other professionals; provided, that, in each case, an Entity 
shall not be a Releasing Party if fails to opt-in to the releases contained in this Plan, if permitted 
to opt-in.  
“Releasing Parties” means, each of, and in each case in its capacity as such: (a) each Debtor; 
(b) each Reorganized Debtor; (c) each First Lien Secured Party; (d) Picea Robotics; and (e) all 
Holders of Claims and Existing Equity Interests that receive the notice of non-voting status and, 
in each case, who do affirmatively opt-in to the releases provided by the Prepackaged Plan by 
checking the box on the applicable notice of non-voting status indicating that they opt to grant the 
releases provided in the Prepackaged Plan. 
YOU ARE ADVISED AND ENCOURAGED TO CAREFULLY REVIEW AND 
CONSIDER 
THE 
PREPACKAGED 
PLAN, 
INCLUDING 
THE 
RELEASE, 
EXCULPATION, AND INJUNCTION PROVISIONS, AS YOUR RIGHTS MAY BE 
AFFECTED. 
Section 341(a) Meeting 
A meeting of creditors pursuant to section 341(a) of the Bankruptcy Code (the “341 Meeting”) has 
been deferred.  The 341 Meeting will not be convened if the Prepackaged Plan is confirmed by 
February 23, 2026.  If the 341 Meeting will be convened, the Debtors will file, serve on the parties 
on whom it served this Combined Notice and any other parties entitled to notice pursuant to the 
Case 25-12197-BLS    Doc 14    Filed 12/14/25    Page 58 of 119

=== page 59 ===
 
15 
 
Bankruptcy Rules, and post on the website at https://cases.stretto.com/iRobot not less than twenty-
one (21) days before the date scheduled for such meeting, a notice of, among other things, the date, 
time, and place of the 341 Meeting. 
UNLESS AN OBJECTION IS TIMELY FILED AND SERVED IN ACCORDANCE WITH 
THIS COMBINED NOTICE, IT MAY NOT BE CONSIDERED BY THE COURT. 
 
If you have questions about this Combined Notice, please contact  
Stretto, Inc.  
Telephone: (833) 228-5389 (Domestic Toll-Free) or (949) 590-3576 (International)  
Website:  https://cases.stretto.com/iRobot 
 
[Remainder of page intentionally left blank] 
Case 25-12197-BLS    Doc 14    Filed 12/14/25    Page 59 of 119

=== page 60 ===
 
 
 
Dated: [●], 2025 
 
Wilmington, Delaware  
Respectfully submitted, 
YOUNG CONAWAY STARGATT & 
TAYLOR, LLP 
 
/s/ [●]  
 
 
 
Sean T. Greecher (No. 4484) 
Andrew L. Magaziner (No. 5426) 
Shella Borovinskaya (No. 6758) 
Kristin L. Cardoza (No. 6871) 
Rodney Square 
1000 North King Street 
Wilmington, Delaware 19801 
Telephone: (302) 571-6600 
Facsimile: (302) 571-1253 
Email:  sgreecher@ycst.com 
amagaziner@ycst.com 
sborovinskaya@ycst.com 
kcardoza@ycst.com 
 
 
- and - 
 
PAUL, WEISS, RIFKIND,  
WHARTON & GARRISON LLP 
Paul M. Basta (pro hac vice admission pending) 
Alice Belisle Eaton (pro hac vice admission pending) 
John T. Weber (pro hac vice admission pending) 
1285 Avenue of the Americas 
New York, New York 10019 
Tel:  
(212) 373-3000 
Fax:  (212) 757-3990 
Email:  pbasta@paulweiss.com 
aeaton@paulweiss.com 
jweber@paulweiss.com 
 
Proposed Counsel to the Debtors and 
Debtors in Possession 
Case 25-12197-BLS    Doc 14    Filed 12/14/25    Page 60 of 119

=== page 61 ===
 
 
 
Exhibit 2 
Notice of Non-Voting Status
Case 25-12197-BLS    Doc 14    Filed 12/14/25    Page 61 of 119

=== page 62 ===
 
 
 
IN THE UNITED STATES BANKRUPTCY COURT 
FOR THE DISTRICT OF DELAWARE 
 
 
)  
In re: 
) Chapter 11 
 
)  
iROBOT CORPORATION, et al., 1 
) Case No. 25-12197 (___) 
 
)  
 
 
 
Debtors. 
) (Jointly Administered) 
 
)  
 
NOTICE OF NON-VOTING STATUS 
PLEASE TAKE NOTICE THAT: 
1. 
On December 14, 2025 (the “Petition Date”), iRobot Corporation and its debtor 
affiliates, as debtors and debtors in possession (collectively, the “Debtors”), each commenced a 
case under chapter 11 of title 11 of the United States Code (the “Bankruptcy Code”) in the United 
States Bankruptcy Court for the District of Delaware (the “Court”). 
2. 
The Debtors have commenced solicitation of votes to accept the Joint Prepackaged 
Chapter 11 Plan of Reorganization of iRobot Corporation and Its Debtor Affiliates, dated December 
14, 2025 [Docket No. [●]] (as it may be amended, supplemented, or modified from time to time, 
the “Prepackaged Plan”),2 which is attached as Exhibit A to the Disclosure Statement for Joint 
Prepackaged Chapter 11 Plan of iRobot Corporation and Its Debtor Affiliates, dated December 14, 
2025 [Docket No. [●]] (as it may be amended, supplemented, or modified from time to time, the 
“Disclosure Statement”).  Copies of the Prepackaged Plan and Disclosure Statement may also be 
obtained by calling the Solicitation and Voting Agent at (833) 228-5389 (Domestic Toll-Free) or 
(949) 
590-3576 
(International) 
or 
by 
sending 
an 
electronic 
mail 
message 
to 
iRobotInquiries@stretto.com. 
3. 
You are receiving this notice (this “Notice of Non-Voting Status”) because, 
according to the Debtors’ books and records, you are a Holder of Claims or Interests in:  
i. 
Class 1 (Other Secured Claims), Class 2 (Other Priority Claims), or 
Class 5 (General Unsecured Claims) under the Prepackaged Plan, which 
provides that your Claim(s) against the Debtors is (are) unimpaired and, 
therefore, pursuant to section 1126(f) of the Bankruptcy Code, you are 
presumed to have accepted the Prepackaged Plan and not entitled to vote 
on the Prepackaged Plan; and/or 
ii. 
Class 8 (Existing Equity Interests) under the Prepackaged Plan, which 
provides that your Interest(s) against the Debtors is (are) not entitled to 
 
1  The Debtors in these chapter 11 cases, along with the last four digits of each Debtor’s federal tax identification 
number, are: iRobot Corporation (9335); iRobot US Holdings, LLC (5237); and iRobot Holdings LLC (5307).  
For purposes of these chapter 11 cases, the Debtors’ service address is 8 Crosby Drive, Bedford, MA 01730. 
2     Capitalized terms used but not otherwise defined herein shall have the meanings ascribed to them in the 
Prepackaged Plan. 
Case 25-12197-BLS    Doc 14    Filed 12/14/25    Page 62 of 119

=== page 63 ===
 
2 
a recovery and, therefore, pursuant to section 1126(g) of the Bankruptcy 
Code, you are deemed to have rejected the Prepackaged Plan and not 
entitled to vote on the Prepackaged Plan.  
4. 
The deadline for filing objections to the adequacy of the Disclosure Statement or 
confirmation of the Prepackaged Plan is January 15, 2026 at 4:00 p.m. (Prevailing Eastern Time) 
(the “Objection Deadline”).  Any objections to the Disclosure Statement and/or the Prepackaged 
Plan must:  (a) be in writing, (b) conform to the applicable Bankruptcy Rules and Local Rules, 
(c) set forth the name of the objecting party, the basis for the objection, the specific grounds thereof 
and, if practicable, a proposed modification to the Prepackaged Plan or Disclosure Statement that 
would resolve such objection, and (d) be filed with the Court.   
5. 
In addition to being filed with the Clerk of the Court, any such objections should be 
served upon the following parties so as to be received by the Objection Deadline:  
i. 
the Debtors, iRobot Corporation, 8 Crosby Drive, Bedford, MA 01730 
(Attn:  Gary Cohen, Jeff Engel, Karian Wong, and Kevin Lanouette); 
ii. 
proposed counsel to the Debtors, (a) Paul, Weiss, Rifkind, Wharton & 
Garrison LLP, 1285 Avenue of the Americas, New York, New York 10019 
(Attn.:  Paul M. Basta, Esq., Alice Belisle Eaton, Esq., and John T. Weber, 
Esq.) and (b) Young Conaway Stargatt & Taylor, LLP, Rodney Square, 
1000 North King Street, Wilmington, Delaware 19801 (Attn.:  Andrew L. 
Magaziner, Esq., Shella Borovinskaya, Esq., and Kristin Cardoza, Esq.); 
iii. 
counsel to Picea, (a) White & Case LLP, 555 Flowers Street. Los Angeles, 
California 90071 (Attn:  Roberto Kampfner, Esq. and Fan He, Esq.) and 
(b) Richards, Layton & Finger, P.A., 920 North King Street, Wilmington, 
Delaware 19801 (Attn: John H. Knight, Esq. and Amanda R. Steele, Esq.); 
and  
iv. 
the U.S. Trustee, 844 King Street, Suite 2207, Wilmington, Delaware 19801 
(Attn: Jonathan W. Lipshie, Esq.). 
UNLESS AN OBJECTION IS TIMELY FILED AND SERVCED IN ACCORDANCE 
WITH THIS NOTICE OF NON-VOTING STATUS, IT MAY NOT BE CONSIDERED BY 
THE COURT. 
If you have questions about this Notice of Non-Voting Status, please contact  
Stretto, Inc.  
Telephone:  (833) 228-5389 (Domestic Toll-Free) or (949) 590-3576 (International) 
Website:  https://cases.stretto.com/iRobot 
Important Information Regarding the Discharges, Injunctions, Exculpations, and Release  
If you receive the notice of non-voting status and affirmatively opt-in to the releases provided 
by the Prepackaged Plan by checking the box on the applicable notice of non-voting status 
indicating that you opt to grant the releases provided in the Prepackaged Plan, you shall be 
Case 25-12197-BLS    Doc 14    Filed 12/14/25    Page 63 of 119

=== page 64 ===
 
3 
deemed to have consented to the releases contained in Article VIII of the Prepackaged Plan, 
pasted directly from the Prepackaged Plan below. 
Article VIII.C 
Debtor Release  
Notwithstanding anything else contained herein to the contrary, to the fullest extent 
permitted by applicable law and approved by the Bankruptcy Court, pursuant to 
section 1123(b) of the Bankruptcy Code and Bankruptcy Rule 9019 and in exchange for good 
and valuable consideration, the adequacy of which is hereby confirmed, on and after the 
Effective Date, each Released Party is deemed to be, and hereby is conclusively, absolutely, 
unconditionally, irrevocably, finally, and forever released and discharged by each and all of 
the Debtors, the Reorganized Debtors, and their Estates, including any successors to the 
Debtors or any Estate’s representative appointed or selected pursuant to section 1123(b)(3) 
of the Bankruptcy Code, in each case on behalf of themselves and their respective successors, 
assigns, and representatives, and any and all other Entities who may purport to assert any 
Claim or Cause of Action, directly or derivatively, by, through, for, or because of the 
foregoing Entities, from any and all Claims and Causes of Action, including any derivative 
Claims asserted or assertable on behalf of the Debtors, whether known or unknown, foreseen 
or unforeseen, asserted or unasserted, matured or unmatured, liquidated or unliquidated, 
fixed or contingent, accrued or unaccrued, existing or hereafter arising, in law, equity, 
contract, tort, or otherwise, that the Debtors, the Reorganized Debtors, or their Estates 
would have been legally entitled to assert in their own right (whether individually or 
collectively) or on behalf of the Holder of any Claim or Cause of Action against, or Interest 
in, a Debtor or other Entity, based on or relating to, or in any manner arising from, in whole 
or in part, the Debtors, the Reorganized Debtors, or their Estates (including the Debtors’ 
capital structure, management, ownership, assets, or operation thereof), the purchase, sale, 
or rescission of any Security of the Debtors or the Reorganized Debtors, the assertion or 
enforcement of rights and remedies against the Debtors, the subject matter of, or the 
transactions or events giving rise to, any Claim, Causes of Action, or Interest that is treated 
in this Plan, the business or contractual arrangements between any Debtor and any Released 
Party, the Debtors’ in- or out-of-court restructuring efforts, intercompany transactions 
between or among a Debtor or an Affiliate of a Debtor and another Debtor or an Affiliate of 
a Debtor, the Chapter 11 Cases, the Amended First Lien Credit Agreement, the formulation, 
preparation, dissemination, negotiation, or Filing of the Restructuring Support Agreement, 
the Picea Supply Agreement, New Picea Supply Agreement, the Disclosure Statement, this 
Plan (including, for the avoidance of doubt, the Plan Supplement), or any aspect of the 
Restructuring Transactions, including any contract, instrument, release, or other agreement 
or document created or entered into in connection with the Restructuring Support 
Agreement, the Picea Supply Agreement, New Picea Supply Agreement, the Disclosure 
Statement, this Plan, the Confirmation Order,  the Chapter 11 Cases, the Filing of the 
Chapter 11 Cases, the pursuit of Confirmation, the pursuit of Consummation, the 
administration and implementation of this Plan, any action or actions taken in furtherance 
of or consistent with the administration of this Plan, including the issuance or distribution of 
Securities pursuant to this Plan, or the distribution of property under this Plan or any other 
related agreement, or upon any other act or omission, transaction, agreement, event, or other 
occurrence taking place on or before the Effective Date related or relating to any of the 
foregoing. 
Case 25-12197-BLS    Doc 14    Filed 12/14/25    Page 64 of 119

=== page 65 ===
 
4 
Notwithstanding anything contained herein to the contrary, the foregoing release 
does not release (1) any post-Effective Date obligations of any party or Entity under the Plan, 
any act occurring after the Effective Date with respect to the Restructuring Transactions, 
the obligations arising under Definitive Document to the extent imposing obligations arising 
after the Effective Date (including those set forth in the Plan Supplement), or other 
document, instrument, or agreement executed to implement the Plan, (2) the rights of 
Holders of Allowed Claims under this Plan, including the right to receive distributions under 
this Plan, (3) any Cause of Action, listed, described or otherwise included on the Schedule of 
Retained Causes of Action, (4) any Claim, Cause of Action, dispute, or defense related to the 
failure to execute an agreed upon amendment to any Executory Contract or Unexpired Lease 
to the extent such issue is not resolved prior to the Effective Date, (5) any Claim or Cause of 
Action arising from an act or omission that is judicially determined by a Final Order to have 
constituted actual fraud, gross negligence, willful misconduct or criminal conduct, or (6) any 
Claim, dispute, or defense of the Debtors or the Reorganized Debtors preserved under the 
Plan. 
Entry of the Confirmation Order shall constitute the Bankruptcy Court’s approval, 
pursuant to Bankruptcy Rule 9019, of the terms by which matters are subject to a 
compromise and settlement, including the Debtor Releases in Article VIII.C, which includes 
by reference each of the related provisions and definitions contained in this Plan, and, 
further, shall constitute the Bankruptcy Court’s finding that the Debtor Releases in Article 
VIII.C are: (1) essential to Confirmation of this Plan; (2) an exercise of the Debtors’ business 
judgment; (3) in exchange for the good and valuable consideration provided by the Released 
Parties, including the Released Parties’ contributions to facilitating the Restructuring 
Transactions and implementing this Plan; (4) a good-faith settlement and compromise of the 
Claims and Causes of Action released by the Debtor Releases in Article VIII.C; (5) in the 
best interests of the Debtors, their Estates, and all Holders of Claims and Interests; (6) fair, 
equitable, and reasonably given and made after due notice and opportunity for a hearing; 
and (7) a bar to any of the Debtors, the Reorganized Debtors, or the Debtors’ Estates 
asserting any Claim or Cause of Action released pursuant to the Debtor Releases in Article 
VIII.C. 
Article VIII.D 
Third-Party Release 
Except as otherwise expressly set forth in this Plan or the Confirmation Orders, on 
and after the Effective Date, pursuant to Bankruptcy Rule 9019 and to the fullest extent 
permitted by applicable law and approved by the Bankruptcy Court, pursuant to 
section 1123(b) of the Bankruptcy Code, in exchange for good and valuable consideration, 
the adequacy of which is hereby confirmed, each Released Party is deemed to be, and hereby 
is conclusively, absolutely, unconditionally, irrevocably, finally, and forever released and 
discharged by each Releasing Party (in each case on behalf of themselves and their respective 
successors, assigns, and representatives, and any and all other Entities who may purport to 
assert any Claim or Cause of Action, directly or derivatively, by, through, for, or because of 
the foregoing Entities) from any and all Claims and Causes of Action, including any 
derivative Claims asserted or assertable on behalf of the Debtors, whether known or 
unknown, foreseen or unforeseen, asserted or unasserted, matured or unmatured, liquidated 
or unliquidated, fixed or contingent, accrued or unaccrued, existing or hereafter arising, in 
Case 25-12197-BLS    Doc 14    Filed 12/14/25    Page 65 of 119

=== page 66 ===
 
5 
law, equity, contract, tort, or otherwise that such Entity would have been legally entitled to 
assert in their own right (whether individually or collectively) or on behalf of the Holder of 
any Claim or Cause of Action against, or Interest in, a Debtor based on or relating to, or in 
any manner arising from, in whole or in part, the Debtors (including the Debtors’ capital 
structure, management, ownership, assets, or operation thereof), the purchase, sale, or 
rescission of any security of the Debtors or the Reorganized Debtors, the subject matter of, 
or the transactions or events giving rise to, any Claim, Cause of Action, or Interest that is 
treated in this Plan, the business or contractual arrangements between any Debtor and any 
Released Party, the Debtors’ in- or out-of-court restructuring efforts, intercompany 
transactions between or among a Debtor or an Affiliate of a Debtor and another Debtor or 
an Affiliate of a Debtor, the Chapter 11 Cases, the Amended First Lien Credit Agreement, 
the formulation, preparation, dissemination, negotiation, or Filing of the Restructuring 
Support Agreement, the Picea Supply Agreement, New Picea Supply Agreement, the 
Disclosure Statement, this Plan (including, for the avoidance of doubt, the Plan Supplement), 
or any aspect of the Restructuring Transactions, including any contract, instrument, release, 
or other agreement or document created or entered into in connection with the Restructuring 
Support Agreement, the Picea Supply Agreement, New Picea Supply Agreement, the 
Disclosure Statement, this Plan, the Confirmation Order, the Chapter 11 Cases, the Filing of 
the Chapter 11 Cases, the pursuit of Confirmation, the pursuit of Consummation, the 
administration and implementation of this Plan, any action or actions taken in furtherance 
of or consistent with the administration of this Plan, including the issuance or distribution of 
Securities pursuant to this Plan, or the distribution of property under this Plan or any other 
related agreement, or upon any other act or omission, transaction, agreement, event, or other 
occurrence taking place on or before the Effective Date related or relating to any of the 
foregoing. 
Notwithstanding anything contained herein to the contrary, the foregoing release 
does not release (1) any post-Effective Date obligations of any party or Entity under the Plan, 
any act occurring after the Effective Date with respect to the Restructuring Transaction, the 
obligations arising under Definitive Document to the extent imposing obligations arising 
after the Effective Date (including those set forth in the Plan Supplement), or other 
document, instrument, or agreement executed to implement the Plan, (2)  the rights of 
Holders of Allowed Claims to receive distributions under this Plan, (3) the rights of any 
current employee of the Debtors under any employment agreement or plan, (4) the rights of 
the Debtors with respect to any confidentiality provisions or covenants restricting 
competition in favor of the Debtors under any employment agreement with a current or 
former employee of the Debtors, (5) any Claim, Cause of Action, or defense related to the 
failure to execute an agreed upon amendment to any Executory Contract or Unexpired Lease 
to the extent such issue is not resolved prior to the Effective Date, or (6) any Claim or Cause 
of Action arising from an act or omission that is judicially determined by a Final Order to 
have constituted actual fraud, gross negligence, willful misconduct or criminal conduct. 
Entry of the Confirmation Order shall constitute the Bankruptcy Court’s approval, 
pursuant to Bankruptcy Rule 9019, of the terms by which matters are subject to a 
compromise and settlement, including the Debtor Releases in Article VIII.C which includes 
by reference each of the related provisions and definitions contained in this Plan, and, 
further, shall constitute the Bankruptcy Court’s finding that the Third-Party Releases in this 
Case 25-12197-BLS    Doc 14    Filed 12/14/25    Page 66 of 119

=== page 67 ===
 
6 
Article VIII.D are:  (1) essential to Confirmation of this Plan; (2) in exchange for the good 
and valuable consideration provided by the Released Parties, including the Released Parties’ 
contributions to facilitating the Restructuring Transactions and implementing this Plan; 
(3) a good-faith settlement and compromise of the Claims and Causes of Action released by 
the Third-Party Releases in this Article VIII.D; (4) in the best interests of the Debtors and 
their Estates and all Holders of Claims and Interests; (5) fair, equitable, and reasonably 
given and made after due notice and opportunity for a hearing; and (6) a bar to any of the 
Releasing Parties asserting any Claim or Cause of Action released pursuant to the 
Third-Party Releases in this Article VIII.D. 
Article VIII.E 
Exculpation 
Except as otherwise specifically provided in this Plan, no Exculpated Party shall have 
or incur liability for, and each Exculpated Party is hereby released and exculpated from, any 
Cause of Action or Claim whether direct or derivative related to any act or omission in 
connection with, relating to, or arising out of the Chapter 11 Cases from the Petition Date to 
or on the Effective Date, the formulation, preparation, dissemination, negotiation, or Filing 
of the Restructuring Support Agreement, the Picea Supply Agreement, New Picea Supply 
Agreement, the Disclosure Statement, this Plan, the Plan Supplement, or any transaction 
related to the Restructuring Transactions, any contract, instrument, release, or other 
agreement or document created or entered into before or during the Chapter 11 Cases in 
connection with the Restructuring Transactions, any preference, fraudulent transfer, or 
other avoidance Claim arising pursuant to chapter 5 of the Bankruptcy Code or other 
applicable law, the Filing of the Chapter 11 Cases, the pursuit of Confirmation, the pursuit 
of Consummation, the administration and implementation of this Plan, including the 
issuance of Securities pursuant to this Plan, or the distribution of property under this Plan 
or any other related agreement, or upon any other act or omission, transaction, agreement, 
event, or other occurrence taking place on or before the Effective Date related or relating to 
any of the foregoing, except for Claims related to any act or omission that is determined in a 
Final Order to have constituted willful misconduct, gross negligence, or actual fraud, but in 
all respects such Exculpated Parties shall be entitled to reasonably rely upon the advice of 
counsel with respect to their duties and responsibilities pursuant to this Plan and the 
Confirmation Orders. 
The Exculpated Parties set forth above have, and upon Confirmation of this Plan shall 
be deemed to have, participated in good faith and in compliance with applicable law with 
respect to the solicitation of votes and distribution of consideration pursuant to this Plan 
and, therefore, are not and shall not be liable at any time for the violation of any applicable 
law, rule, or regulation governing the solicitation of acceptances or rejections of this Plan or 
such distributions made pursuant to this Plan. 
Article VIII.F 
Injunction 
Upon entry of the Confirmation Order, all Holders of Claims and Interests and other 
parties in interest, along with their respective present or former employees, agents, officers, 
directors, principals, and Affiliates, and each of their successors and assigns, shall be 
enjoined from taking any actions to interfere with the implementation or Consummation of 
Case 25-12197-BLS    Doc 14    Filed 12/14/25    Page 67 of 119

=== page 68 ===
 
7 
this Plan in relation to any Claim or Interest that is extinguished, discharged, or released 
pursuant to this Plan. 
Except as otherwise expressly provided in this Plan or the Confirmation Orders, or 
for obligations issued or required to be paid pursuant to this Plan or the Confirmation 
Order, all Entities who have held, hold, or may hold Claims, Interests, or Causes of Action 
that have been released, discharged, or are subject to exculpation pursuant to Article VIII, 
are permanently enjoined, from and after the Effective Date, from taking any of the 
following actions against, as applicable, the Debtors, the Reorganized Debtors, the 
Exculpated Parties, and/or the Released Parties:   
a. commencing, conducting, or continuing in any manner any action or other 
proceeding of any kind on account of or in connection with or with respect to 
any such Claims, Interests, or Causes of Action; 
 
b. enforcing, levying, attaching, collecting, or recovering by any manner or 
means any judgment, award, decree, or Order against such Entities on account 
of or in connection with or with respect to any such Claims, Interests, or 
Causes of Action; 
 
c. creating, perfecting, or enforcing any Lien or encumbrance of any kind 
against such Entities or the property or the Estates of such Entities on account 
of or in connection with or with respect to any such Claims, Interests, or 
Causes of Action;  
 
d. asserting any right of setoff, subrogation, or recoupment of any kind against 
any obligation due from such Entities or against the property of such Entities 
on account of or in connection with or with respect to any such Claims, 
Interests, or Causes of Action unless such Holder has Filed a motion 
requesting the right to perform such setoff on or before the Effective Date, and 
notwithstanding an indication of a Claim or Interest or otherwise that such 
Holder asserts, has, or intends to preserve any right of setoff pursuant to 
applicable law or otherwise; and  
 
e. commencing or continuing in any manner any action or other proceeding of 
any kind on account of or in connection with or with respect to any such 
Claims, Interests, or Causes of Action released or settled pursuant to this Plan 
or the Confirmation Orders.   
No Person or Entity may commence or pursue a Claim or Cause of Action of any kind 
against the Debtors or the Exculpated Parties that relates to or is reasonably likely to relate 
to any act or omission in connection with, relating to, or arising out of a Claim or Cause of 
Action related to the Chapter 11 Cases prior to the Effective Date, the formulation, 
preparation, dissemination, negotiation, or Filing of the Restructuring Support Agreement, 
the Picea Supply Agreement, New Picea Supply Agreement, the Disclosure Statement, this 
Plan, the Plan Supplement, or any transaction related to the Restructuring, any contract, 
instrument, release, or other agreement or document created or entered into before or 
Case 25-12197-BLS    Doc 14    Filed 12/14/25    Page 68 of 119

=== page 69 ===
 
8 
during the Chapter 11 Cases in connection with the Restructuring Transactions, any 
preference, fraudulent transfer, or other avoidance Claim arising pursuant to chapter 5 of 
the Bankruptcy Code or other applicable law, the Filing of the Chapter 11 Cases, the pursuit 
of Confirmation, the pursuit of Consummation, the administration and implementation of 
this Plan, including the issuance of Securities pursuant to this Plan, or the distribution of 
property under this Plan or any other related agreement, or upon any other act or omission, 
transaction, agreement, event, or other occurrence taking place on or before the Effective 
Date related or relating to any of the foregoing, without regard to whether such Person or 
Entity is a Releasing Party, without the Bankruptcy Court (1) first determining, after notice 
and a hearing, that such Claim or Cause of Action represents a colorable Claim of any kind 
and (2) specifically authorizing such Person or Entity to bring such Claim or Cause of Action 
against any such Debtor or Exculpated Party.  
The Bankruptcy Court will have sole and exclusive jurisdiction to adjudicate the 
underlying colorable Claim or Causes of Action.  
Notwithstanding anything to the contrary in the foregoing, the injunction does not 
enjoin any party under this Plan, the Confirmation Order or under any other Definitive 
Document or other document, instrument, or agreement (including those attached to the 
Disclosure Statement or included in the Plan Supplement) executed to implement this Plan 
and the Confirmation Orders from bringing an action to enforce the terms of this Plan, the 
Confirmation Order or such document, instrument, or agreement (including those attached 
to the Disclosure Statement or included in the Plan Supplement) executed to implement this 
Plan and the Confirmation Orders.  The injunction in this Plan shall extend to any successors 
and assigns of the Debtors and the Reorganized Debtors and their respective property and 
interests in property. 
Article VIII.G 
Waiver of Statutory Limitations on Releases 
Each Releasing Party in each of the releases contained in this Plan expressly 
acknowledges that although ordinarily a general release may not extend to Claims that the 
Releasing Party does not know or suspect to exist in its favor, which if known by it may have 
materially affected its settlement with the party released, each Releasing Party has carefully 
considered and taken into account in determining to enter into the above releases the possible 
existence of such unknown losses or Claims.  Without limiting the generality of the foregoing, 
each Releasing Party expressly waives any and all rights conferred upon it by any statute or 
rule of law that provides that a release does not extend to Claims that the claimant does not 
know or suspect to exist in its favor at the time of executing the release, which if known by it 
may have materially affected its settlement with the Released Party.  The releases contained 
in this Plan are effective regardless of whether those released matters are presently known, 
unknown, suspected or unsuspected, foreseen or unforeseen.   
Relevant Definitions Related to Release and Exculpation Provisions: 
“Released Parties” means, each of, and in each case in its capacity as such: (a) each Debtor; 
(b) each Reorganized Debtor; (c) each First Lien Secured Party; (d) Picea Robotics; and (e) all 
Holders of Claims and Existing Equity Interests that receive a notice of non-voting status who 
affirmatively opt-in to the releases provided by the Plan by checking the box on the applicable 
Case 25-12197-BLS    Doc 14    Filed 12/14/25    Page 69 of 119

=== page 70 ===
 
9 
notice of non-voting status indicating that they opt-in to grant the releases provided in the Plan; 
(f) with respect to each of the Entities in the foregoing clauses (a) through (e), each such Entity’s 
current and former Affiliates (regardless of whether such interests are held directly or indirectly); 
(g) with respect to each of the Entities in the foregoing clauses (a) through (e), each such Entity’s 
current and former predecessors, participants, successors, assigns, subsidiaries, direct and indirect 
equityholders, interest holders, limited partners, co-investors, funds (including affiliated 
investment funds or investment vehicles), portfolio companies, and management companies; and 
(h) with respect to each of the Entities in the foregoing clauses (a) through (g), each such Entity’s 
current and former directors, officers, managers, members, principals, partners, employees, 
independent contractors, agents, representatives, managed accounts or funds (including any 
beneficial holders for the account of whom such funds are managed), management companies, 
fund advisors, investment advisors, advisory board members, financial advisors, partners 
(including both general and limited partners), consultants, financial advisors, attorneys, 
accountants, investment bankers, and other professionals; provided, that, in each case, an Entity 
shall not be a Releasing Party if fails to opt-in to the releases contained in this Plan, if permitted 
to opt-in.  
“Releasing Parties” means, each of, and in each case in its capacity as such: (a) each Debtor; 
(b) each Reorganized Debtor; (c) each First Lien Secured Party; (d) Picea Robotics; and (e) all 
Holders of Claims and Existing Equity Interests that receive the notice of non-voting status and, 
in each case, who do affirmatively opt-in to the releases provided by the Prepackaged Plan by 
checking the box on the applicable notice of non-voting status indicating that they opt to grant the 
releases provided in the Prepackaged Plan. 
YOU ARE ADVISED AND ENCOURAGED TO CAREFULLY REVIEW AND 
CONSIDER 
THE 
PREPACKAGED 
PLAN, 
INCLUDING 
THE 
RELEASE, 
EXCULPATION, AND INJUNCTION PROVISIONS, AS YOUR RIGHTS MAY BE 
AFFECTED. 
 
If you have questions about this Notice of Non-Voting Status, please contact  
Stretto, Inc.  
Telephone:  (833) 228-5389 (Domestic Toll-Free) or (949) 590-3576 (International) 
Email:  iRobotInquiries@stretto.com 
Website:  https://cases.stretto.com/iRobot 
 
[Remainder of page intentionally left blank] 
Case 25-12197-BLS    Doc 14    Filed 12/14/25    Page 70 of 119

=== page 71 ===
 
 
 
Dated: [●], 2025 
 
Wilmington, Delaware  
Respectfully submitted, 
YOUNG CONAWAY STARGATT & 
TAYLOR, LLP 
 
/s/ [●]  
 
 
 
Sean T. Greecher (No. 4484) 
Andrew L. Magaziner (No. 5426) 
Shella Borovinskaya (No. 6758) 
Kristin L. Cardoza (No. 6871) 
Rodney Square 
1000 North King Street 
Wilmington, Delaware 19801 
Telephone: (302) 571-6600 
Facsimile: (302) 571-1253 
Email:  sgreecher@ycst.com 
amagaziner@ycst.com 
sborovinskaya@ycst.com 
kcardoza@ycst.com 
 
 
- and - 
 
PAUL, WEISS, RIFKIND,  
WHARTON & GARRISON LLP 
Paul M. Basta (pro hac vice admission pending) 
Alice Belisle Eaton (pro hac vice admission pending) 
John T. Weber (pro hac vice admission pending) 
1285 Avenue of the Americas 
New York, New York 10019 
Tel:  
(212) 373-3000 
Fax:  (212) 757-3990 
Email:  pbasta@paulweiss.com 
aeaton@paulweiss.com 
jweber@paulweiss.com 
 
Proposed Counsel to the Debtors and 
Debtors in Possession 
Case 25-12197-BLS    Doc 14    Filed 12/14/25    Page 71 of 119

=== page 72 ===
 
 
 
Exhibit A to Notice of Non-Voting Status 
Release Opt-In Form 
Case 25-12197-BLS    Doc 14    Filed 12/14/25    Page 72 of 119

=== page 73 ===
 
 
 
IN THE UNITED STATES BANKRUPTCY COURT 
FOR THE DISTRICT OF DELAWARE 
 
 
)  
In re: 
) Chapter 11 
 
)  
iROBOT CORPORATION, et al., 1 
) Case No. 25-12197 (___) 
 
)  
 
 
 
Debtors. 
) (Jointly Administered) 
 
)  
 
RELEASE OPT-IN FORM 
You are receiving this opt-in form (this “Release Opt-In Form”) because you are or may be a 
Holder of a Claim or Interest that is not entitled to vote on the Joint Prepackaged Chapter 11 Plan 
of Reorganization of iRobot Corporation and Its Debtor Affiliates, dated as of December 14, 2025 
[Docket No. [●]] (as it may be amended, supplemented, or modified from time to time, 
the “Prepackaged Plan”).2  Your rights may be affected under the Prepackaged Plan.  A Holder of 
Claims and/or Interests is deemed to grant the third-party releases set forth below and in 
Article VIII of the Prepackaged Plan if such Holder affirmatively opts in on or before the Opt-In 
Deadline (as defined below) by following the instructions contained in this notice.  You should 
review this notice carefully and may wish to consult legal counsel as your rights may be affected.     
If you choose to opt into the third-party releases set forth in Article VIII.D of the Prepackaged 
Plan, please complete, sign, and date this Release Opt-In Form and return it promptly as directed 
below. 
THIS RELEASE OPT-IN FORM MUST BE ACTUALLY RECEIVED BY THE 
SOLICITATION AND VOTING AGENT BY JANUARY 15, 2026 AT 4:00 P.M. 
(PREVAILING EASTERN TIME (THE “OPT-IN DEADLINE”).  IF THE RELEASE 
OPT-IN FORM IS RECEIVED AFTER THE OPT-IN DEADLINE, IT WILL NOT BE 
COUNTED. 
Item 1.  Certification of Claim or Interest.  The undersigned certifies that, as of December 13, 
2025, the undersigned was the Holder of Claims or Interests, as applicable, in Class 1 (Other 
Secured Claims), Class 2 (Other Priority Claims), Class 5 (General Unsecured Claims), and/or 
Class 8 (Existing Equity Interests). 
☐ 
I am a Holder of Claims or Interests, as applicable, in Class 1 (Other Secured Claims), 
Class 2 (Other Priority Claims), Class 5 (General Unsecured Claims), and/or Class 8 (Existing 
Equity Interests) as of December 13, 2025 
 
1 The Debtors in these chapter 11 cases, along with the last four digits of each Debtor’s federal tax identification 
number, are: iRobot Corporation (9335); iRobot US Holdings, LLC (5237); and iRobot Holdings LLC (5307).  For 
purposes of these chapter 11 cases, the Debtors’ service address is 8 Crosby Drive, Bedford, MA 01730. 
2  Capitalized terms used but not otherwise defined herein shall have the meanings ascribed to them in 
the Prepackaged Plan. 
Case 25-12197-BLS    Doc 14    Filed 12/14/25    Page 73 of 119

=== page 74 ===
 
 
2 
The Prepackaged Plan contains the third-party release provisions set forth below.  If you 
affirmatively opt into granting the releases set forth in Prepackaged Plan by checking the 
box in Item 3 below, you are consenting to the releases contained in Article VIII of the 
Prepackaged Plan, pasted directly from the Prepackaged Plan below. 
Article VIII.D 
Third-Party Release  
Except as otherwise expressly set forth in this Plan or the Confirmation Orders, on 
and after the Effective Date, pursuant to Bankruptcy Rule 9019 and to the fullest extent 
permitted by applicable law and approved by the Bankruptcy Court, pursuant to 
section 1123(b) of the Bankruptcy Code, in exchange for good and valuable consideration, 
the adequacy of which is hereby confirmed, each Released Party is deemed to be, and hereby 
is conclusively, absolutely, unconditionally, irrevocably, finally, and forever released and 
discharged by each Releasing Party (in each case on behalf of themselves and their respective 
successors, assigns, and representatives, and any and all other Entities who may purport to 
assert any Claim or Cause of Action, directly or derivatively, by, through, for, or because of 
the foregoing Entities) from any and all Claims and Causes of Action, including any 
derivative Claims asserted or assertable on behalf of the Debtors, whether known or 
unknown, foreseen or unforeseen, asserted or unasserted, matured or unmatured, liquidated 
or unliquidated, fixed or contingent, accrued or unaccrued, existing or hereafter arising, in 
law, equity, contract, tort, or otherwise that such Entity would have been legally entitled to 
assert in their own right (whether individually or collectively) or on behalf of the Holder of 
any Claim or Cause of Action against, or Interest in, a Debtor based on or relating to, or in 
any manner arising from, in whole or in part, the Debtors (including the Debtors’ capital 
structure, management, ownership, assets, or operation thereof), the purchase, sale, or 
rescission of any security of the Debtors or the Reorganized Debtors, the subject matter of, 
or the transactions or events giving rise to, any Claim, Cause of Action, or Interest that is 
treated in this Plan, the business or contractual arrangements between any Debtor and any 
Released Party, the Debtors’ in- or out-of-court restructuring efforts, intercompany 
transactions between or among a Debtor or an Affiliate of a Debtor and another Debtor or 
an Affiliate of a Debtor, the Chapter 11 Cases, the Amended First Lien Credit Agreement, 
the formulation, preparation, dissemination, negotiation, or Filing of the Restructuring 
Support Agreement, the Picea Supply Agreement, New Picea Supply Agreement, the 
Disclosure Statement, this Plan (including, for the avoidance of doubt, the Plan Supplement), 
or any aspect of the Restructuring Transactions, including any contract, instrument, release, 
or other agreement or document created or entered into in connection with the Restructuring 
Support Agreement, the Picea Supply Agreement, New Picea Supply Agreement, the 
Disclosure Statement, this Plan, the Confirmation Order, the Chapter 11 Cases, the Filing of 
the Chapter 11 Cases, the pursuit of Confirmation, the pursuit of Consummation, the 
administration and implementation of this Plan, any action or actions taken in furtherance 
of or consistent with the administration of this Plan, including the issuance or distribution of 
Securities pursuant to this Plan, or the distribution of property under this Plan or any other 
related agreement, or upon any other act or omission, transaction, agreement, event, or other 
occurrence taking place on or before the Effective Date related or relating to any of the 
foregoing. 
Notwithstanding anything contained herein to the contrary, the foregoing release 
does not release (1) any post-Effective Date obligations of any party or Entity under the Plan, 
Case 25-12197-BLS    Doc 14    Filed 12/14/25    Page 74 of 119

=== page 75 ===
 
 
3 
any act occurring after the Effective Date with respect to the Restructuring Transaction, the 
obligations arising under Definitive Document to the extent imposing obligations arising 
after the Effective Date (including those set forth in the Plan Supplement), or other 
document, instrument, or agreement executed to implement the Plan, (2)  the rights of 
Holders of Allowed Claims to receive distributions under this Plan, (3) the rights of any 
current employee of the Debtors under any employment agreement or plan, (4) the rights of 
the Debtors with respect to any confidentiality provisions or covenants restricting 
competition in favor of the Debtors under any employment agreement with a current or 
former employee of the Debtors, (5) any Claim, Cause of Action, or defense related to the 
failure to execute an agreed upon amendment to any Executory Contract or Unexpired Lease 
to the extent such issue is not resolved prior to the Effective Date, or (6) any Claim or Cause 
of Action arising from an act or omission that is judicially determined by a Final Order to 
have constituted actual fraud, gross negligence, willful misconduct or criminal conduct. 
Entry of the Confirmation Order shall constitute the Bankruptcy Court’s approval, 
pursuant to Bankruptcy Rule 9019, of the terms by which matters are subject to a 
compromise and settlement, including the Debtor Releases in Article VIII.C, which includes 
by reference each of the related provisions and definitions contained in this Plan, and, 
further, shall constitute the Bankruptcy Court’s finding that the Third-Party Releases in 
Article VIII.D are:  (1) essential to Confirmation of this Plan; (2) in exchange for the good 
and valuable consideration provided by the Released Parties, including the Released Parties’ 
contributions to facilitating the Restructuring Transactions and implementing this Plan; 
(3) a good-faith settlement and compromise of the Claims and Causes of Action released by 
the Third-Party Releases in this Article VIII.D; (4) in the best interests of the Debtors and 
their Estates and all Holders of Claims and Interests; (5) fair, equitable, and reasonably 
given and made after due notice and opportunity for a hearing; and (6) a bar to any of the 
Releasing Parties asserting any Claim or Cause of Action released pursuant to the 
Third-Party Releases in this Article VIII.D. 
Relevant Definitions Related to Release and Provisions: 
“Released Parties” means, each of, and in each case in its capacity as such: (a) each Debtor; 
(b) each Reorganized Debtor; (c) each First Lien Secured Party; (d) Picea Robotics; and (e) all 
Holders of Claims and Existing Equity Interests that receive a notice of non-voting status who 
affirmatively opt-in to the releases provided by the Plan by checking the box on the applicable 
notice of non-voting status indicating that they opt-in to grant the releases provided in the Plan; 
(f) with respect to each of the Entities in the foregoing clauses (a) through (e), each such Entity’s 
current and former Affiliates (regardless of whether such interests are held directly or indirectly); 
(g) with respect to each of the Entities in the foregoing clauses (a) through (e), each such Entity’s 
current and former predecessors, participants, successors, assigns, subsidiaries, direct and indirect 
equityholders, interest holders, limited partners, co-investors, funds (including affiliated 
investment funds or investment vehicles), portfolio companies, and management companies; and 
(h) with respect to each of the Entities in the foregoing clauses (a) through (g), each such Entity’s 
current and former directors, officers, managers, members, principals, partners, employees, 
independent contractors, agents, representatives, managed accounts or funds (including any 
beneficial holders for the account of whom such funds are managed), management companies, 
fund advisors, investment advisors, advisory board members, financial advisors, partners 
(including both general and limited partners), consultants, financial advisors, attorneys, 
Case 25-12197-BLS    Doc 14    Filed 12/14/25    Page 75 of 119

=== page 76 ===
 
 
4 
accountants, investment bankers, and other professionals; provided, that, in each case, an Entity 
shall not be a Releasing Party if fails to opt-in to the releases contained in this Plan, if permitted 
to opt-in. 
“Releasing Parties” means, each of, and in each case in its capacity as such: (a) each Debtor; 
(b) each Reorganized Debtor; (c) each First Lien Secured Party; (d) Picea Robotics; and (e) all 
Holders of Claims and Existing Equity Interests that receive the notice of non-voting status and, 
in each case, who do affirmatively opt-in to the releases provided by the Prepackaged Plan by 
checking the box on the applicable notice of non-voting status indicating that they opt to grant the 
releases provided in the Prepackaged Plan. 
PURSUANT TO THE PREPACKAGED PLAN, IF YOU OPT INTO GRANTING THE 
RELEASES SET FORTH IN ARTICLE VIII OF THE PREPACKAGED PLAN, YOU ARE 
CONSENTING TO THE RELEASE PROVISIONS IN ARTICLE VIII OF THE 
PREPACKAGED PLAN.  
To ensure that your Release Opt-In Form is counted, complete the information in Item 3 and timely 
return your Release Opt-In Form. 
Item 3.  Certifications.  By signing this Release Opt-In Form, the undersigned certifies that:  
(a) that, as of December 13, 2025, either (i) the Holder is the Holder of the Claims or Interests 
set forth in Item 1; or (ii) the Holder is an authorized signatory for an entity that is a Holder 
of Claims or Interests set forth in Item 1;  
(b) the undersigned has received a copy of the Notice of Non-Voting Status and the Release 
Opt-In Form and that the Release Opt-In Form is made pursuant to the terms and conditions 
set forth therein;  
(c) the undersigned has submitted the same election concerning the releases with respect to all 
Claims or Interests in a single Class set forth in Item 1; and  
(d) that no other Release Opt-In Form with respect to the amount(s) of Claims or Interests 
identified in Item 1 has been submitted or, if any other Release Opt-In Forms have been 
submitted with respect to such Claims or Interests, then any such earlier Release Opt-In 
Forms are hereby revoked.  
By checking the box below, the undersigned holder of the Claims or Interests identified in 
Item 1 above, having received notice of the opportunity to opt into granting the releases 
contained in Article VIII of the Prepackaged Plan: 
☐ Elects to opt in to the releases contained in Article VIII of the Prepackaged Plan. 
Name of Holder:  
 
 
Signature: 
 
 
Name and Title of Signatory  
(if different than Holder): 
 
 
Case 25-12197-BLS    Doc 14    Filed 12/14/25    Page 76 of 119

=== page 77 ===
 
 
5 
Street Address: 
 
 
City, State, Zip Code: 
 
 
Telephone Number: 
 
 
E-mail Address:  
 
 
Date Completed: 
 
 
IF YOU WISH TO OPT IN, PLEASE COMPLETE, SIGN, AND DATE THIS RELEASE 
OPT-IN FORM AND RETURN IT TO THE SOLICITATION AND VOTING AGENT BY 
JUST ONE OF THE FOLLOWING METHODS SO THAT IT IS ACTUALLY RECEIVED 
BY THE SOLICITATION AND VOTING AGENT BY THE OPT IN DEADLINE ON 
JANUARY 15, 2026 AT 4:00 P.M. (PREVAILING EASTERN TIME): 
 
By first class mail: 
iRobot Ballot Processing 
c/o Stretto, Inc. 
410 Exchange, Suite 100 
Irvine, CA 92602 
By overnight or hand delivery: 
iRobot Ballot Processing 
c/o Stretto, Inc. 
410 Exchange, Suite 100 
Irvine, CA 92602 
For electronic submission: 
Visit https://cases.stretto.com/iRobot, click on the “E-Opt-In” section of the Solicitation and 
Voting Agent’s website for the Debtors, and follow the instructions to submit your Release 
Opt-In Form. 
 
IMPORTANT NOTE: You will need the following information to retrieve and submit your 
customized electronic Release Opt-In Form: 
 
Unique E-Opt-In ID#:______________________________  
 
The Solicitation and Voting Agent’s online portal is the sole manner in which Opt-In Forms 
will be accepted via electronic or online transmission.  Release Opt-In Forms submitted by 
facsimile, email, or other means of electronic transmission will not be counted.  
 
Creditors who submit an Release Opt-In Form using the Solicitation and Voting Agent’s 
online portal should NOT also submit a paper Release Opt-In Form.  
 
If you have any questions, please contact the Solicitation and Voting Agent at 
iRobotInquiries@stretto.com with “iRobot Solicitation Inquiry” in the subject line). 
 
 
THE OPT-IN DEADLINE IS JANUARY 15, 2026 AT 4:00 P.M. (PREVAILING EASTERN 
TIME).
Case 25-12197-BLS    Doc 14    Filed 12/14/25    Page 77 of 119

=== page 78 ===
 
 
 
Exhibit 3-A 
First Lien Claims Ballot
Case 25-12197-BLS    Doc 14    Filed 12/14/25    Page 78 of 119

=== page 79 ===
 
 
33761717.20 
NO CHAPTER 11 CASES HAVE BEEN COMMENCED AS OF THE DATE OF THE 
DISTRIBUTION OF THIS BALLOT.  THE DEBTORS INTEND TO FILE CHAPTER 11 
CASES AND SEEK CONFIRMATION OF THE PREPACKAGED PLAN (AS DEFINED 
BELOW) BY THE BANKRUPTCY COURT BEFORE THE VOTING DEADLINE. 
No person has been authorized to give any information or advice, or to make any representation, 
other than what is included in the Disclosure Statement and other materials accompanying this 
Ballot (each as defined below).1  Please note that, even if you intend to vote to reject the 
Prepackaged Plan, you must still read, complete, and execute this entire Ballot. 
IN THE UNITED STATES BANKRUPTCY COURT 
FOR THE DISTRICT OF DELAWARE 
 
 
)  
In re: 
) Chapter 11 
 
)  
iROBOT CORPORATION, et al., 2 
) Case No. 25-12197 (___) 
 
)  
 
 
 
Debtors. 
) (Joint Administration to be Requested) 
 
)  
 
BALLOT FOR VOTING TO ACCEPT OR REJECT  
THE JOINT PREPACKAGED CHAPTER 11 PLAN  
OF REORGANIZATION OF IROBOT CORPORATION AND ITS DEBTOR AFFILIATES 
CLASS THREE:  FIRST LIEN CLAIMS 
IN ORDER FOR YOUR VOTE TO BE COUNTED TOWARD CONFIRMATION OF 
THE PREPACKAGED PLAN, THIS BALLOT MUST BE COMPLETED, EXECUTED, 
AND RETURNED SO THAT IT IS ACTUALLY RECEIVED BY THE SOLICITATION 
AND VOTING AGENT ON OR BEFORE DECEMBER 14, 2025 AT 11:59 P.M. 
(PREVAILING EASTERN TIME) (THE “VOTING DEADLINE”), UNLESS EXTENDED 
BY THE DEBTORS. 
 
iRobot Corporation and certain of its affiliates (collectively, the “Debtors”) have provided 
you with this ballot (this “Ballot”) to solicit your vote to accept or reject the Joint Prepackaged 
Chapter 11 Plan of Reorganization of iRobot Corporation and Its Debtor Affiliates (as may be 
amended, supplemented, or modified from time to time, the “Prepackaged Plan”). 
You are receiving this Ballot because records indicate that you are a Holder of a First Lien 
Claim in Class 3 as of December 13, 2025 (the “Voting Record Date”).   
 
1   Capitalized terms used but not otherwise defined herein shall have the meanings ascribed to them in 
the Prepackaged Plan, as applicable. 
2  The Debtors in these chapter 11 cases, along with the last four digits of each Debtor’s federal tax identification 
number, are: iRobot Corporation (9335); iRobot US Holdings, LLC (5237); and iRobot Holdings LLC (5307).  
For purposes of these chapter 11 cases, the Debtors’ service address is 8 Crosby Drive, Bedford, MA 01730. 
Case 25-12197-BLS    Doc 14    Filed 12/14/25    Page 79 of 119

=== page 80 ===
 
2 
The Prepackaged Plan is attached as Exhibit A to the Disclosure Statement for the Joint 
Prepackaged Chapter 11 Plan of Reorganization of iRobot Corporation and Its Debtor Affiliates 
(as may be amended, supplemented, or modified from time to time, the “Disclosure Statement”), 
which accompanies this Ballot.  The Disclosure Statement provides information to assist you in 
deciding whether to accept or reject the Prepackaged Plan, including a description of the rights 
and treatment for each Class.  If you do not have a copy of the Disclosure Statement, you may 
obtain a copy from the Debtors’ solicitation and voting agent, Stretto, Inc. (the “Solicitation and 
Voting Agent”), by calling (833) 228-5389 (Domestic Toll-Free) or (949) 590-3576 
(International), or sending an electronic mail message to iRobotInquiries@stretto.com and 
requesting that a copy be provided to you.  You should review the Disclosure Statement and the 
Prepackaged Plan in their entirety before you vote.  You may wish to seek independent legal advice 
concerning the Prepackaged Plan and your classification and treatment under the Prepackaged 
Plan. 
As described in the Disclosure Statement, the Debtors intend to commence cases under 
chapter 11 of title 11 of the United States Code (the “Bankruptcy Code”) in the United States 
Bankruptcy Court for the District of Delaware (the “Bankruptcy Court”) following conclusion of 
this solicitation.  The Debtors then intend to seek entry of an order, among other things, 
conditionally approving the disclosure statement, conditionally approving the solicitation 
procedures, and scheduling a combined hearing for final approval of the Disclosure Statement and 
confirmation of the Prepackaged Plan. 
The Prepackaged Plan can be confirmed by the Bankruptcy Court and thereby made 
binding on you if:  (a) it is accepted by the holders of at least two-thirds of the aggregate principal 
amount and more than one-half in number of the Claims voted in each Impaired Class of Claims 
and (b) the Prepackaged Plan otherwise satisfies the applicable requirements of section 1129(a) of 
the Bankruptcy Code.  If the requisite acceptances are not obtained, the Bankruptcy Court may 
nonetheless confirm the Prepackaged Plan if it finds that the Prepackaged Plan (a) provides fair 
and equitable treatment to, and does not unfairly discriminate against, the Class or Classes 
rejecting the Prepackaged Plan and (b) otherwise satisfies the requirements of section 1129(b) of 
the Bankruptcy Code.  If the Prepackaged Plan is confirmed by the Bankruptcy Court and the 
Effective Date occurs, it will be binding on you whether or not you vote and even if you vote to 
reject the Prepackaged Plan.  To have your vote counted, you must complete, sign, and return this 
Ballot to the Solicitation and Voting Agent by the Voting Deadline. 
Your receipt of this Ballot does not signify that your Claim(s) has been or will be Allowed.  
This Ballot is solely for purposes of voting to accept or reject the Prepackaged Plan and not for the 
purpose of allowance or disallowance of or distribution on account of Class 3 First Lien Claims.  
You must provide all of the information requested by this Ballot.  Failure to do so may result in 
the disqualification of your vote. 
 
Case 25-12197-BLS    Doc 14    Filed 12/14/25    Page 80 of 119

=== page 81 ===
 
3 
NOTICE REGARDING CERTAIN RELEASE,  
EXCULPATION, AND INJUNCTION PROVISIONS IN PREPACKAGED PLAN3 
Article VIII.C 
Debtor Release  
Notwithstanding anything else contained herein to the contrary, to the fullest extent 
permitted by applicable law and approved by the Bankruptcy Court, pursuant to 
section 1123(b) of the Bankruptcy Code and Bankruptcy Rule 9019 and in exchange for good 
and valuable consideration, the adequacy of which is hereby confirmed, on and after the 
Effective Date, each Released Party is deemed to be, and hereby is conclusively, absolutely, 
unconditionally, irrevocably, finally, and forever released and discharged by each and all of 
the Debtors, the Reorganized Debtors, and their Estates, including any successors to the 
Debtors or any Estate’s representative appointed or selected pursuant to section 1123(b)(3) 
of the Bankruptcy Code, in each case on behalf of themselves and their respective successors, 
assigns, and representatives, and any and all other Entities who may purport to assert any 
Claim or Cause of Action, directly or derivatively, by, through, for, or because of the 
foregoing Entities, from any and all Claims and Causes of Action, including any derivative 
Claims asserted or assertable on behalf of the Debtors, whether known or unknown, foreseen 
or unforeseen, asserted or unasserted, matured or unmatured, liquidated or unliquidated, 
fixed or contingent, accrued or unaccrued, existing or hereafter arising, in law, equity, 
contract, tort, or otherwise, that the Debtors, the Reorganized Debtors, or their Estates 
would have been legally entitled to assert in their own right (whether individually or 
collectively) or on behalf of the Holder of any Claim or Cause of Action against, or Interest 
in, a Debtor or other Entity, based on or relating to, or in any manner arising from, in whole 
or in part, the Debtors, the Reorganized Debtors, or their Estates (including the Debtors’ 
capital structure, management, ownership, assets, or operation thereof), the purchase, sale, 
or rescission of any Security of the Debtors or the Reorganized Debtors, the assertion or 
enforcement of rights and remedies against the Debtors, the subject matter of, or the 
transactions or events giving rise to, any Claim, Causes of Action, or Interest that is treated 
in this Plan, the business or contractual arrangements between any Debtor and any Released 
Party, the Debtors’ in- or out-of-court restructuring efforts, intercompany transactions 
between or among a Debtor or an Affiliate of a Debtor and another Debtor or an Affiliate of 
a Debtor, the Chapter 11 Cases, the Amended First Lien Credit Agreement, the formulation, 
preparation, dissemination, negotiation, or Filing of the Restructuring Support Agreement, 
the Picea Supply Agreement, New Picea Supply Agreement, the Disclosure Statement, this 
Plan (including, for the avoidance of doubt, the Plan Supplement), or any aspect of the 
Restructuring Transactions, including any contract, instrument, release, or other agreement 
or document created or entered into in connection with the Restructuring Support 
Agreement, the Picea Supply Agreement, New Picea Supply Agreement, the Disclosure 
Statement, this Plan, the Confirmation Order,  the Chapter 11 Cases, the Filing of the 
Chapter 11 Cases, the pursuit of Confirmation, the pursuit of Consummation, the 
administration and implementation of this Plan, any action or actions taken in furtherance 
of or consistent with the administration of this Plan, including the issuance or distribution of 
Securities pursuant to this Plan, or the distribution of property under this Plan or any other 
related agreement, or upon any other act or omission, transaction, agreement, event, or other 
 
3  The provisions contained herein are copied directly from the Prepackaged Plan. 
Case 25-12197-BLS    Doc 14    Filed 12/14/25    Page 81 of 119

=== page 82 ===
 
4 
occurrence taking place on or before the Effective Date related or relating to any of the 
foregoing. 
Notwithstanding anything contained herein to the contrary, the foregoing release 
does not release (1) any post-Effective Date obligations of any party or Entity under the Plan, 
any act occurring after the Effective Date with respect to the Restructuring Transactions, 
the obligations arising under Definitive Document to the extent imposing obligations arising 
after the Effective Date (including those set forth in the Plan Supplement), or other 
document, instrument, or agreement executed to implement the Plan, (2) the rights of 
Holders of Allowed Claims under this Plan, including the right to receive distributions under 
this Plan, (3) any Cause of Action, listed, described or otherwise included on the Schedule of 
Retained Causes of Action, (4) any Claim, Cause of Action, dispute, or defense related to the 
failure to execute an agreed upon amendment to any Executory Contract or Unexpired Lease 
to the extent such issue is not resolved prior to the Effective Date, (5) any Claim or Cause of 
Action arising from an act or omission that is judicially determined by a Final Order to have 
constituted actual fraud, gross negligence, willful misconduct or criminal conduct, or (6) any 
Claim, dispute, or defense of the Debtors or the Reorganized Debtors preserved under the 
Plan. 
Entry of the Confirmation Order shall constitute the Bankruptcy Court’s approval, 
pursuant to Bankruptcy Rule 9019, of the terms by which matters are subject to a 
compromise and settlement, including the Debtor Releases in Article VIII.C, which includes 
by reference each of the related provisions and definitions contained in this Plan, and, 
further, shall constitute the Bankruptcy Court’s finding that the Debtor Releases in Article 
VIII.C are: (1) essential to Confirmation of this Plan; (2) an exercise of the Debtors’ business 
judgment; (3) in exchange for the good and valuable consideration provided by the Released 
Parties, including the Released Parties’ contributions to facilitating the Restructuring 
Transactions and implementing this Plan; (4) a good-faith settlement and compromise of the 
Claims and Causes of Action released by the Debtor Releases in Article VIII.C; (5) in the 
best interests of the Debtors, their Estates, and all Holders of Claims and Interests; (6) fair, 
equitable, and reasonably given and made after due notice and opportunity for a hearing; 
and (7) a bar to any of the Debtors, the Reorganized Debtors, or the Debtors’ Estates 
asserting any Claim or Cause of Action released pursuant to the Debtor Releases in Article 
VIII.C. 
Article VIII.D 
Third-Party Release 
Except as otherwise expressly set forth in this Plan or the Confirmation Orders, on 
and after the Effective Date, pursuant to Bankruptcy Rule 9019 and to the fullest extent 
permitted by applicable law and approved by the Bankruptcy Court, pursuant to 
section 1123(b) of the Bankruptcy Code, in exchange for good and valuable consideration, 
the adequacy of which is hereby confirmed, each Released Party is deemed to be, and hereby 
is conclusively, absolutely, unconditionally, irrevocably, finally, and forever released and 
discharged by each Releasing Party (in each case on behalf of themselves and their respective 
successors, assigns, and representatives, and any and all other Entities who may purport to 
assert any Claim or Cause of Action, directly or derivatively, by, through, for, or because of 
the foregoing Entities) from any and all Claims and Causes of Action, including any 
derivative Claims asserted or assertable on behalf of the Debtors, whether known or 
Case 25-12197-BLS    Doc 14    Filed 12/14/25    Page 82 of 119

=== page 83 ===
 
5 
unknown, foreseen or unforeseen, asserted or unasserted, matured or unmatured, liquidated 
or unliquidated, fixed or contingent, accrued or unaccrued, existing or hereafter arising, in 
law, equity, contract, tort, or otherwise that such Entity would have been legally entitled to 
assert in their own right (whether individually or collectively) or on behalf of the Holder of 
any Claim or Cause of Action against, or Interest in, a Debtor based on or relating to, or in 
any manner arising from, in whole or in part, the Debtors (including the Debtors’ capital 
structure, management, ownership, assets, or operation thereof), the purchase, sale, or 
rescission of any security of the Debtors or the Reorganized Debtors, the subject matter of, 
or the transactions or events giving rise to, any Claim, Cause of Action, or Interest that is 
treated in this Plan, the business or contractual arrangements between any Debtor and any 
Released Party, the Debtors’ in- or out-of-court restructuring efforts, intercompany 
transactions between or among a Debtor or an Affiliate of a Debtor and another Debtor or 
an Affiliate of a Debtor, the Chapter 11 Cases, the Amended First Lien Credit Agreement, 
the formulation, preparation, dissemination, negotiation, or Filing of the Restructuring 
Support Agreement, the Picea Supply Agreement, New Picea Supply Agreement, the 
Disclosure Statement, this Plan (including, for the avoidance of doubt, the Plan Supplement), 
or any aspect of the Restructuring Transactions, including any contract, instrument, release, 
or other agreement or document created or entered into in connection with the Restructuring 
Support Agreement, the Picea Supply Agreement, New Picea Supply Agreement, the 
Disclosure Statement, this Plan, the Confirmation Order, the Chapter 11 Cases, the Filing of 
the Chapter 11 Cases, the pursuit of Confirmation, the pursuit of Consummation, the 
administration and implementation of this Plan, any action or actions taken in furtherance 
of or consistent with the administration of this Plan, including the issuance or distribution of 
Securities pursuant to this Plan, or the distribution of property under this Plan or any other 
related agreement, or upon any other act or omission, transaction, agreement, event, or other 
occurrence taking place on or before the Effective Date related or relating to any of the 
foregoing. 
Notwithstanding anything contained herein to the contrary, the foregoing release 
does not release (1) any post-Effective Date obligations of any party or Entity under the Plan, 
any act occurring after the Effective Date with respect to the Restructuring Transaction, the 
obligations arising under Definitive Document to the extent imposing obligations arising 
after the Effective Date (including those set forth in the Plan Supplement), or other 
document, instrument, or agreement executed to implement the Plan, (2)  the rights of 
Holders of Allowed Claims to receive distributions under this Plan, (3) the rights of any 
current employee of the Debtors under any employment agreement or plan, (4) the rights of 
the Debtors with respect to any confidentiality provisions or covenants restricting 
competition in favor of the Debtors under any employment agreement with a current or 
former employee of the Debtors, (5) any Claim, Cause of Action, or defense related to the 
failure to execute an agreed upon amendment to any Executory Contract or Unexpired Lease 
to the extent such issue is not resolved prior to the Effective Date, or (6) any Claim or Cause 
of Action arising from an act or omission that is judicially determined by a Final Order to 
have constituted actual fraud, gross negligence, willful misconduct or criminal conduct. 
Entry of the Confirmation Order shall constitute the Bankruptcy Court’s approval, 
pursuant to Bankruptcy Rule 9019, of the terms by which matters are subject to a 
compromise and settlement, including the Debtor Releases in Article VIII.C which includes 
Case 25-12197-BLS    Doc 14    Filed 12/14/25    Page 83 of 119

=== page 84 ===
 
6 
by reference each of the related provisions and definitions contained in this Plan, and, 
further, shall constitute the Bankruptcy Court’s finding that the Third-Party Releases in this 
Article VIII.D are:  (1) essential to Confirmation of this Plan; (2) in exchange for the good 
and valuable consideration provided by the Released Parties, including the Released Parties’ 
contributions to facilitating the Restructuring Transactions and implementing this Plan; 
(3) a good-faith settlement and compromise of the Claims and Causes of Action released by 
the Third-Party Releases in this Article VIII.D; (4) in the best interests of the Debtors and 
their Estates and all Holders of Claims and Interests; (5) fair, equitable, and reasonably 
given and made after due notice and opportunity for a hearing; and (6) a bar to any of the 
Releasing Parties asserting any Claim or Cause of Action released pursuant to the 
Third-Party Releases in this Article VIII.D. 
Article VIII.E 
Exculpation 
Except as otherwise specifically provided in this Plan, no Exculpated Party shall have 
or incur liability for, and each Exculpated Party is hereby released and exculpated from, any 
Cause of Action or Claim whether direct or derivative related to any act or omission in 
connection with, relating to, or arising out of the Chapter 11 Cases from the Petition Date to 
or on the Effective Date, the formulation, preparation, dissemination, negotiation, or Filing 
of the Restructuring Support Agreement, the Picea Supply Agreement, New Picea Supply 
Agreement, the Disclosure Statement, this Plan, the Plan Supplement, or any transaction 
related to the Restructuring Transactions, any contract, instrument, release, or other 
agreement or document created or entered into before or during the Chapter 11 Cases in 
connection with the Restructuring Transactions, any preference, fraudulent transfer, or 
other avoidance Claim arising pursuant to chapter 5 of the Bankruptcy Code or other 
applicable law, the Filing of the Chapter 11 Cases, the pursuit of Confirmation, the pursuit 
of Consummation, the administration and implementation of this Plan, including the 
issuance of Securities pursuant to this Plan, or the distribution of property under this Plan 
or any other related agreement, or upon any other act or omission, transaction, agreement, 
event, or other occurrence taking place on or before the Effective Date related or relating to 
any of the foregoing, except for Claims related to any act or omission that is determined in a 
Final Order to have constituted willful misconduct, gross negligence, or actual fraud, but in 
all respects such Exculpated Parties shall be entitled to reasonably rely upon the advice of 
counsel with respect to their duties and responsibilities pursuant to this Plan and the 
Confirmation Orders. 
The Exculpated Parties set forth above have, and upon Confirmation of this Plan shall 
be deemed to have, participated in good faith and in compliance with applicable law with 
respect to the solicitation of votes and distribution of consideration pursuant to this Plan 
and, therefore, are not and shall not be liable at any time for the violation of any applicable 
law, rule, or regulation governing the solicitation of acceptances or rejections of this Plan or 
such distributions made pursuant to this Plan. 
Article VIII.F 
Injunction 
Upon entry of the Confirmation Order, all Holders of Claims and Interests and other 
parties in interest, along with their respective present or former employees, agents, officers, 
directors, principals, and Affiliates, and each of their successors and assigns, shall be 
Case 25-12197-BLS    Doc 14    Filed 12/14/25    Page 84 of 119

=== page 85 ===
 
7 
enjoined from taking any actions to interfere with the implementation or Consummation of 
this Plan in relation to any Claim or Interest that is extinguished, discharged, or released 
pursuant to this Plan. 
Except as otherwise expressly provided in this Plan or the Confirmation Orders, or 
for obligations issued or required to be paid pursuant to this Plan or the Confirmation 
Order, all Entities who have held, hold, or may hold Claims, Interests, or Causes of Action 
that have been released, discharged, or are subject to exculpation pursuant to Article VIII, 
are permanently enjoined, from and after the Effective Date, from taking any of the 
following actions against, as applicable, the Debtors, the Reorganized Debtors, the 
Exculpated Parties, and/or the Released Parties:   
a. commencing, conducting, or continuing in any manner any action or other 
proceeding of any kind on account of or in connection with or with respect to 
any such Claims, Interests, or Causes of Action; 
 
b. enforcing, levying, attaching, collecting, or recovering by any manner or 
means any judgment, award, decree, or Order against such Entities on account 
of or in connection with or with respect to any such Claims, Interests, or 
Causes of Action; 
 
c. creating, perfecting, or enforcing any Lien or encumbrance of any kind 
against such Entities or the property or the Estates of such Entities on account 
of or in connection with or with respect to any such Claims, Interests, or 
Causes of Action;  
 
d. asserting any right of setoff, subrogation, or recoupment of any kind against 
any obligation due from such Entities or against the property of such Entities 
on account of or in connection with or with respect to any such Claims, 
Interests, or Causes of Action unless such Holder has Filed a motion 
requesting the right to perform such setoff on or before the Effective Date, and 
notwithstanding an indication of a Claim or Interest or otherwise that such 
Holder asserts, has, or intends to preserve any right of setoff pursuant to 
applicable law or otherwise; and  
 
e. commencing or continuing in any manner any action or other proceeding of 
any kind on account of or in connection with or with respect to any such 
Claims, Interests, or Causes of Action released or settled pursuant to this Plan 
or the Confirmation Orders.   
No Person or Entity may commence or pursue a Claim or Cause of Action of any kind 
against the Debtors or the Exculpated Parties that relates to or is reasonably likely to relate 
to any act or omission in connection with, relating to, or arising out of a Claim or Cause of 
Action related to the Chapter 11 Cases prior to the Effective Date, the formulation, 
preparation, dissemination, negotiation, or Filing of the Restructuring Support Agreement, 
the Picea Supply Agreement, New Picea Supply Agreement, the Disclosure Statement, this 
Plan, the Plan Supplement, or any transaction related to the Restructuring, any contract, 
Case 25-12197-BLS    Doc 14    Filed 12/14/25    Page 85 of 119

=== page 86 ===
 
8 
instrument, release, or other agreement or document created or entered into before or 
during the Chapter 11 Cases in connection with the Restructuring Transactions, any 
preference, fraudulent transfer, or other avoidance Claim arising pursuant to chapter 5 of 
the Bankruptcy Code or other applicable law, the Filing of the Chapter 11 Cases, the pursuit 
of Confirmation, the pursuit of Consummation, the administration and implementation of 
this Plan, including the issuance of Securities pursuant to this Plan, or the distribution of 
property under this Plan or any other related agreement, or upon any other act or omission, 
transaction, agreement, event, or other occurrence taking place on or before the Effective 
Date related or relating to any of the foregoing, without regard to whether such Person or 
Entity is a Releasing Party, without the Bankruptcy Court (1) first determining, after notice 
and a hearing, that such Claim or Cause of Action represents a colorable Claim of any kind 
and (2) specifically authorizing such Person or Entity to bring such Claim or Cause of Action 
against any such Debtor or Exculpated Party.  
The Bankruptcy Court will have sole and exclusive jurisdiction to adjudicate the 
underlying colorable Claim or Causes of Action.  
Notwithstanding anything to the contrary in the foregoing, the injunction does not 
enjoin any party under this Plan, the Confirmation Order or under any other Definitive 
Document or other document, instrument, or agreement (including those attached to the 
Disclosure Statement or included in the Plan Supplement) executed to implement this Plan 
and the Confirmation Orders from bringing an action to enforce the terms of this Plan, the 
Confirmation Order or such document, instrument, or agreement (including those attached 
to the Disclosure Statement or included in the Plan Supplement) executed to implement this 
Plan and the Confirmation Orders.  The injunction in this Plan shall extend to any successors 
and assigns of the Debtors and the Reorganized Debtors and their respective property and 
interests in property. 
Article VIII.G 
Waiver of Statutory Limitations on Releases 
Each Releasing Party in each of the releases contained in this Plan expressly 
acknowledges that although ordinarily a general release may not extend to Claims that the 
Releasing Party does not know or suspect to exist in its favor, which if known by it may have 
materially affected its settlement with the party released, each Releasing Party has carefully 
considered and taken into account in determining to enter into the above releases the possible 
existence of such unknown losses or Claims.  Without limiting the generality of the foregoing, 
each Releasing Party expressly waives any and all rights conferred upon it by any statute or 
rule of law that provides that a release does not extend to Claims that the claimant does not 
know or suspect to exist in its favor at the time of executing the release, which if known by it 
may have materially affected its settlement with the Released Party.  The releases contained 
in this Plan are effective regardless of whether those released matters are presently known, 
unknown, suspected or unsuspected, foreseen or unforeseen. 
Relevant Definitions Related to Release and Exculpation Provisions: 
“Exculpated Parties” means each of the Debtors’ Estates and their respective fiduciaries, including 
the Debtors’ directors and officers holding such positions at any time between the Petition Date 
and Effective Date. 
Case 25-12197-BLS    Doc 14    Filed 12/14/25    Page 86 of 119

=== page 87 ===
 
9 
“Released Parties” means, each of, and in each case in its capacity as such: (a) each Debtor; 
(b) each Reorganized Debtor; (c) each First Lien Secured Party; (d) Picea Robotics; and (e) all 
Holders of Claims and Existing Equity Interests that receive a notice of non-voting status who 
affirmatively opt-in to the releases provided by the Plan by checking the box on the applicable 
notice of non-voting status indicating that they opt-in to grant the releases provided in the Plan; 
(f) with respect to each of the Entities in the foregoing clauses (a) through (e), each such Entity’s 
current and former Affiliates (regardless of whether such interests are held directly or indirectly); 
(g) with respect to each of the Entities in the foregoing clauses (a) through (e), each such Entity’s 
current and former predecessors, participants, successors, assigns, subsidiaries, direct and indirect 
equityholders, interest holders, limited partners, co-investors, funds (including affiliated 
investment funds or investment vehicles), portfolio companies, and management companies; and 
(h) with respect to each of the Entities in the foregoing clauses (a) through (g), each such Entity’s 
current and former directors, officers, managers, members, principals, partners, employees, 
independent contractors, agents, representatives, managed accounts or funds (including any 
beneficial holders for the account of whom such funds are managed), management companies, 
fund advisors, investment advisors, advisory board members, financial advisors, partners 
(including both general and limited partners), consultants, financial advisors, attorneys, 
accountants, investment bankers, and other professionals; provided, that, in each case, an Entity 
shall not be a Releasing Party if fails to opt-in to the releases contained in this Plan, if permitted 
to opt-in.  
“Releasing Parties” means, each of, and in each case in its capacity as such: (a) each Debtor; 
(b) each Reorganized Debtor; (c) each First Lien Secured Party; (d) Picea Robotics; and (e) all 
Holders of Claims and Existing Equity Interests that receive the notice of non-voting status and, 
in each case, who do affirmatively opt-in to the releases provided by the Prepackaged Plan by 
checking the box on the applicable notice of non-voting status indicating that they opt to grant the 
releases provided in the Prepackaged Plan. 
YOU ARE ADVISED AND ENCOURAGED TO CAREFULLY REVIEW AND 
CONSIDER 
THE 
PREPACKAGED 
PLAN, 
INCLUDING 
THE 
RELEASE, 
EXCULPATION, AND INJUNCTION PROVISIONS, AS YOUR RIGHTS MIGHT BE 
AFFECTED. 
[Remainder of Page Intentionally Left Blank] 
Case 25-12197-BLS    Doc 14    Filed 12/14/25    Page 87 of 119

=== page 88 ===
 
10 
 
PLEASE READ THE ATTACHED VOTING INFORMATION  
AND INSTRUCTIONS BEFORE COMPLETING THIS BALLOT 
PLEASE COMPLETE ITEMS 1, 2, 3, 4, AND 5.  IF THIS BALLOT HAS NOT BEEN 
PROPERLY SIGNED IN THE SPACE PROVIDED, YOUR VOTE MAY NOT BE VALID 
OR COUNTED AS HAVING BEEN CAST. 
Item 1.  Principal Amount of Claims.  The undersigned hereby certifies that, as of the Voting 
Record Date, the undersigned was the Holder (or authorized signatory of such a Holder) of First 
Lien Claims in the amount set forth below. 
$ 
 
 
 
Item 2.  Votes on the Prepackaged Plan.  Please vote either to accept or to reject 
the Prepackaged Plan with respect to your Claims below.  Any Ballot not marked either to accept 
or reject the Prepackaged Plan, or marked both to accept and reject the Prepackaged Plan, shall 
not be counted in determining acceptance or rejection of the Prepackaged Plan. 
The undersigned Holder of Class 3 First Lien Claims votes to (check one box): 
☐ 
Accept the Prepackaged Plan  
☐ 
Reject the Prepackaged Plan 
Item 3. Optional Opt-In Release Election. Regardless of how you voted in Item 2 above, check 
the box below if you elect to grant the releases contained in Article VIII of the Prepackaged Plan.  
If you submit a Ballot voting to accept or reject the Prepackaged Plan, or if you abstain from 
submitting a Ballot, and in each case, you check the box below, you will be consenting to the 
releases contained in Article VIII of the Prepackaged Plan to the fullest extent permitted by 
applicable law.  The Holder of the Class 3 First Lien Claim set forth in Item 1 elects to: 
☐ 
OPT IN to the releases contained in Article VIII of the Prepackaged Plan. 
Item 4. Eligible Holder Certification. Please identify whether you are an “Eligible Holder,” 
which means that you certify that you are one of the following: (a) a “qualified institutional buyer” 
(as such term is defined in Rule 144A of the Securities Act), (b) an “accredited investor” (as such 
term is defined in Rule 501 of Regulation D of the Securities Act), or (c) a Holder located outside 
the United States, and a person other than a “U.S. person” (as defined in Rule 902(k) of 
Regulation S of the Securities Act) and not participating on behalf of or on account of a U.S. person 
(see Exhibit A hereto for relevant definitions).  
☐ 
ELIGIBLE HOLDER 
Item 5. Acknowledgments. By signing this Ballot, the Holder (or authorized signatory of such 
Holder) acknowledges receipt of the Prepackaged Plan, the Disclosure Statement, and the other 
applicable solicitation materials, and certifies that (a) it has the power and authority to vote to 
accept or reject the Prepackaged Plan, (b) it was the Holder (or is entitled to vote on behalf of such 
Holder) of the Class 3 First Lien Claims described in Item 1 as of the Voting Record Date, (c) it 
has read, and understands, the certification required in Item 4, including the related information in 
Case 25-12197-BLS    Doc 14    Filed 12/14/25    Page 88 of 119

=== page 89 ===
 
11 
 
Exhibit A hereto, and has accurately and correctly completed such certification, and (d) all 
authority conferred or agreed to be conferred pursuant to this Ballot, and every obligation of the 
undersigned hereunder, shall be binding on the transferees, successors, assigns, heirs, executors, 
administrators, trustees in bankruptcy, and legal representatives of the undersigned, and shall not 
be affected by, and shall survive, the death or incapacity of the undersigned. 
 
 
Name of Holder  
 
 
Signature  
 
 
If by Authorized Agent, Name and Title  
 
 
Name of Institution  
 
 
Street Address City, State, Zip Code  
 
 
Telephone Number  
 
 
Date Completed 
 
 
E-Mail Address 
Case 25-12197-BLS    Doc 14    Filed 12/14/25    Page 89 of 119

=== page 90 ===
 
12 
 
VOTING INFORMATION AND INSTRUCTIONS FOR COMPLETING THIS 
BALLOT1 
1. 
Ballots received after the Voting Deadline (if the Voting Deadline has not been extended) 
may not, at the Debtors’ discretion, be counted.  The Solicitation and Voting Agent will 
tabulate properly completed Ballots received on or before the Voting Deadline. 
2. 
Complete this Ballot by providing all the information requested, signing, dating, and 
returning this Ballot to the Solicitation and Voting Agent.  Any Ballot that is illegible, 
contains insufficient information to identify the Holder, or is unsigned will not be counted.  
Ballots may not be submitted to the Solicitation and Voting Agent by email or facsimile.  
If neither the “accept” nor “reject” box is checked in Item 2, both boxes are checked in 
Item 2, or this Ballot is otherwise not properly completed, executed, or timely returned, 
then this Ballot shall not be counted in determining acceptance or rejection of the 
Prepackaged Plan. 
3. 
The Prepackaged Plan can be confirmed by the Bankruptcy Court and thereby made 
binding upon you and the holders if (a) it is accepted by the holders of at least two-thirds 
of the aggregate principal amount and more than one-half in number of the Claims voted 
in each Impaired Class of Claims and (b) the Prepackaged Plan otherwise satisfies the 
applicable requirements of section 1129(a) of the Bankruptcy Code.  If the requisite 
acceptances are not obtained, the Bankruptcy Court may nonetheless confirm the 
Prepackaged Plan if it finds that the Prepackaged Plan provides fair and equitable treatment 
to, and does not discriminate unfairly against, the Class or Classes rejecting it, and 
otherwise satisfies the requirements of section 1129(b) of the Bankruptcy Code. 
4. 
You must vote all your Claims within a single class under the Prepackaged Plan either to 
accept or reject the Prepackaged Plan.  Accordingly, if you return more than one Ballot 
voting different or inconsistent Claims within a single Class under the Prepackaged Plan, 
the Ballots are not voted in the same manner, and you do not correct this before the Voting 
Deadline, those Ballots will not be counted.  An otherwise properly executed Ballot that 
attempts to partially accept and partially reject the Prepackaged Plan likewise will not be 
counted. 
5. 
If you vote to accept or reject the Prepackaged Plan or if you are abstaining from 
voting to accept or reject the Prepackaged Plan, and in each case elect to grant the 
releases contained in Article VIII of the Prepackaged Plan, you must check the box 
in Item 3.  Election to withhold consent is at your option.  If you do not check the box 
in Item 3, you will be consenting to the releases set forth in Article VIII of the 
Prepackaged Plan. 
6. 
This Ballot does not constitute, and shall not be deemed to be, a proof of Claim or an 
assertion or admission of Claims. 
7. 
This Ballot is not a letter of transmittal and may not be used for any purpose other than to 
vote to accept or reject the Prepackaged Plan. 
 
1   For any Ballot cast via electronic mail, the format of the attachment must be found in the common workplace and 
industry standard format (i.e., industry-standard PDF file) and the received date and time in the Solicitation and 
Voting Agent’s inbox will be used as the timestamp for receipt. 
Case 25-12197-BLS    Doc 14    Filed 12/14/25    Page 90 of 119

=== page 91 ===
 
13 
 
8. 
If you cast more than one Ballot voting the same Claims prior to the Voting Deadline, the 
latest received, properly executed Ballot submitted to the Solicitation and Voting Agent 
will supersede any prior Ballot. 
9. 
This Ballot shall automatically be null and void and deemed withdrawn without any 
requirement of affirmative action by or notice to you in the event that (a) the Debtors revoke 
or withdraw the Prepackaged Plan, or (b) the Confirmation Order is not entered or 
consummation of the Prepackaged Plan does not occur.  In addition, for the avoidance of 
doubt, any Ballot submitted by the Holder of First Lien Claims shall be subject to the 
applicable provisions of the Restructuring Support Agreement. 
10. 
There may be changes made to the Prepackaged Plan that do not cause material adverse 
effects on an accepting class.  If such non-material changes are made to the Prepackaged 
Plan, in accordance with its terms and the Restructuring Support Agreement, the Debtors 
will not resolicit votes for acceptance or rejection of the Prepackaged Plan. 
11. 
NO PERSON HAS BEEN AUTHORIZED TO GIVE ANY INFORMATION OR 
ADVICE, OR TO MAKE ANY REPRESENTATION, OTHER THAN WHAT IS 
CONTAINED IN THE MATERIALS MAILED WITH THIS BALLOT, ANY 
SUPPLEMENTAL INFORMATION PROVIDED BY THE DEBTORS, OR OTHER 
MATERIALS AUTHORIZED BY THE BANKRUPTCY COURT. 
12. 
PLEASE RETURN YOUR BALLOT PROMPTLY. 
13. 
IF YOU HAVE ANY QUESTIONS CONCERNING THIS BALLOT OR THE VOTING 
PROCEDURES, PLEASE CONTACT THE SOLICITATION AND VOTING AGENT 
BY CALLING TOLL FREE IN THE U.S. AT (833) 228-5389 OR (949) 590-3576 IF 
OUTSIDE 
OF 
THE 
U.S., 
OR 
BY 
ELECTRONIC 
MAIL 
TO 
iRobotInquiries@stretto.com.  PLEASE DO NOT DIRECT ANY INQUIRIES TO THE 
BANKRUPTCY COURT. 
14. 
THE SOLICITATION AND VOTING AGENT IS NOT AUTHORIZED TO AND WILL 
NOT PROVIDE LEGAL ADVICE. 
THE VOTING DEADLINE TO ACCEPT OR REJECT THE PREPACKAGED PLAN IS 
DECEMBER 14, 2025 AT 11:59 P.M. (PREVAILING EASTERN TIME). 
ALL BALLOTS MUST BE PROPERLY EXECUTED, COMPLETED, AND DELIVERED 
ACCORDING TO THE VOTING INSTRUCTIONS SO THAT THE BALLOTS ARE 
ACTUALLY RECEIVED BY THE SOLICITATION AND VOTING AGENT NO LATER 
THAN THE VOTING DEADLINE.
Case 25-12197-BLS    Doc 14    Filed 12/14/25    Page 91 of 119

=== page 92 ===
 
 
 
Exhibit A 
Case 25-12197-BLS    Doc 14    Filed 12/14/25    Page 92 of 119

=== page 93 ===
 
 
 
DEFINITIONS 
“Accredited investor” is defined in Rule 501 of the Securities Act of 1933 as: 
(a) any person who comes within any of the following categories, or who the issuer reasonably believes 
comes within any of the following categories, at the time of the sale of the securities to that person: 
(1) Any bank as defined in section 3(a)(2) of the Securities Act, or any savings and loan 
association or other institution as defined in section 3(a)(5)(A) of the Securities Act 
whether acting in its individual or fiduciary capacity; any broker or dealer registered 
pursuant to section 15 of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934; any insurance company as 
defined in section 2(13) of the Securities Act; any investment company registered under 
the Investment Company Act of 1940 or a business development company as defined in 
section 2(a)(48) of that Act; any Small Business Investment Company licensed by the U.S. 
Small Business Administration under section 301(c) or (d) of the Small Business 
Investment Act of 1958; any plan established and maintained by a state, its political 
subdivisions, or any agency or instrumentality of a state or its political subdivisions, for 
the benefit of its employees, if such plan has total assets in excess of $5,000,000; any 
employee benefit plan within the meaning of the Employee Retirement Income Security 
Act of 1974 if the investment decision is made by a plan fiduciary, as defined in section 
3(21) of such Act, which is either a bank, savings and loan association, insurance company, 
or registered investment adviser, or if the employee benefit plan has total assets in excess 
of $5,000,000 or, if a self-directed plan, with investment decisions made solely by persons 
that are accredited investors; 
(2) Any private business development company as defined in section 202(a)(22) of the 
Investment Advisers Act of 1940; 
(3) Any organization described in section 501(c)(3) of the Internal Revenue Code, corporation, 
Massachusetts or similar business trust, partnership, or limited liability company, not 
formed for the specific purpose of acquiring the securities offered, with total assets in 
excess of $5,000,000; 
(4) Any director, executive officer, or general partner of the issuer of the securities being 
offered or sold, or any director, executive officer, or general partner of a general partner of 
that issuer; 
(5) Any natural person whose individual net worth, or joint net worth with that person’s spouse 
or spousal equivalent, exceeds $1,000,000. 
(i) Except as provided in paragraph (a)(5)(ii) of this section, for purposes of 
calculating net worth under this paragraph (a)(5): 
(A) The person’s primary residence shall not be included as an asset; 
(B) Indebtedness that is secured by the person’s primary residence, up to the 
estimated fair market value of the primary residence at the time of the sale 
of securities, shall not be included as a liability (except that if the amount 
of such indebtedness outstanding at the time of sale of securities exceeds 
the amount outstanding 60 days before such time, other than as a result of 
the acquisition of the primary residence, the amount of such excess shall 
be included as a liability); and 
(C) Indebtedness that is secured by the person’s primary residence in excess 
of the estimated fair market value of the primary residence at the time of 
the sale of securities shall be included as a liability; 
Case 25-12197-BLS    Doc 14    Filed 12/14/25    Page 93 of 119

=== page 94 ===
 
2 
(ii) Paragraph (a)(5)(i) of this section will not apply to any calculation of a person’s 
net worth made in connection with a purchase of securities in accordance with a 
right to purchase such securities, provided that: 
(A) Such right was held by the person on July 20, 2010; 
(B) The person qualified as an accredited investor on the basis of net worth at 
the time the person acquired such right; and 
(C) The person held securities of the same issuer, other than such right, on July 
20, 2010. 
(6) Any natural person who had an individual income in excess of $200,000 in each of the two 
most recent years or joint income with that person’s spouse in excess of $300,000 in each 
of those years and has a reasonable expectation of reaching the same income level in the 
current year; 
(7) Any trust, with total assets in excess of $5,000,000, not formed for the specific purpose of 
acquiring the securities offered, whose purchase is directed by a sophisticated person as 
described in Rule 506(b)(2)(ii) of the Securities Act; and 
(8) Any entity in which all of the equity owners are accredited investors. 
(9) Any entity, of a type not listed in paragraph (a)(1), (2), (3), (7), or (8), not formed for the 
specific purpose of acquiring the securities offered, owning investments in excess of 
$5,000,000; 
(10) 
Any natural person holding in good standing one or more professional 
certifications or designations or credentials from an accredited educational institution that 
the Commission has designated as qualifying an individual for accredited investor status.  
In determining whether to designate a professional certification or designation or credential 
from an accredited educational institution for purposes of this paragraph (a)(10), the 
Commission will consider, among others, the following attributes: 
(i) The certification, designation, or credential arises out of an examination or series 
of examinations administered by a self-regulatory organization or other industry 
body or is issued by an accredited educational institution; 
(ii) The examination or series of examinations is designed to reliably and validly 
demonstrate an individual’s comprehension and sophistication in the areas of 
securities and investing; 
(iii) Persons obtaining such certification, designation, or credential can reasonably be 
expected to have sufficient knowledge and experience in financial and business 
matters to evaluate the merits and risks of a prospective investment; and 
(iv) An indication that an individual holds the certification or designation is either 
made publicly available by the relevant self-regulatory organization or other 
industry body or is otherwise independently verifiable; 
(11) 
Any natural person who is a “knowledgeable employee,” as defined in rule 3c–
5(a)(4) under the Investment Company Act of 1940, of the issuer of the securities being 
offered or sold where the issuer would be an investment company, as defined in section 3 
of such act, but for the exclusion provided by either section 3(c)(1) or section 3(c)(7) of 
such act; 
(12) 
Any “family office,” as defined in rule 202(a)(11)(G)–1 under the Investment 
Advisers Act of 1940: 
Case 25-12197-BLS    Doc 14    Filed 12/14/25    Page 94 of 119

=== page 95 ===
 
3 
(i) With assets under management in excess of $5,000,000, 
(ii) That is not formed for the specific purpose of acquiring the securities offered, and 
(iii) Whose prospective investment is directed by a person who has such knowledge 
and experience in financial and business matters that such family office is capable 
of evaluating the merits and risks of the prospective investment; and 
(13) 
Any "family client," as defined in rule 202(a)(11)(G)–1 under the Investment 
Advisers Act of 1940, of a family office meeting the requirements in paragraph (a)(12) of 
this section and whose prospective investment in the issuer is directed by such family office 
pursuant to paragraph (a)(12)(iii). 
“Qualified institutional buyer” is defined in Rule 144A under the Securities Act as: 
(a)  
(i) any of the following entities, acting for its own account or the accounts of other 
qualified institutional buyers, that in the aggregate owns and invests on a 
discretionary basis at least US $100 million in securities of issuers that are not 
affiliated with the entity: 
(A) any insurance company as defined in Section 2(a)(13) of the Securities 
Act; Note:  A purchase by an insurance company for one or more of its 
separate accounts, as defined by Section 2(a)(37) of the U.S. Investment 
Company Act of 1940, as amended (the “Investment Company Act”), 
which are neither registered under Section 8 of the Investment Company 
Act nor required to be so registered, shall be deemed to be a purchase for 
the account of such insurance company. 
(B) any investment company registered under the Investment Company Act or 
any business development company as defined in Section 2(a)(48) of the 
Investment Company Act; 
(C) any small business investment company licensed by the U.S. Small 
Business Administration under Section 301(c) or (d) of the U.S. Small 
Business Investment Act of 1958, as amended; 
(D) any plan established and maintained by a U.S. state, its political 
subdivisions, or any agency or instrumentality of a state or its political 
subdivisions, for the benefit of its employees; 
(E) any employee benefit plan within the meaning of Title I of the U.S. 
Employee Retirement Income Security Act of 1974, as amended; 
(F) any trust fund whose trustee is a bank or trust company and whose 
participants are exclusively plans of the types identified in subparagraph 
(a)(i)(D) or (E) above, except trust funds that include as participants 
individual retirement accounts or H.R. 10 plans; 
(G) any business development company as defined in Section 202(a)(22) of 
the U.S. Investment Advisers Act of 1940, as amended (the “Investment 
Advisers Act”); 
(H) any organization described in Section 501(c)(3) of the U.S. Internal 
Revenue Code of 1986, as amended, corporation (other than a bank as 
defined in Section 3(a)(2) of the Securities Act or a savings and loan 
association or other institution referenced in Section 3(a)(5)(A) of the 
Case 25-12197-BLS    Doc 14    Filed 12/14/25    Page 95 of 119

=== page 96 ===
 
4 
Securities Act or a foreign bank or savings and loan association or 
equivalent institution), partnership, or Massachusetts or similar business 
trust; and 
(I) any investment adviser registered under the Investment Advisers Act. 
(ii) any dealer registered pursuant to Section 15 of the U.S. Securities Exchange Act 
of 1934, as amended (the “Exchange Act”), acting for its own account or the 
accounts of other qualified institutional buyers, that in the aggregate owns and 
invests on a discretionary basis at least US$10 million of securities of issuers that 
are not affiliated with the dealer, provided that securities constituting the whole or 
a part of an unsold allotment to or subscription by a dealer as a participant in a 
public offering shall not be deemed to be owned by such dealer; 
(iii) any dealer registered pursuant to Section 15 of the Exchange Act acting in a 
riskless principal transaction (as defined below) on behalf of a qualified 
institutional buyer; Note:  A registered dealer may act as agent, on a non-
discretionary basis, in a transaction with a qualified institutional buyer without 
itself having to be a qualified institutional buyer. 
(iv) any investment company registered under the Investment Company Act, acting for 
its own account or for the accounts of other qualified institutional buyers, that is 
part of a family of investment companies which own in aggregate at least US$100 
million in securities of issuers, other than issuers that are affiliated with the 
investment company or are part of such family of investment companies. “Family 
of investment companies” means any two or more investment companies 
registered under the Investment Company Act, except for a unit investment trust 
whose assets consist solely of shares of one or more registered investment 
companies, that have the same investment adviser (or, in the case of unit 
investment trusts, the same depositor), provided that: 
(A) each series of a series company (as defined in Rule 18f-2 under the 
Investment Company Act) shall be deemed to be a separate investment 
company; and 
(B) investment companies shall be deemed to have the same adviser (or 
depositor) if their advisers (or depositors) are majority-owned subsidiaries 
of the same parent, or if one investment company’s adviser (or depositor) 
is a majority-owned subsidiary of the other investment company’s adviser 
(or depositor); 
(v) any entity, all of the equity owners of which are qualified institutional buyers, 
acting for its own account or the accounts of other qualified institutional buyers; 
and 
(vi) any bank as defined in Section 3(a)(2) of the Securities Act, any savings and loan 
association or other institution as referenced in Section 3(a)(5)(A) of the Securities 
Act, or any foreign bank or savings and loan association or equivalent institution, 
acting for its own account or the accounts of other qualified institutional buyers, 
that in the aggregate owns and invests on a discretionary basis at least US$100 
million in securities of issuers that are not affiliated with it and that has an audited 
net worth at least US$25 million as demonstrated in its latest annual financial 
statements, as of a date not more than 16 months preceding the date of sale under 
the rule in the case of a U.S. bank or savings and loan association, and not more 
Case 25-12197-BLS    Doc 14    Filed 12/14/25    Page 96 of 119

=== page 97 ===
 
5 
than 18 months preceding such date of sale for a foreign bank or savings and loan 
association or equivalent institution. 
(b) In determining the aggregate amount of securities owned and invested on a discretionary basis by 
an entity, the following instruments and interests shall be excluded: bank deposit notes and 
certificates of deposit; loan participations; repurchase agreements; securities owned but subject to 
a repurchase agreement; and currency, interest rate and commodity swaps. 
(c) The aggregate value of securities owned and invested on a discretionary basis by an entity shall be 
the cost of such securities, except where the entity reports its securities holdings in its financial 
statements on the basis of their market value, and no current information with respect to the cost of 
those securities has been published. In the latter event, the securities may be valued at market for 
purposes of this section. 
(d) In determining the aggregate amount of securities owned by an entity and invested on a 
discretionary basis, securities owned by subsidiaries of the entity that are consolidated with the 
entity in its financial statements prepared in accordance with generally accepted accounting 
principles may be included if the investments of such subsidiaries are managed under the direction 
of the entity, except that, unless the entity is a reporting company under Section 13 or 15(d) of the 
Exchange Act, securities owned by such subsidiaries may not be included if the entity itself is a 
majority-owned subsidiary that would be included in the consolidated financial statements of 
another enterprise. 
“United States” is defined in Rule 902(l) of the Securities Act as the United States of America, its 
territories and possessions, any State of the United States, and the District of Columbia. 
“U.S. person” is defined in Rule 902(k) of the Securities Act as: 
(a) any natural person resident in the United States; 
(b) any partnership or corporation organized or incorporated under the laws of the United States; 
(c) any estate of which any executor or administrator is a U.S. person; 
(d) any trust of which any trustee is a U.S. person; 
(e) any agency or branch of a foreign entity located in the United States; 
(f) any non-discretionary account or similar account (other than an estate or trust) held by a dealer or 
other fiduciary for the benefit or account of a U.S. person; 
(g) any discretionary account or similar account (other than an estate or trust) held by a dealer or other 
fiduciary organized, incorporated, or (if an individual) resident in the United States; and 
(h) any partnership or corporation if: 
(1) organized or incorporated under the laws of any foreign jurisdiction; and 
(2) formed by a U.S. person principally for the purpose of investing in securities not registered 
under the Securities Act, unless it is organized or incorporated, and owned, by accredited 
investors (as defined in Rule 501(a) of the Securities Act) who are not natural persons, 
estates or trusts. 
The following are not “U.S. persons”: 
(a) any discretionary account or similar account (other than an estate or trust) held for the benefit or 
account of a non-U.S. person by a dealer or other professional fiduciary organized, incorporated, 
or (if an individual) resident in the United States; 
Case 25-12197-BLS    Doc 14    Filed 12/14/25    Page 97 of 119

=== page 98 ===
 
6 
(b) any estate of which any professional fiduciary acting as executor or administrator is a U.S. person 
if: 
(1) an executor or administrator of the estate who is not a U.S. person has sole or shared 
investment discretion with respect to the assets of the estate; and 
(2) the estate is governed by foreign law; 
(c) any trust of which any professional fiduciary acting as trustee is a U.S. person, if a trustee who is 
not a U.S. person has sole or shared investment discretion with respect to the trust assets, and no 
beneficiary of the trust (and no settlor if the trust is revocable) is a U.S. person; 
(d) an employee benefit plan established and administered in accordance with the law of a country 
other than the United States and customary practices and documentation of such country; 
(e)  any agency or branch of a U.S. person located outside the United States if: 
(1) the agency or branch operates for valid business reasons; and 
(2) the agency or branch is engaged in the business of insurance or banking and is subject to 
substantive insurance or banking regulation, respectively, in the jurisdiction where located; 
and 
(f) the International Monetary Fund, the International Bank for Reconstruction and Development, the 
Inter-American Development Bank, the Asian Development Bank, the African Development Bank, 
the United Nations, and their agencies, affiliates and pension plans, and any other similar 
international organizations, their agencies, affiliates and pension plans. 
 
Case 25-12197-BLS    Doc 14    Filed 12/14/25    Page 98 of 119

=== page 99 ===
 
 
 
Exhibit 3-B 
Prepetition HK Supply Agreement Claims Ballot
Case 25-12197-BLS    Doc 14    Filed 12/14/25    Page 99 of 119

=== page 100 ===
 
 
 
NO CHAPTER 11 CASES HAVE BEEN COMMENCED AS OF THE DATE OF THE 
DISTRIBUTION OF THIS BALLOT.  THE DEBTORS INTEND TO FILE CHAPTER 11 
CASES AND SEEK CONFIRMATION OF THE PREPACKAGED PLAN (AS DEFINED 
BELOW) BY THE BANKRUPTCY COURT BEFORE THE VOTING DEADLINE. 
No person has been authorized to give any information or advice, or to make any representation, 
other than what is included in the Disclosure Statement and other materials accompanying this 
Ballot (each as defined below).1  Please note that, even if you intend to vote to reject the 
Prepackaged Plan, you must still read, complete, and execute this entire Ballot. 
IN THE UNITED STATES BANKRUPTCY COURT 
FOR THE DISTRICT OF DELAWARE 
 
 
)  
In re: 
) Chapter 11 
 
)  
iROBOT CORPORATION, et al., 2 
) Case No. 25-12197 (___) 
 
)  
 
 
 
Debtors. 
) (Joint Administration to be Requested) 
 
)  
 
BALLOT FOR VOTING TO ACCEPT OR REJECT  
THE JOINT PREPACKAGED CHAPTER 11 PLAN  
OF REORGANIZATION OF IROBOT CORPORATION AND ITS DEBTOR AFFILIATES 
CLASS FOUR:  PICEA HK SUPPLY AGREEMENT CLAIMS 
IN ORDER FOR YOUR VOTE TO BE COUNTED TOWARD CONFIRMATION OF 
THE PREPACKAGED PLAN, THIS BALLOT MUST BE COMPLETED, EXECUTED, 
AND RETURNED SO THAT IT IS ACTUALLY RECEIVED BY THE SOLICITATION 
AND VOTING AGENT ON OR BEFORE DECEMBER 14, 2025 AT 11:59 P.M. 
(PREVAILING EASTERN TIME) (THE “VOTING DEADLINE”), UNLESS EXTENDED 
BY THE DEBTORS. 
 
iRobot Corporation and certain of its affiliates (collectively, the “Debtors”) have provided 
you with this ballot (this “Ballot”) to solicit your vote to accept or reject the Joint Prepackaged 
Chapter 11 Plan of Reorganization of iRobot Corporation and Its Debtor Affiliates (as may be 
amended, supplemented, or modified from time to time, the “Prepackaged Plan”). 
You are receiving this Ballot because records indicate that you are a Holder of a Picea HK 
Supply Agreement Claim in Class 4 as of December 13, 2025 (the “Voting Record Date”).   
 
1   Capitalized terms used but not otherwise defined herein shall have the meanings ascribed to them in 
the Prepackaged Plan, as applicable. 
2  The Debtors in these chapter 11 cases, along with the last four digits of each Debtor’s federal tax identification 
number, are: iRobot Corporation (9335); iRobot US Holdings, LLC (5237); and iRobot Holdings LLC (5307).  
For purposes of these chapter 11 cases, the Debtors’ service address is 8 Crosby Drive, Bedford, MA 01730. 
Case 25-12197-BLS    Doc 14    Filed 12/14/25    Page 100 of 119

=== page 101 ===
 
2 
The Prepackaged Plan is attached as Exhibit A to the Disclosure Statement for the Joint 
Prepackaged Chapter 11 Plan of Reorganization of iRobot Corporation and Its Debtor Affiliates 
(as may be amended, supplemented, or modified from time to time, the “Disclosure Statement”), 
which accompanies this Ballot.  The Disclosure Statement provides information to assist you in 
deciding whether to accept or reject the Prepackaged Plan, including a description of the rights 
and treatment for each Class.  If you do not have a copy of the Disclosure Statement, you may 
obtain a copy from the Debtors’ solicitation and voting agent, Stretto, Inc. (the “Solicitation and 
Voting Agent”), by calling (833) 228-5389 (Domestic Toll-Free) or (949) 590-3576 
(International), or sending an electronic mail message to iRobotInquiries@stretto.com and 
requesting that a copy be provided to you.  You should review the Disclosure Statement and the 
Prepackaged Plan in their entirety before you vote.  You may wish to seek independent legal advice 
concerning the Prepackaged Plan and your classification and treatment under the Prepackaged 
Plan. 
As described in the Disclosure Statement, the Debtors intend to commence cases under 
chapter 11 of title 11 of the United States Code (the “Bankruptcy Code”) in the United States 
Bankruptcy Court for the District of Delaware (the “Bankruptcy Court”) following conclusion of 
this solicitation.  The Debtors then intend to seek entry of an order, among other things, 
conditionally approving the disclosure statement, conditionally approving the solicitation 
procedures, and scheduling a combined hearing for final approval of the Disclosure Statement and 
confirmation of the Prepackaged Plan. 
The Prepackaged Plan can be confirmed by the Bankruptcy Court and thereby made 
binding on you if:  (a) it is accepted by the holders of at least two-thirds of the aggregate principal 
amount and more than one-half in number of the Claims voted in each Impaired Class of Claims 
and (b) the Prepackaged Plan otherwise satisfies the applicable requirements of section 1129(a) of 
the Bankruptcy Code.  If the requisite acceptances are not obtained, the Bankruptcy Court may 
nonetheless confirm the Prepackaged Plan if it finds that the Prepackaged Plan (a) provides fair 
and equitable treatment to, and does not unfairly discriminate against, the Class or Classes 
rejecting the Prepackaged Plan and (b) otherwise satisfies the requirements of section 1129(b) of 
the Bankruptcy Code.  If the Prepackaged Plan is confirmed by the Bankruptcy Court and the 
Effective Date occurs, it will be binding on you whether or not you vote and even if you vote to 
reject the Prepackaged Plan.  To have your vote counted, you must complete, sign, and return this 
Ballot to the Solicitation and Voting Agent by the Voting Deadline. 
Your receipt of this Ballot does not signify that your Claim(s) has been or will be Allowed.  
This Ballot is solely for purposes of voting to accept or reject the Prepackaged Plan and not for the 
purpose of allowance or disallowance of or distribution on account of Class 4 Picea HK Supply 
Agreement Claims.  You must provide all of the information requested by this Ballot.  Failure to 
do so may result in the disqualification of your vote. 
 
Case 25-12197-BLS    Doc 14    Filed 12/14/25    Page 101 of 119

=== page 102 ===
 
3 
NOTICE REGARDING CERTAIN RELEASE,  
EXCULPATION, AND INJUNCTION PROVISIONS IN PREPACKAGED PLAN3 
Article VIII.C 
Debtor Release  
Notwithstanding anything else contained herein to the contrary, to the fullest extent 
permitted by applicable law and approved by the Bankruptcy Court, pursuant to 
section 1123(b) of the Bankruptcy Code and Bankruptcy Rule 9019 and in exchange for good 
and valuable consideration, the adequacy of which is hereby confirmed, on and after the 
Effective Date, each Released Party is deemed to be, and hereby is conclusively, absolutely, 
unconditionally, irrevocably, finally, and forever released and discharged by each and all of 
the Debtors, the Reorganized Debtors, and their Estates, including any successors to the 
Debtors or any Estate’s representative appointed or selected pursuant to section 1123(b)(3) 
of the Bankruptcy Code, in each case on behalf of themselves and their respective successors, 
assigns, and representatives, and any and all other Entities who may purport to assert any 
Claim or Cause of Action, directly or derivatively, by, through, for, or because of the 
foregoing Entities, from any and all Claims and Causes of Action, including any derivative 
Claims asserted or assertable on behalf of the Debtors, whether known or unknown, foreseen 
or unforeseen, asserted or unasserted, matured or unmatured, liquidated or unliquidated, 
fixed or contingent, accrued or unaccrued, existing or hereafter arising, in law, equity, 
contract, tort, or otherwise, that the Debtors, the Reorganized Debtors, or their Estates 
would have been legally entitled to assert in their own right (whether individually or 
collectively) or on behalf of the Holder of any Claim or Cause of Action against, or Interest 
in, a Debtor or other Entity, based on or relating to, or in any manner arising from, in whole 
or in part, the Debtors, the Reorganized Debtors, or their Estates (including the Debtors’ 
capital structure, management, ownership, assets, or operation thereof), the purchase, sale, 
or rescission of any Security of the Debtors or the Reorganized Debtors, the assertion or 
enforcement of rights and remedies against the Debtors, the subject matter of, or the 
transactions or events giving rise to, any Claim, Causes of Action, or Interest that is treated 
in this Plan, the business or contractual arrangements between any Debtor and any Released 
Party, the Debtors’ in- or out-of-court restructuring efforts, intercompany transactions 
between or among a Debtor or an Affiliate of a Debtor and another Debtor or an Affiliate of 
a Debtor, the Chapter 11 Cases, the Amended First Lien Credit Agreement, the formulation, 
preparation, dissemination, negotiation, or Filing of the Restructuring Support Agreement, 
the Picea Supply Agreement, New Picea Supply Agreement, the Disclosure Statement, this 
Plan (including, for the avoidance of doubt, the Plan Supplement), or any aspect of the 
Restructuring Transactions, including any contract, instrument, release, or other agreement 
or document created or entered into in connection with the Restructuring Support 
Agreement, the Picea Supply Agreement, New Picea Supply Agreement, the Disclosure 
Statement, this Plan, the Confirmation Order,  the Chapter 11 Cases, the Filing of the 
Chapter 11 Cases, the pursuit of Confirmation, the pursuit of Consummation, the 
administration and implementation of this Plan, any action or actions taken in furtherance 
of or consistent with the administration of this Plan, including the issuance or distribution of 
Securities pursuant to this Plan, or the distribution of property under this Plan or any other 
related agreement, or upon any other act or omission, transaction, agreement, event, or other 
 
3  The provisions contained herein are copied directly from the Prepackaged Plan. 
Case 25-12197-BLS    Doc 14    Filed 12/14/25    Page 102 of 119

=== page 103 ===
 
4 
occurrence taking place on or before the Effective Date related or relating to any of the 
foregoing. 
Notwithstanding anything contained herein to the contrary, the foregoing release 
does not release (1) any post-Effective Date obligations of any party or Entity under the Plan, 
any act occurring after the Effective Date with respect to the Restructuring Transactions, 
the obligations arising under Definitive Document to the extent imposing obligations arising 
after the Effective Date (including those set forth in the Plan Supplement), or other 
document, instrument, or agreement executed to implement the Plan, (2) the rights of 
Holders of Allowed Claims under this Plan, including the right to receive distributions under 
this Plan, (3) any Cause of Action, listed, described or otherwise included on the Schedule of 
Retained Causes of Action, (4) any Claim, Cause of Action, dispute, or defense related to the 
failure to execute an agreed upon amendment to any Executory Contract or Unexpired Lease 
to the extent such issue is not resolved prior to the Effective Date, (5) any Claim or Cause of 
Action arising from an act or omission that is judicially determined by a Final Order to have 
constituted actual fraud, gross negligence, willful misconduct or criminal conduct, or (6) any 
Claim, dispute, or defense of the Debtors or the Reorganized Debtors preserved under the 
Plan. 
Entry of the Confirmation Order shall constitute the Bankruptcy Court’s approval, 
pursuant to Bankruptcy Rule 9019, of the terms by which matters are subject to a 
compromise and settlement, including the Debtor Releases in Article VIII.C, which includes 
by reference each of the related provisions and definitions contained in this Plan, and, 
further, shall constitute the Bankruptcy Court’s finding that the Debtor Releases in Article 
VIII.C are: (1) essential to Confirmation of this Plan; (2) an exercise of the Debtors’ business 
judgment; (3) in exchange for the good and valuable consideration provided by the Released 
Parties, including the Released Parties’ contributions to facilitating the Restructuring 
Transactions and implementing this Plan; (4) a good-faith settlement and compromise of the 
Claims and Causes of Action released by the Debtor Releases in Article VIII.C; (5) in the 
best interests of the Debtors, their Estates, and all Holders of Claims and Interests; (6) fair, 
equitable, and reasonably given and made after due notice and opportunity for a hearing; 
and (7) a bar to any of the Debtors, the Reorganized Debtors, or the Debtors’ Estates 
asserting any Claim or Cause of Action released pursuant to the Debtor Releases in Article 
VIII.C. 
Article VIII.D 
Third-Party Release 
Except as otherwise expressly set forth in this Plan or the Confirmation Orders, on 
and after the Effective Date, pursuant to Bankruptcy Rule 9019 and to the fullest extent 
permitted by applicable law and approved by the Bankruptcy Court, pursuant to 
section 1123(b) of the Bankruptcy Code, in exchange for good and valuable consideration, 
the adequacy of which is hereby confirmed, each Released Party is deemed to be, and hereby 
is conclusively, absolutely, unconditionally, irrevocably, finally, and forever released and 
discharged by each Releasing Party (in each case on behalf of themselves and their respective 
successors, assigns, and representatives, and any and all other Entities who may purport to 
assert any Claim or Cause of Action, directly or derivatively, by, through, for, or because of 
the foregoing Entities) from any and all Claims and Causes of Action, including any 
derivative Claims asserted or assertable on behalf of the Debtors, whether known or 
Case 25-12197-BLS    Doc 14    Filed 12/14/25    Page 103 of 119

=== page 104 ===
 
5 
unknown, foreseen or unforeseen, asserted or unasserted, matured or unmatured, liquidated 
or unliquidated, fixed or contingent, accrued or unaccrued, existing or hereafter arising, in 
law, equity, contract, tort, or otherwise that such Entity would have been legally entitled to 
assert in their own right (whether individually or collectively) or on behalf of the Holder of 
any Claim or Cause of Action against, or Interest in, a Debtor based on or relating to, or in 
any manner arising from, in whole or in part, the Debtors (including the Debtors’ capital 
structure, management, ownership, assets, or operation thereof), the purchase, sale, or 
rescission of any security of the Debtors or the Reorganized Debtors, the subject matter of, 
or the transactions or events giving rise to, any Claim, Cause of Action, or Interest that is 
treated in this Plan, the business or contractual arrangements between any Debtor and any 
Released Party, the Debtors’ in- or out-of-court restructuring efforts, intercompany 
transactions between or among a Debtor or an Affiliate of a Debtor and another Debtor or 
an Affiliate of a Debtor, the Chapter 11 Cases, the Amended First Lien Credit Agreement, 
the formulation, preparation, dissemination, negotiation, or Filing of the Restructuring 
Support Agreement, the Picea Supply Agreement, New Picea Supply Agreement, the 
Disclosure Statement, this Plan (including, for the avoidance of doubt, the Plan Supplement), 
or any aspect of the Restructuring Transactions, including any contract, instrument, release, 
or other agreement or document created or entered into in connection with the Restructuring 
Support Agreement, the Picea Supply Agreement, New Picea Supply Agreement, the 
Disclosure Statement, this Plan, the Confirmation Order, the Chapter 11 Cases, the Filing of 
the Chapter 11 Cases, the pursuit of Confirmation, the pursuit of Consummation, the 
administration and implementation of this Plan, any action or actions taken in furtherance 
of or consistent with the administration of this Plan, including the issuance or distribution of 
Securities pursuant to this Plan, or the distribution of property under this Plan or any other 
related agreement, or upon any other act or omission, transaction, agreement, event, or other 
occurrence taking place on or before the Effective Date related or relating to any of the 
foregoing. 
Notwithstanding anything contained herein to the contrary, the foregoing release 
does not release (1) any post-Effective Date obligations of any party or Entity under the Plan, 
any act occurring after the Effective Date with respect to the Restructuring Transaction, the 
obligations arising under Definitive Document to the extent imposing obligations arising 
after the Effective Date (including those set forth in the Plan Supplement), or other 
document, instrument, or agreement executed to implement the Plan, (2)  the rights of 
Holders of Allowed Claims to receive distributions under this Plan, (3) the rights of any 
current employee of the Debtors under any employment agreement or plan, (4) the rights of 
the Debtors with respect to any confidentiality provisions or covenants restricting 
competition in favor of the Debtors under any employment agreement with a current or 
former employee of the Debtors, (5) any Claim, Cause of Action, or defense related to the 
failure to execute an agreed upon amendment to any Executory Contract or Unexpired Lease 
to the extent such issue is not resolved prior to the Effective Date, or (6) any Claim or Cause 
of Action arising from an act or omission that is judicially determined by a Final Order to 
have constituted actual fraud, gross negligence, willful misconduct or criminal conduct. 
Entry of the Confirmation Order shall constitute the Bankruptcy Court’s approval, 
pursuant to Bankruptcy Rule 9019, of the terms by which matters are subject to a 
compromise and settlement, including the Debtor Releases in Article VIII.C, which includes 
Case 25-12197-BLS    Doc 14    Filed 12/14/25    Page 104 of 119

=== page 105 ===
 
6 
by reference each of the related provisions and definitions contained in this Plan, and, 
further, shall constitute the Bankruptcy Court’s finding that the Third-Party Releases in this 
Article VIII.D are:  (1) essential to Confirmation of this Plan; (2) in exchange for the good 
and valuable consideration provided by the Released Parties, including the Released Parties’ 
contributions to facilitating the Restructuring Transactions and implementing this Plan; 
(3) a good-faith settlement and compromise of the Claims and Causes of Action released by 
the Third-Party Releases in this Article VIII.D; (4) in the best interests of the Debtors and 
their Estates and all Holders of Claims and Interests; (5) fair, equitable, and reasonably 
given and made after due notice and opportunity for a hearing; and (6) a bar to any of the 
Releasing Parties asserting any Claim or Cause of Action released pursuant to the 
Third-Party Releases in this Article VIII.D. 
Article VIII.E 
Exculpation 
Except as otherwise specifically provided in this Plan, no Exculpated Party shall have 
or incur liability for, and each Exculpated Party is hereby released and exculpated from, any 
Cause of Action or Claim whether direct or derivative related to any act or omission in 
connection with, relating to, or arising out of the Chapter 11 Cases from the Petition Date to 
or on the Effective Date, the formulation, preparation, dissemination, negotiation, or Filing 
of the Restructuring Support Agreement, the Picea Supply Agreement, New Picea Supply 
Agreement, the Disclosure Statement, this Plan, the Plan Supplement, or any transaction 
related to the Restructuring Transactions, any contract, instrument, release, or other 
agreement or document created or entered into before or during the Chapter 11 Cases in 
connection with the Restructuring Transactions, any preference, fraudulent transfer, or 
other avoidance Claim arising pursuant to chapter 5 of the Bankruptcy Code or other 
applicable law, the Filing of the Chapter 11 Cases, the pursuit of Confirmation, the pursuit 
of Consummation, the administration and implementation of this Plan, including the 
issuance of Securities pursuant to this Plan, or the distribution of property under this Plan 
or any other related agreement, or upon any other act or omission, transaction, agreement, 
event, or other occurrence taking place on or before the Effective Date related or relating to 
any of the foregoing, except for Claims related to any act or omission that is determined in a 
Final Order to have constituted willful misconduct, gross negligence, or actual fraud, but in 
all respects such Exculpated Parties shall be entitled to reasonably rely upon the advice of 
counsel with respect to their duties and responsibilities pursuant to this Plan and the 
Confirmation Orders. 
The Exculpated Parties set forth above have, and upon Confirmation of this Plan shall 
be deemed to have, participated in good faith and in compliance with applicable law with 
respect to the solicitation of votes and distribution of consideration pursuant to this Plan 
and, therefore, are not and shall not be liable at any time for the violation of any applicable 
law, rule, or regulation governing the solicitation of acceptances or rejections of this Plan or 
such distributions made pursuant to this Plan. 
Article VIII.F 
Injunction 
Upon entry of the Confirmation Order, all Holders of Claims and Interests and other 
parties in interest, along with their respective present or former employees, agents, officers, 
directors, principals, and Affiliates, and each of their successors and assigns, shall be 
Case 25-12197-BLS    Doc 14    Filed 12/14/25    Page 105 of 119

=== page 106 ===
 
7 
enjoined from taking any actions to interfere with the implementation or Consummation of 
this Plan in relation to any Claim or Interest that is extinguished, discharged, or released 
pursuant to this Plan. 
Except as otherwise expressly provided in this Plan or the Confirmation Orders, or 
for obligations issued or required to be paid pursuant to this Plan or the Confirmation 
Order, all Entities who have held, hold, or may hold Claims, Interests, or Causes of Action 
that have been released, discharged, or are subject to exculpation pursuant to Article VIII, 
are permanently enjoined, from and after the Effective Date, from taking any of the 
following actions against, as applicable, the Debtors, the Reorganized Debtors, the 
Exculpated Parties, and/or the Released Parties:   
a. commencing, conducting, or continuing in any manner any action or other 
proceeding of any kind on account of or in connection with or with respect to 
any such Claims, Interests, or Causes of Action; 
 
b. enforcing, levying, attaching, collecting, or recovering by any manner or 
means any judgment, award, decree, or Order against such Entities on account 
of or in connection with or with respect to any such Claims, Interests, or 
Causes of Action; 
 
c. creating, perfecting, or enforcing any Lien or encumbrance of any kind 
against such Entities or the property or the Estates of such Entities on account 
of or in connection with or with respect to any such Claims, Interests, or 
Causes of Action;  
 
d. asserting any right of setoff, subrogation, or recoupment of any kind against 
any obligation due from such Entities or against the property of such Entities 
on account of or in connection with or with respect to any such Claims, 
Interests, or Causes of Action unless such Holder has Filed a motion 
requesting the right to perform such setoff on or before the Effective Date, and 
notwithstanding an indication of a Claim or Interest or otherwise that such 
Holder asserts, has, or intends to preserve any right of setoff pursuant to 
applicable law or otherwise; and  
 
e. commencing or continuing in any manner any action or other proceeding of 
any kind on account of or in connection with or with respect to any such 
Claims, Interests, or Causes of Action released or settled pursuant to this Plan 
or the Confirmation Orders.   
No Person or Entity may commence or pursue a Claim or Cause of Action of any kind 
against the Debtors or the Exculpated Parties that relates to or is reasonably likely to relate 
to any act or omission in connection with, relating to, or arising out of a Claim or Cause of 
Action related to the Chapter 11 Cases prior to the Effective Date, the formulation, 
preparation, dissemination, negotiation, or Filing of the Restructuring Support Agreement, 
the Picea Supply Agreement, New Picea Supply Agreement, the Disclosure Statement, this 
Plan, the Plan Supplement, or any transaction related to the Restructuring, any contract, 
Case 25-12197-BLS    Doc 14    Filed 12/14/25    Page 106 of 119

=== page 107 ===
 
8 
instrument, release, or other agreement or document created or entered into before or 
during the Chapter 11 Cases in connection with the Restructuring Transactions, any 
preference, fraudulent transfer, or other avoidance Claim arising pursuant to chapter 5 of 
the Bankruptcy Code or other applicable law, the Filing of the Chapter 11 Cases, the pursuit 
of Confirmation, the pursuit of Consummation, the administration and implementation of 
this Plan, including the issuance of Securities pursuant to this Plan, or the distribution of 
property under this Plan or any other related agreement, or upon any other act or omission, 
transaction, agreement, event, or other occurrence taking place on or before the Effective 
Date related or relating to any of the foregoing, without regard to whether such Person or 
Entity is a Releasing Party, without the Bankruptcy Court (1) first determining, after notice 
and a hearing, that such Claim or Cause of Action represents a colorable Claim of any kind 
and (2) specifically authorizing such Person or Entity to bring such Claim or Cause of Action 
against any such Debtor or Exculpated Party.  
The Bankruptcy Court will have sole and exclusive jurisdiction to adjudicate the 
underlying colorable Claim or Causes of Action.  
Notwithstanding anything to the contrary in the foregoing, the injunction does not 
enjoin any party under this Plan, the Confirmation Order or under any other Definitive 
Document or other document, instrument, or agreement (including those attached to the 
Disclosure Statement or included in the Plan Supplement) executed to implement this Plan 
and the Confirmation Orders from bringing an action to enforce the terms of this Plan, the 
Confirmation Order or such document, instrument, or agreement (including those attached 
to the Disclosure Statement or included in the Plan Supplement) executed to implement this 
Plan and the Confirmation Orders.  The injunction in this Plan shall extend to any successors 
and assigns of the Debtors and the Reorganized Debtors and their respective property and 
interests in property. 
Article VIII.G 
Waiver of Statutory Limitations on Releases 
Each Releasing Party in each of the releases contained in this Plan expressly 
acknowledges that although ordinarily a general release may not extend to Claims that the 
Releasing Party does not know or suspect to exist in its favor, which if known by it may have 
materially affected its settlement with the party released, each Releasing Party has carefully 
considered and taken into account in determining to enter into the above releases the possible 
existence of such unknown losses or Claims.  Without limiting the generality of the foregoing, 
each Releasing Party expressly waives any and all rights conferred upon it by any statute or 
rule of law that provides that a release does not extend to Claims that the claimant does not 
know or suspect to exist in its favor at the time of executing the release, which if known by it 
may have materially affected its settlement with the Released Party.  The releases contained 
in this Plan are effective regardless of whether those released matters are presently known, 
unknown, suspected or unsuspected, foreseen or unforeseen. 
Relevant Definitions Related to Release and Exculpation Provisions: 
“Exculpated Parties” means each of the Debtors’ Estates and their respective fiduciaries, including 
the Debtors’ directors and officers holding such positions at any time between the Petition Date 
and Effective Date. 
Case 25-12197-BLS    Doc 14    Filed 12/14/25    Page 107 of 119

=== page 108 ===
 
9 
“Released Parties” means, each of, and in each case in its capacity as such: (a) each Debtor; 
(b) each Reorganized Debtor; (c) each First Lien Secured Party; (d) Picea Robotics; and (e) all 
Holders of Claims and Existing Equity Interests that receive a notice of non-voting status who 
affirmatively opt-in to the releases provided by the Plan by checking the box on the applicable 
notice of non-voting status indicating that they opt-in to grant the releases provided in the Plan; 
(f) with respect to each of the Entities in the foregoing clauses (a) through (e), each such Entity’s 
current and former Affiliates (regardless of whether such interests are held directly or indirectly); 
(g) with respect to each of the Entities in the foregoing clauses (a) through (e), each such Entity’s 
current and former predecessors, participants, successors, assigns, subsidiaries, direct and indirect 
equityholders, interest holders, limited partners, co-investors, funds (including affiliated 
investment funds or investment vehicles), portfolio companies, and management companies; and 
(h) with respect to each of the Entities in the foregoing clauses (a) through (g), each such Entity’s 
current and former directors, officers, managers, members, principals, partners, employees, 
independent contractors, agents, representatives, managed accounts or funds (including any 
beneficial holders for the account of whom such funds are managed), management companies, 
fund advisors, investment advisors, advisory board members, financial advisors, partners 
(including both general and limited partners), consultants, financial advisors, attorneys, 
accountants, investment bankers, and other professionals; provided, that, in each case, an Entity 
shall not be a Releasing Party if fails to opt-in to the releases contained in this Plan, if permitted 
to opt-in.   
“Releasing Parties” means, each of, and in each case in its capacity as such: (a) each Debtor; 
(b) each Reorganized Debtor; (c) each First Lien Secured Party; (d) Picea Robotics; and (e) all 
Holders of Claims and Existing Equity Interests that receive the notice of non-voting status and, 
in each case, who do affirmatively opt-in to the releases provided by the Prepackaged Plan by 
checking the box on the applicable notice of non-voting status indicating that they opt to grant the 
releases provided in the Prepackaged Plan. 
YOU ARE ADVISED AND ENCOURAGED TO CAREFULLY REVIEW AND 
CONSIDER 
THE 
PREPACKAGED 
PLAN, 
INCLUDING 
THE 
RELEASE, 
EXCULPATION, AND INJUNCTION PROVISIONS, AS YOUR RIGHTS MIGHT BE 
AFFECTED. 
[Remainder of Page Intentionally Left Blank] 
Case 25-12197-BLS    Doc 14    Filed 12/14/25    Page 108 of 119

=== page 109 ===
 
10 
 
PLEASE READ THE ATTACHED VOTING INFORMATION  
AND INSTRUCTIONS BEFORE COMPLETING THIS BALLOT 
PLEASE COMPLETE ITEMS 1, 2, 3, 4, AND 5.  IF THIS BALLOT HAS NOT BEEN 
PROPERLY SIGNED IN THE SPACE PROVIDED, YOUR VOTE MAY NOT BE VALID 
OR COUNTED AS HAVING BEEN CAST. 
Item 1.  Principal Amount of Claims.  The undersigned hereby certifies that, as of the Voting 
Record Date, the undersigned was the Holder (or authorized signatory of such a Holder) of Picea 
HK Supply Agreement Claims in the amount set forth below. 
$ 
 
 
 
Item 2.  Votes on the Prepackaged Plan.  Please vote either to accept or to reject 
the Prepackaged Plan with respect to your Claims below.  Any Ballot not marked either to accept 
or reject the Prepackaged Plan, or marked both to accept and reject the Prepackaged Plan, shall 
not be counted in determining acceptance or rejection of the Prepackaged Plan. 
The undersigned Holder of Class 4 Picea HK Supply Agreement Claims votes to (check one box): 
☐ 
Accept the Prepackaged Plan  
☐ 
Reject the Prepackaged Plan 
Item 3. Optional Opt-In Release Election. Regardless of how you voted in Item 2 above, check 
the box below if you elect to grant the releases contained in Article VIII of the Prepackaged Plan.  
If you submit a Ballot voting to accept or reject the Prepackaged Plan, or if you abstain from 
submitting a Ballot, and in each case, you check the box below, you will be consenting to the 
releases contained in Article VIII of the Prepackaged Plan to the fullest extent permitted by 
applicable law.  The Holder of the Class 4 Picea HK Supply Agreement Claims set forth in Item 1 
elects to: 
☐ 
OPT IN to the releases contained in Article VIII of the Prepackaged Plan. 
Item 4. Eligible Holder Certification. Please identify whether you are an “Eligible Holder,” 
which means that you certify that you are one of the following: (a) a “qualified institutional buyer” 
(as such term is defined in Rule 144A of the Securities Act), (b) an “accredited investor” (as such 
term is defined in Rule 501 of Regulation D of the Securities Act), or (c) a Holder located outside 
the United States, and a person other than a “U.S. person” (as defined in Rule 902(k) of 
Regulation S of the Securities Act) and not participating on behalf of or on account of a U.S. person 
(see Exhibit A hereto for relevant definitions).  
☐ 
ELIGIBLE HOLDER 
Item 5. Acknowledgments. By signing this Ballot, the Holder (or authorized signatory of such 
Holder) acknowledges receipt of the Prepackaged Plan, the Disclosure Statement, and the other 
applicable solicitation materials, and certifies that (a) it has the power and authority to vote to 
accept or reject the Prepackaged Plan, (b) it was the Holder (or is entitled to vote on behalf of such 
Case 25-12197-BLS    Doc 14    Filed 12/14/25    Page 109 of 119

=== page 110 ===
 
11 
 
Holder) of the Class 4 Picea HK Supply Agreement Claims described in Item 1 as of the Voting 
Record Date, (c) it has read, and understands, the certification required in Item 4, including the 
related information in Exhibit A hereto, and has accurately and correctly completed such 
certification, and (d) all authority conferred or agreed to be conferred pursuant to this Ballot, and 
every obligation of the undersigned hereunder, shall be binding on the transferees, successors, 
assigns, heirs, executors, administrators, trustees in bankruptcy, and legal representatives of the 
undersigned, and shall not be affected by, and shall survive, the death or incapacity of the 
undersigned. 
 
 
Name of Holder  
 
 
Signature  
 
 
If by Authorized Agent, Name and Title  
 
 
Name of Institution  
 
 
Street Address City, State, Zip Code  
 
 
Telephone Number  
 
 
Date Completed 
 
 
E-Mail Address 
Case 25-12197-BLS    Doc 14    Filed 12/14/25    Page 110 of 119

=== page 111 ===
 
12 
 
VOTING INFORMATION AND INSTRUCTIONS FOR COMPLETING THIS 
BALLOT1 
1. 
Ballots received after the Voting Deadline (if the Voting Deadline has not been extended) 
may not, at the Debtors’ discretion, be counted.  The Solicitation and Voting Agent will 
tabulate properly completed Ballots received on or before the Voting Deadline. 
2. 
Complete this Ballot by providing all the information requested, signing, dating, and 
returning this Ballot to the Solicitation and Voting Agent.  Any Ballot that is illegible, 
contains insufficient information to identify the Holder, or is unsigned will not be counted.  
Ballots may not be submitted to the Solicitation and Voting Agent by email or facsimile.  
If neither the “accept” nor “reject” box is checked in Item 2, both boxes are checked in 
Item 2, or this Ballot is otherwise not properly completed, executed, or timely returned, 
then this Ballot shall not be counted in determining acceptance or rejection of the 
Prepackaged Plan. 
3. 
The Prepackaged Plan can be confirmed by the Bankruptcy Court and thereby made 
binding upon you and the holders if (a) it is accepted by the holders of at least two-thirds 
of the aggregate principal amount and more than one-half in number of the Claims voted 
in each Impaired Class of Claims and (b) the Prepackaged Plan otherwise satisfies the 
applicable requirements of section 1129(a) of the Bankruptcy Code.  If the requisite 
acceptances are not obtained, the Bankruptcy Court may nonetheless confirm the 
Prepackaged Plan if it finds that the Prepackaged Plan provides fair and equitable treatment 
to, and does not discriminate unfairly against, the Class or Classes rejecting it, and 
otherwise satisfies the requirements of section 1129(b) of the Bankruptcy Code. 
4. 
You must vote all your Claims within a single class under the Prepackaged Plan either to 
accept or reject the Prepackaged Plan.  Accordingly, if you return more than one Ballot 
voting different or inconsistent Claims within a single Class under the Prepackaged Plan, 
the Ballots are not voted in the same manner, and you do not correct this before the Voting 
Deadline, those Ballots will not be counted.  An otherwise properly executed Ballot that 
attempts to partially accept and partially reject the Prepackaged Plan likewise will not be 
counted. 
5. 
If you vote to accept or reject the Prepackaged Plan or if you are abstaining from 
voting to accept or reject the Prepackaged Plan, and in each case elect to grant the 
releases contained in Article VIII of the Prepackaged Plan, you must check the box 
in Item 3.  Election to withhold consent is at your option.  If you do not check the box 
in Item 3, you will be consenting to the releases set forth in Article VIII of the 
Prepackaged Plan. 
6. 
This Ballot does not constitute, and shall not be deemed to be, a proof of Claim or an 
assertion or admission of Claims. 
7. 
This Ballot is not a letter of transmittal and may not be used for any purpose other than to 
vote to accept or reject the Prepackaged Plan. 
 
1   For any Ballot cast via electronic mail, the format of the attachment must be found in the common workplace and 
industry standard format (i.e., industry-standard PDF file) and the received date and time in the Solicitation and 
Voting Agent’s inbox will be used as the timestamp for receipt. 
Case 25-12197-BLS    Doc 14    Filed 12/14/25    Page 111 of 119

=== page 112 ===
 
13 
 
8. 
If you cast more than one Ballot voting the same Claims prior to the Voting Deadline, the 
latest received, properly executed Ballot submitted to the Solicitation and Voting Agent 
will supersede any prior Ballot. 
9. 
This Ballot shall automatically be null and void and deemed withdrawn without any 
requirement of affirmative action by or notice to you in the event that (a) the Debtors revoke 
or withdraw the Prepackaged Plan, or (b) the Confirmation Order is not entered or 
consummation of the Prepackaged Plan does not occur.  In addition, for the avoidance of 
doubt, any Ballot submitted by the Holder of Picea HK Supply Agreement Claims shall be 
subject to the applicable provisions of the Restructuring Support Agreement. 
10. 
There may be changes made to the Prepackaged Plan that do not cause material adverse 
effects on an accepting class.  If such non-material changes are made to the Prepackaged 
Plan, in accordance with its terms and the Restructuring Support Agreement, the Debtors 
will not resolicit votes for acceptance or rejection of the Prepackaged Plan. 
11. 
NO PERSON HAS BEEN AUTHORIZED TO GIVE ANY INFORMATION OR 
ADVICE, OR TO MAKE ANY REPRESENTATION, OTHER THAN WHAT IS 
CONTAINED IN THE MATERIALS MAILED WITH THIS BALLOT, ANY 
SUPPLEMENTAL INFORMATION PROVIDED BY THE DEBTORS, OR OTHER 
MATERIALS AUTHORIZED BY THE BANKRUPTCY COURT. 
12. 
PLEASE RETURN YOUR BALLOT PROMPTLY. 
13. 
IF YOU HAVE ANY QUESTIONS CONCERNING THIS BALLOT OR THE VOTING 
PROCEDURES, PLEASE CONTACT THE SOLICITATION AND VOTING AGENT 
BY CALLING TOLL FREE IN THE U.S. AT (833) 228-5389 OR (949) 590-3576 IF 
OUTSIDE 
OF 
THE 
U.S., 
OR 
BY 
ELECTRONIC 
MAIL 
TO 
iRobotInquiries@stretto.com.  PLEASE DO NOT DIRECT ANY INQUIRIES TO THE 
BANKRUPTCY COURT. 
14. 
THE SOLICITATION AND VOTING AGENT IS NOT AUTHORIZED TO AND WILL 
NOT PROVIDE LEGAL ADVICE. 
THE VOTING DEADLINE TO ACCEPT OR REJECT THE PREPACKAGED PLAN IS 
DECEMBER 14, 2025 AT 11:59 P.M. (PREVAILING EASTERN TIME). 
ALL BALLOTS MUST BE PROPERLY EXECUTED, COMPLETED, AND DELIVERED 
ACCORDING TO THE VOTING INSTRUCTIONS SO THAT THE BALLOTS ARE 
ACTUALLY RECEIVED BY THE SOLICITATION AND VOTING AGENT NO LATER 
THAN THE VOTING DEADLINE.
Case 25-12197-BLS    Doc 14    Filed 12/14/25    Page 112 of 119

=== page 113 ===
 
 
 
Exhibit A 
Case 25-12197-BLS    Doc 14    Filed 12/14/25    Page 113 of 119

=== page 114 ===
 
 
 
DEFINITIONS 
“Accredited investor” is defined in Rule 501 of the Securities Act of 1933 as: 
(a) any person who comes within any of the following categories, or who the issuer reasonably believes 
comes within any of the following categories, at the time of the sale of the securities to that person: 
(1) Any bank as defined in section 3(a)(2) of the Securities Act, or any savings and loan 
association or other institution as defined in section 3(a)(5)(A) of the Securities Act 
whether acting in its individual or fiduciary capacity; any broker or dealer registered 
pursuant to section 15 of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934; any insurance company as 
defined in section 2(13) of the Securities Act; any investment company registered under 
the Investment Company Act of 1940 or a business development company as defined in 
section 2(a)(48) of that Act; any Small Business Investment Company licensed by the U.S. 
Small Business Administration under section 301(c) or (d) of the Small Business 
Investment Act of 1958; any plan established and maintained by a state, its political 
subdivisions, or any agency or instrumentality of a state or its political subdivisions, for 
the benefit of its employees, if such plan has total assets in excess of $5,000,000; any 
employee benefit plan within the meaning of the Employee Retirement Income Security 
Act of 1974 if the investment decision is made by a plan fiduciary, as defined in section 
3(21) of such Act, which is either a bank, savings and loan association, insurance company, 
or registered investment adviser, or if the employee benefit plan has total assets in excess 
of $5,000,000 or, if a self-directed plan, with investment decisions made solely by persons 
that are accredited investors; 
(2) Any private business development company as defined in section 202(a)(22) of the 
Investment Advisers Act of 1940; 
(3) Any organization described in section 501(c)(3) of the Internal Revenue Code, corporation, 
Massachusetts or similar business trust, partnership, or limited liability company, not 
formed for the specific purpose of acquiring the securities offered, with total assets in 
excess of $5,000,000; 
(4) Any director, executive officer, or general partner of the issuer of the securities being 
offered or sold, or any director, executive officer, or general partner of a general partner of 
that issuer; 
(5) Any natural person whose individual net worth, or joint net worth with that person’s spouse 
or spousal equivalent, exceeds $1,000,000. 
(i) Except as provided in paragraph (a)(5)(ii) of this section, for purposes of 
calculating net worth under this paragraph (a)(5): 
(A) The person’s primary residence shall not be included as an asset; 
(B) Indebtedness that is secured by the person’s primary residence, up to the 
estimated fair market value of the primary residence at the time of the sale 
of securities, shall not be included as a liability (except that if the amount 
of such indebtedness outstanding at the time of sale of securities exceeds 
the amount outstanding 60 days before such time, other than as a result of 
the acquisition of the primary residence, the amount of such excess shall 
be included as a liability); and 
(C) Indebtedness that is secured by the person’s primary residence in excess 
of the estimated fair market value of the primary residence at the time of 
the sale of securities shall be included as a liability; 
Case 25-12197-BLS    Doc 14    Filed 12/14/25    Page 114 of 119

=== page 115 ===
 
2 
 
(ii) Paragraph (a)(5)(i) of this section will not apply to any calculation of a person’s 
net worth made in connection with a purchase of securities in accordance with a 
right to purchase such securities, provided that: 
(A) Such right was held by the person on July 20, 2010; 
(B) The person qualified as an accredited investor on the basis of net worth at 
the time the person acquired such right; and 
(C) The person held securities of the same issuer, other than such right, on July 
20, 2010. 
(6) Any natural person who had an individual income in excess of $200,000 in each of the two 
most recent years or joint income with that person’s spouse in excess of $300,000 in each 
of those years and has a reasonable expectation of reaching the same income level in the 
current year; 
(7) Any trust, with total assets in excess of $5,000,000, not formed for the specific purpose of 
acquiring the securities offered, whose purchase is directed by a sophisticated person as 
described in Rule 506(b)(2)(ii) of the Securities Act; and 
(8) Any entity in which all of the equity owners are accredited investors. 
(9) Any entity, of a type not listed in paragraph (a)(1), (2), (3), (7), or (8), not formed for the 
specific purpose of acquiring the securities offered, owning investments in excess of 
$5,000,000; 
(10) 
Any natural person holding in good standing one or more professional 
certifications or designations or credentials from an accredited educational institution that 
the Commission has designated as qualifying an individual for accredited investor status.  
In determining whether to designate a professional certification or designation or credential 
from an accredited educational institution for purposes of this paragraph (a)(10), the 
Commission will consider, among others, the following attributes: 
(i) The certification, designation, or credential arises out of an examination or series 
of examinations administered by a self-regulatory organization or other industry 
body or is issued by an accredited educational institution; 
(ii) The examination or series of examinations is designed to reliably and validly 
demonstrate an individual’s comprehension and sophistication in the areas of 
securities and investing; 
(iii) Persons obtaining such certification, designation, or credential can reasonably be 
expected to have sufficient knowledge and experience in financial and business 
matters to evaluate the merits and risks of a prospective investment; and 
(iv) An indication that an individual holds the certification or designation is either 
made publicly available by the relevant self-regulatory organization or other 
industry body or is otherwise independently verifiable; 
(11) 
Any natural person who is a “knowledgeable employee,” as defined in rule 3c–
5(a)(4) under the Investment Company Act of 1940, of the issuer of the securities being 
offered or sold where the issuer would be an investment company, as defined in section 3 
of such act, but for the exclusion provided by either section 3(c)(1) or section 3(c)(7) of 
such act; 
(12) 
Any “family office,” as defined in rule 202(a)(11)(G)–1 under the Investment 
Advisers Act of 1940: 
Case 25-12197-BLS    Doc 14    Filed 12/14/25    Page 115 of 119

=== page 116 ===
 
3 
 
(i) With assets under management in excess of $5,000,000, 
(ii) That is not formed for the specific purpose of acquiring the securities offered, and 
(iii) Whose prospective investment is directed by a person who has such knowledge 
and experience in financial and business matters that such family office is capable 
of evaluating the merits and risks of the prospective investment; and 
(13) 
Any "family client," as defined in rule 202(a)(11)(G)–1 under the Investment 
Advisers Act of 1940, of a family office meeting the requirements in paragraph (a)(12) of 
this section and whose prospective investment in the issuer is directed by such family office 
pursuant to paragraph (a)(12)(iii). 
“Qualified institutional buyer” is defined in Rule 144A under the Securities Act as: 
(a)  
(i) any of the following entities, acting for its own account or the accounts of other 
qualified institutional buyers, that in the aggregate owns and invests on a 
discretionary basis at least US $100 million in securities of issuers that are not 
affiliated with the entity: 
(A) any insurance company as defined in Section 2(a)(13) of the Securities 
Act; Note:  A purchase by an insurance company for one or more of its 
separate accounts, as defined by Section 2(a)(37) of the U.S. Investment 
Company Act of 1940, as amended (the “Investment Company Act”), 
which are neither registered under Section 8 of the Investment Company 
Act nor required to be so registered, shall be deemed to be a purchase for 
the account of such insurance company. 
(B) any investment company registered under the Investment Company Act or 
any business development company as defined in Section 2(a)(48) of the 
Investment Company Act; 
(C) any small business investment company licensed by the U.S. Small 
Business Administration under Section 301(c) or (d) of the U.S. Small 
Business Investment Act of 1958, as amended; 
(D) any plan established and maintained by a U.S. state, its political 
subdivisions, or any agency or instrumentality of a state or its political 
subdivisions, for the benefit of its employees; 
(E) any employee benefit plan within the meaning of Title I of the U.S. 
Employee Retirement Income Security Act of 1974, as amended; 
(F) any trust fund whose trustee is a bank or trust company and whose 
participants are exclusively plans of the types identified in subparagraph 
(a)(i)(D) or (E) above, except trust funds that include as participants 
individual retirement accounts or H.R. 10 plans; 
(G) any business development company as defined in Section 202(a)(22) of 
the U.S. Investment Advisers Act of 1940, as amended (the “Investment 
Advisers Act”); 
(H) any organization described in Section 501(c)(3) of the U.S. Internal 
Revenue Code of 1986, as amended, corporation (other than a bank as 
defined in Section 3(a)(2) of the Securities Act or a savings and loan 
association or other institution referenced in Section 3(a)(5)(A) of the 
Case 25-12197-BLS    Doc 14    Filed 12/14/25    Page 116 of 119

=== page 117 ===
 
4 
 
Securities Act or a foreign bank or savings and loan association or 
equivalent institution), partnership, or Massachusetts or similar business 
trust; and 
(I) any investment adviser registered under the Investment Advisers Act. 
(ii) any dealer registered pursuant to Section 15 of the U.S. Securities Exchange Act 
of 1934, as amended (the “Exchange Act”), acting for its own account or the 
accounts of other qualified institutional buyers, that in the aggregate owns and 
invests on a discretionary basis at least US$10 million of securities of issuers that 
are not affiliated with the dealer, provided that securities constituting the whole or 
a part of an unsold allotment to or subscription by a dealer as a participant in a 
public offering shall not be deemed to be owned by such dealer; 
(iii) any dealer registered pursuant to Section 15 of the Exchange Act acting in a 
riskless principal transaction (as defined below) on behalf of a qualified 
institutional buyer; Note:  A registered dealer may act as agent, on a non-
discretionary basis, in a transaction with a qualified institutional buyer without 
itself having to be a qualified institutional buyer. 
(iv) any investment company registered under the Investment Company Act, acting for 
its own account or for the accounts of other qualified institutional buyers, that is 
part of a family of investment companies which own in aggregate at least US$100 
million in securities of issuers, other than issuers that are affiliated with the 
investment company or are part of such family of investment companies. “Family 
of investment companies” means any two or more investment companies 
registered under the Investment Company Act, except for a unit investment trust 
whose assets consist solely of shares of one or more registered investment 
companies, that have the same investment adviser (or, in the case of unit 
investment trusts, the same depositor), provided that: 
(A) each series of a series company (as defined in Rule 18f-2 under the 
Investment Company Act) shall be deemed to be a separate investment 
company; and 
(B) investment companies shall be deemed to have the same adviser (or 
depositor) if their advisers (or depositors) are majority-owned subsidiaries 
of the same parent, or if one investment company’s adviser (or depositor) 
is a majority-owned subsidiary of the other investment company’s adviser 
(or depositor); 
(v) any entity, all of the equity owners of which are qualified institutional buyers, 
acting for its own account or the accounts of other qualified institutional buyers; 
and 
(vi) any bank as defined in Section 3(a)(2) of the Securities Act, any savings and loan 
association or other institution as referenced in Section 3(a)(5)(A) of the Securities 
Act, or any foreign bank or savings and loan association or equivalent institution, 
acting for its own account or the accounts of other qualified institutional buyers, 
that in the aggregate owns and invests on a discretionary basis at least US$100 
million in securities of issuers that are not affiliated with it and that has an audited 
net worth at least US$25 million as demonstrated in its latest annual financial 
statements, as of a date not more than 16 months preceding the date of sale under 
the rule in the case of a U.S. bank or savings and loan association, and not more 
Case 25-12197-BLS    Doc 14    Filed 12/14/25    Page 117 of 119

=== page 118 ===
 
5 
 
than 18 months preceding such date of sale for a foreign bank or savings and loan 
association or equivalent institution. 
(b) In determining the aggregate amount of securities owned and invested on a discretionary basis by 
an entity, the following instruments and interests shall be excluded: bank deposit notes and 
certificates of deposit; loan participations; repurchase agreements; securities owned but subject to 
a repurchase agreement; and currency, interest rate and commodity swaps. 
(c) The aggregate value of securities owned and invested on a discretionary basis by an entity shall be 
the cost of such securities, except where the entity reports its securities holdings in its financial 
statements on the basis of their market value, and no current information with respect to the cost of 
those securities has been published. In the latter event, the securities may be valued at market for 
purposes of this section. 
(d) In determining the aggregate amount of securities owned by an entity and invested on a 
discretionary basis, securities owned by subsidiaries of the entity that are consolidated with the 
entity in its financial statements prepared in accordance with generally accepted accounting 
principles may be included if the investments of such subsidiaries are managed under the direction 
of the entity, except that, unless the entity is a reporting company under Section 13 or 15(d) of the 
Exchange Act, securities owned by such subsidiaries may not be included if the entity itself is a 
majority-owned subsidiary that would be included in the consolidated financial statements of 
another enterprise. 
“United States” is defined in Rule 902(l) of the Securities Act as the United States of America, its 
territories and possessions, any State of the United States, and the District of Columbia. 
“U.S. person” is defined in Rule 902(k) of the Securities Act as: 
(a) any natural person resident in the United States; 
(b) any partnership or corporation organized or incorporated under the laws of the United States; 
(c) any estate of which any executor or administrator is a U.S. person; 
(d) any trust of which any trustee is a U.S. person; 
(e) any agency or branch of a foreign entity located in the United States; 
(f) any non-discretionary account or similar account (other than an estate or trust) held by a dealer or 
other fiduciary for the benefit or account of a U.S. person; 
(g) any discretionary account or similar account (other than an estate or trust) held by a dealer or other 
fiduciary organized, incorporated, or (if an individual) resident in the United States; and 
(h) any partnership or corporation if: 
(1) organized or incorporated under the laws of any foreign jurisdiction; and 
(2) formed by a U.S. person principally for the purpose of investing in securities not registered 
under the Securities Act, unless it is organized or incorporated, and owned, by accredited 
investors (as defined in Rule 501(a) of the Securities Act) who are not natural persons, 
estates or trusts. 
The following are not “U.S. persons”: 
(a) any discretionary account or similar account (other than an estate or trust) held for the benefit or 
account of a non-U.S. person by a dealer or other professional fiduciary organized, incorporated, 
or (if an individual) resident in the United States; 
Case 25-12197-BLS    Doc 14    Filed 12/14/25    Page 118 of 119

=== page 119 ===
 
6 
 
(b) any estate of which any professional fiduciary acting as executor or administrator is a U.S. person 
if: 
(1) an executor or administrator of the estate who is not a U.S. person has sole or shared 
investment discretion with respect to the assets of the estate; and 
(2) the estate is governed by foreign law; 
(c) any trust of which any professional fiduciary acting as trustee is a U.S. person, if a trustee who is 
not a U.S. person has sole or shared investment discretion with respect to the trust assets, and no 
beneficiary of the trust (and no settlor if the trust is revocable) is a U.S. person; 
(d) an employee benefit plan established and administered in accordance with the law of a country 
other than the United States and customary practices and documentation of such country; 
(e)  any agency or branch of a U.S. person located outside the United States if: 
(1) the agency or branch operates for valid business reasons; and 
(2) the agency or branch is engaged in the business of insurance or banking and is subject to 
substantive insurance or banking regulation, respectively, in the jurisdiction where located; 
and 
(f) the International Monetary Fund, the International Bank for Reconstruction and Development, the 
Inter-American Development Bank, the Asian Development Bank, the African Development Bank, 
the United Nations, and their agencies, affiliates and pension plans, and any other similar 
international organizations, their agencies, affiliates and pension plans. 
Case 25-12197-BLS    Doc 14    Filed 12/14/25    Page 119 of 119

