=== page 1 ===
 
UNITED STATES BANKRUPTCY COURT 
DISTRICT OF NEW JERSEY 
UNITED STATES BANKRUPTCY COURT 
DISTRICT OF NEW JERSEY 
 
Caption in Compliance with D.N.J. LBR 9004-1(b) 
 
FAEGRE DRINKER BIDDLE & REATH LLP 
Michael P. Pompeo 
600 Campus Drive 
Florham Park, New Jersey 07932-1047 
(973) 549-7000 (Telephone) 
(973) 360-9831 (Facsimile) 
michael.pompeo@faegredrinker.com 
 
-and- 
 
Patrick A. Jackson (pro hac vice) 
Ian J. Bambrick (pro hac vice) 
Sarah E. Silveira (pro hac vice pending) 
222 Delaware Ave. Suite 1410 
Wilmington, DE  19801 
(302) 467-4200 (Telephone) 
(302) 467-4201 (Facsimile) 
patrick.jackson@faegredrinker.com 
ian.bambrick@faegredrinker.com 
 
Proposed Counsel to the DAMIS Debtors and 
Debtors in Possession 
 
In re: 
 
 
DAMIS Holdings LLC, et al.,1 
 
 
 
Debtors. 
 
Chapter 11 
 
Case No. 26-16439 (CMG) 
 
(Jointly Administered) 
 
 
DECLARATION OF PERRY MANDARINO,  
CHIEF RESTRUCTURING OFFICER OF THE DAMIS DEBTORS,  
IN SUPPORT OF CHAPTER 11 PETITIONS AND FIRST DAY MOTIONS 
 
1 A complete list of the DAMIS Debtors in these chapter 11 cases and each such Debtor’s tax identification number 
may be obtained on the website of the DAMIS Debtors’ proposed claims and noticing agent at 
https://restructuring.ra.kroll.com/DAMIS/.  The location of DAMIS Holdings LLC’s principal place of business and 
the DAMIS Debtors’ service address in these chapter 11 cases is 50 Quality Street, #110357, Trumbull, CT 06611. 
Case 26-16439-CMG    Doc 157    Filed 06/24/26    Entered 06/24/26 16:53:44    Desc Main
Document      Page 1 of 23

=== page 2 ===
2 
 
Pursuant to 28 U.S.C. § 1746, I, Perry Mandarino, hereby declare under penalty of perjury 
that the following is true and correct to the best of my knowledge and belief: 
1. 
I am Head of Restructuring and a Senior Managing Director at B. Riley Securities, 
Inc. (“B. Riley”), resident in its office located at 299 Park Avenue, New York, NY 10171.  I was 
appointed as Chief Restructuring Officer (the “CRO”) for the above-captioned debtors and debtors 
in possession (collectively, the “DAMIS Debtors”) on June 4, 2026.  B. Riley was originally 
retained as the financial advisor to both the DAMIS Debtors and the SIMAD Debtors (as defined 
below) on May 28, 2026, but has served as financial advisor solely to the DAMIS Debtors since 
the Court’s determination to separately administer the chapter 11 cases of the DAMIS Debtors and 
the SIMAD Debtors. 
2. 
I have approximately thirty-five years of restructuring experience, most of which 
has involved corporate restructuring transactions.  Prior to B. Riley, I was a Partner and Leader of 
the Business Recovery Services Practice at PricewaterhouseCoopers LLC, a financial advisory and 
accounting firm with numerous offices throughout the country.  Before then, I was Senior 
Managing Director at Traxi LLC beginning in April 2002.  Prior to April 2002, I was a partner at 
Arthur Andersen LLP.  I received a Bachelor of Science in Accounting from Seton Hall University 
in 1987.  Throughout my career I have advised hundreds of debtors, lenders and other stakeholders 
on numerous restructuring transactions in complex chapter 11 cases.  I have served in various roles 
in the following chapter 11 cases: (a) as chief restructuring officer in (i) In re Apple Tree Life 
Sciences, Inc., et al., Case No. 25-12177 (Bankr. D. Del. 2025) (LSS), (ii) In re Hoop Holdings, 
LLC, Case No. 08-10544 (Bankr. D. Del. 2008) (BLS), and (iii) The MIIX Group Inc., et al., Case 
No. 04-13588 (Bankr. D. Del. 2004) (MFW); (b) as chapter 11 trustee in In re New York Crane & 
Equipment Corp., et al., Case No. 16-40043 (Bankr. E.D.N.Y. 2016) (CEC); and (c) as examiner 
Case 26-16439-CMG    Doc 157    Filed 06/24/26    Entered 06/24/26 16:53:44    Desc Main
Document      Page 2 of 23

=== page 3 ===
3 
 
in (i) In re Polaroid Corp., et al., Case No. 01-10864 (Bankr. D. Del. 2001) (PJW) and (ii) In re 
Summit Global Logistics, Inc., et al., Case No. 08-11566 (Bankr. D.N.J. 2008) (DKS).  I have also 
served as financial advisor and investment banker in numerous cases, including many in the 
District of New Jersey.  In addition to this experience, I have been involved in the management of 
certain principal positions for affiliates of B. Riley Financial, Inc. 
3. 
Since I was engaged as CRO by the DAMIS Debtors, I have been working 
diligently with the DAMIS Debtors’ management and proposed restructuring counsel, Faegre 
Drinker Biddle & Reath LLP (“Faegre Drinker,” and, together with B. Riley, the “Debtor 
Advisors”) other professionals to understand, analyze, and assume operational control over the 
DAMIS Debtors’ business and operations.  I now have full operational control over the DAMIS 
Debtors and their business. 
4. 
I am over the age of 18 years, and if called upon to testify, I would testify 
competently to the facts and opinions set forth in this declaration (this “Declaration”).  Except 
where otherwise indicated, all statements in this Declaration are based upon (a) my personal 
knowledge, belief, or opinion, (b) information learned from my review of the DAMIS Debtors’ 
records maintained in the ordinary course of their business, (c) information supplied to me and/or 
verified by the DAMIS Debtors’ employees or advisors working directly with me or under my 
supervision, direction, or control, and/or (d) my knowledge, skill, education, experience, and/or 
training concerning financial restructurings, and I am competent to testify to the information 
contained herein.2   
 
2 Due to the exigent nature of the circumstances in which the Debtors commenced the Chapter 11 Cases, certain of 
the information set forth in this Declaration was obtained through publicly accessible sources concerning the 
DAMIS Debtors. 
Case 26-16439-CMG    Doc 157    Filed 06/24/26    Entered 06/24/26 16:53:44    Desc Main
Document      Page 3 of 23

=== page 4 ===
4 
 
5. 
On June 4, 2026 (the “Petition Date”), each of the DAMIS Debtors filed a voluntary 
petition for relief under chapter 11 of title 11 of the United States Code, 11 U.S.C. §§ 101–1532 
(the “Bankruptcy Code”) in the United States Bankruptcy Court for the District of New Jersey 
(this “Court”).  The DAMIS Debtors are authorized to operate their businesses and manage their 
properties as debtors and debtors in possession pursuant to sections 1107(a) and 1108 of the 
Bankruptcy Code.  No request has been made for the appointment of a trustee or an examiner.  The 
above-referenced chapter 11 cases (the “Chapter 11 Cases”) are being jointly administered for 
procedural purposes only pursuant to Bankruptcy Rule 1015(b).  D.I. 35. 
6. 
In anticipation of an impending liquidity shortfall that would have rendered them 
incapable of continuing to operate in the ordinary course, the DAMIS Debtors filed the Chapter 11 
Cases in order to preserve and maximize the value of their assets and to provide a centralized 
forum to resolve any and all claims and disputes related thereto.  The DAMIS Debtors had not 
undertaken, much less completed, any contingency-preparation efforts before commencing the 
Chapter 11 Cases.  As such, since the Petition Date, the Debtor Advisors have been working around 
the clock and conferring with various parties in interest to develop a more thorough understanding 
of the DAMIS Debtors’ financial condition, business operations, near-term obligations, and 
liquidity needs.  Much of the information required to effectively administer the Chapter 11 Cases, 
however, remains out of reach or otherwise incomplete as of the date of this Declaration.  Due to 
the recent engagements of both B. Riley and Faegre Drinker, the Debtor Advisors have so far had 
limited visibility into the DAMIS Debtors’ financial dealings and their overall operations.  As part 
of my engagement, I and the Debtor Advisors will continue to work diligently over the weeks and 
months ahead to investigate these issues, verify key information provided by the DAMIS Debtors’ 
employees, closely analyze the DAMIS Debtors’ books and records, and solicit input from parties 
Case 26-16439-CMG    Doc 157    Filed 06/24/26    Entered 06/24/26 16:53:44    Desc Main
Document      Page 4 of 23

=== page 5 ===
5 
 
in interest where necessary or prudent.  To assist with these efforts and ensure that decision-making 
remains disinterested and transparent throughout the Chapter 11 Cases, the DAMIS Debtors 
appointed two Independent Directors (as defined below) immediately prior to the Petition Date. 
7. 
Additionally, in the coming weeks, I intend to cause the DAMIS Debtors to engage 
a qualified firm to provide independent forensic accounting services in order to develop a clearer 
picture of prepetition transactions carried out by the DAMIS Debtors, including any and all 
intercompany transactions, both among the DAMIS Debtors and between the DAMIS Debtors and 
the SIMAD Debtors, their non-debtor affiliates, and the Shabsels Brothers (as defined below).  To 
the extent that information uncovered through this process requires additional disclosure to the 
Court and parties in interest, I intend to supplement this Declaration. 
8. 
I submit this Declaration  to assist the Court and parties in interest in understanding 
the circumstances that compelled the filing of the Chapter 11 Cases and in support of the petitions 
and the pleadings seeking various forms of “first day” relief (the “First Day Motions”) that the 
Debtors have filed to minimize the adverse effects of the Chapter 11 Cases on their operations.  
This Declaration proceeds in five parts: Part I provides a brief overview of the DAMIS Debtors’ 
business and operations.  Part II describes the DAMIS Debtors’ capital structure.  Part III then 
details the events and circumstances preceding the Chapter 11 Cases.  Next, Part IV offers an 
overview of the DAMIS Debtors’ primary objectives in the Chapter 11 Cases.  Finally, Part V 
provides evidentiary support for the First Day Motions and the relief sought therein. 
I. 
The DAMIS Debtors’ Business Operations. 
A. 
Overview of the DAMIS-SIMAD Enterprise. 
9. 
The DAMIS Debtors are indirect subsidiaries of SIMAD Holdings, Ltd. 
(the “Parent Company”), a holding company organized under the laws of the British Virgin 
Case 26-16439-CMG    Doc 157    Filed 06/24/26    Entered 06/24/26 16:53:44    Desc Main
Document      Page 5 of 23

=== page 6 ===
6 
 
Islands.   Michael Shabsels and David Shabsels (the “Shabsels Brothers”) are the ultimate equity 
holders of the Parent Company and its various subsidiaries and affiliates (collectively, 
the “DAMIS-SIMAD Enterprise”), which comprises: (a) the DAMIS Debtors, (b) certain affiliates 
of the DAMIS Debtors that own and operate summer camps (the “SIMAD Debtors”), whose 
chapter 11 cases are being separately administered by the Court under Case No. 26-16388 (CMG), 
and (c) certain non-debtor affiliates.  Put simply, the core business of the DAMIS-SIMAD 
Enterprise consists of acquiring, leasing, and operating a highly diversified portfolio of real estate 
holdings, buildings, and related assets across the United States. 
B. 
The DAMIS Debtors’ Assets. 
10. 
The DAMIS Debtors own, lease, and operate various buildings, improvements, 
personal 
property, 
leases, 
leasehold 
interests, 
and 
related 
assets 
(collectively, 
the “Leasehold Assets”) located on or associated with real property with respect to which the 
DAMIS Debtors either (a) own fee simple interests (the “Owned Properties”), or (b) own rights of 
possession and leasehold interests, subject to ground leases (the “Leased Properties,” and, together 
with the Owned Properties, the “Properties,” and the Properties, together with the Leasehold 
Assets, collectively, the “Assets”).  
11. 
The DAMIS Debtors own or lease approximately fifty-five (55) Properties located 
in Alabama, Arkansas, California, Connecticut, Florida, Georgia, Illinois, Indiana, Iowa, 
Kentucky, Maine, Massachusetts, Michigan, Missouri, New Hampshire, New Jersey, New York, 
Ohio, Oklahoma, Pennsylvania, Texas, Virginia, and West Virginia, and encompass, among 
other things: 
(a) 
hotels and lodgings, such as Rocking Horse Ranch Resort, an all-inclusive 
family resort located roughly 90 miles north of New York City, where guests 
enjoy a range of indoor and outdoor activities; 
Case 26-16439-CMG    Doc 157    Filed 06/24/26    Entered 06/24/26 16:53:44    Desc Main
Document      Page 6 of 23

=== page 7 ===
7 
 
(b) 
leisure properties, such as SplashDown Beach, a waterpark located in New 
York’s Hudson Valley; 
(c) 
multifamily properties, consisting mainly of apartment buildings with units 
across a range of affordable and high-end price points;  
(d) 
retail properties, which generally comprise shopping complexes, often 
anchored by large, brand-name commercial tenants; 
(e) 
office buildings, which house a variety of business tenants; 
(f) 
medical offices, occupied by dental practices and surgical oncology facilities, 
among others; and 
(g) 
industrial properties, such as warehouses and manufacturing facilities. 
C. 
Acquisitions and Ownership of the Assets. 
12. 
The DAMIS Debtors’ overall Asset portfolio includes a mix of Properties that are 
either owned outright by the DAMIS Debtors or are owned subject to Ground Leases (as 
defined below) between the DAMIS Debtors and the applicable Non-Debtor Fee Holder 
(as defined below).  As of the date of this Declaration, the Debtor Advisors are not in a position to 
provide an informed estimate of the value of the Properties.  The Property values that supported 
the issuance of the Fee Mortgages, the Leasehold Mortgages, and the Non-Debtor Fee Mortgages 
(each as defined below), as well as other financial transactions and relationships, remain the subject 
of active investigation by the Debtor Advisors. 
1. 
Owned Properties 
13. 
Upon information and belief, the DAMIS Debtors hold fee interests in eighteen 
(18) Owned Properties located in Alabama, Arkansas, California, Connecticut, Florida, Georgia, 
Indiana, Massachusetts, New York, Ohio, Oklahoma, Tennessee, and Virginia.  The Owned 
Properties, acquired between 2016 and 2022, consist of hotels, industrial properties, medical 
offices, multifamily apartment buildings, offices buildings, retail properties, and mixed-use 
properties.  The DAMIS Debtors are obligated on mortgages (each, an “Fee Mortgage”) that are 
secured by the Owned Properties. 
Case 26-16439-CMG    Doc 157    Filed 06/24/26    Entered 06/24/26 16:53:44    Desc Main
Document      Page 7 of 23

=== page 8 ===
8 
 
2. 
Leased Properties 
14. 
Upon information and belief, fee simple interests in the Leased Properties are held 
by non-debtor entities (each, a “Non-Debtor Fee Holder”) that are not controlled by (but may 
constitute affiliates of) the DAMIS Debtors.  Upon information and belief, many of the 
Non-Debtor Fee Holders are entities established and owned directly or indirectly either by: (a) the 
Shabsels Brothers; (b) trusts established for the benefit of the Shabsels Brothers’ family members; 
(c) Leeton Real Estate, Inc., an entity controlled by Mark Graham, a longstanding business partner 
of the Shabsels Brothers; or (d) some combination of the foregoing parties.  
15. 
In most cases, the DAMIS Debtors’ interests in the Leased Properties would arise 
through a process substantially similar in all material respects to the following sequence of steps.  
First, the DAMIS Debtors would identify a target property, generally comprising a mix of real 
property, buildings, improvements, mineral rights, timber rights, personalty, existing leases, and 
related assets (the “Target Property”).  Next, the Non-Debtor Fee Holder would enter into a 
purchase contract (the “Purchase Agreement”) with the third-party owner of the Target Property—
say, for the sake of illustration, for a purchase price of $10 million (the “Initial Acquisition”).  The 
Non-Debtor Fee Holder would then enter into separate sale agreements (the “Sale Agreements,” 
and the transactions embodied therein, the “Secondary Acquisitions”) with two DAMIS Debtor 
entities: one (a “LandCo Debtor”) that would contract to purchase the ownership interests in the 
buildings, improvements, personalty, and other rights and interests associated with the Target 
Property, in each case subject to a 99-year ground lease (each, a “Ground Lease”); and another 
(an “OpCo Debtor”) that would contract to purchase the rights under all pre-existing tenant leases, 
space leases, and similar leases and interests connected to the Target Property, also subject to the 
Case 26-16439-CMG    Doc 157    Filed 06/24/26    Entered 06/24/26 16:53:44    Desc Main
Document      Page 8 of 23

=== page 9 ===
9 
 
Ground Lease.3  The aggregate amount payable to the Non-Debtor Fee Holder under the Sale 
Agreements would be less than the amount payable by the Non-Debtor Fee Holder under the 
Purchase Agreement with the seller of the Target Property—say, again for the sake of illustration, 
$8 million. 
16. 
With the Purchase Agreement and Sale Agreements in place, the DAMIS Debtors 
would obtain acquisition financing secured by assets to be acquired in the Secondary Acquisition 
(a “Leasehold Mortgage”), which typically had a loan-to-value ratio in the range of 65–75% of the 
purchase price for the assets—so, in this illustration, between $5.2 million and $6 million.4  
Separately, the Non-Debtor Fee Holder would obtain acquisition financing secured by the fee 
simple interest in the Target Property (a “Non-Debtor Fee Mortgage”), in an amount typically 
equal to 40% of the purchase price for the Target Property—so, in this illustration, $4 million.  
When possible, the Non-Debtor Fee Mortgage would be provided by a traditional, long-term 
mortgage lender; typically, however, the Non-Debtor Fee Mortgage would be provided by a 
short-term bridge lender, with the goal of replacing the bridge loan with a permanent mortgage at 
some point after the transaction closed.  (For the avoidance of doubt, the Non-Debtor Fee 
Mortgages do not constitute obligations of the DAMIS Debtors.) 
17. 
Closing of the Initial Acquisition and the Secondary Acquisitions typically 
occurred simultaneously, so that the proceeds of the Non-Debtor Fee Mortgage and the Leasehold 
Mortgage could be utilized to pay the purchase price for the Target Property.  After closing, the 
fee interest in the real property was owned by the Non-Debtor Fee Holder, the building and 
 
3 Upon information and belief, in some cases, DAMIS Holdings LLC served as the purchaser in the Secondary 
Acquisitions, and the borrower under the Leasehold Mortgage, and subsequently assigned its interests in in all 
applicable agreements to the DAMIS Debtor entities that would eventually serve as the LandCo Debtor and the OpCo 
Debtor.  The transactions described in this section are for illustrative purposes only. 
4 The LandCo Debtor and the OpCo Debtor are generally the borrowers under each Leasehold Mortgage, and other 
DAMIS Debtors, their non-debtor affiliates, the Shabsels Brothers, or a combination thereof serve as guarantors 
or pledgors thereunder. 
Case 26-16439-CMG    Doc 157    Filed 06/24/26    Entered 06/24/26 16:53:44    Desc Main
Document      Page 9 of 23

=== page 10 ===
10 
 
improvements were owned by the LandCo Debtor subject to the Ground Lease with the 
Non-Debtor Fee Holder, and the leases with the space tenants were owned by the OpCo Debtor, 
also subject to the Ground Lease.  Rent receipts by the LandCo Debtor and/or the OpCo Debtor 
were used to service the Leasehold Mortgage, and ground rent received by the Non-Debtor Fee 
Holder from the LandCo Debtor and the OpCo Debtor under the Ground Lease was used to service 
the Non-Debtor Fee Mortgage. 
D. 
The DAMIS Debtors’ Operations.  
18. 
The DAMIS Debtors’ business centers on the acquisition, operation, management, 
development, and leasing of income-generating commercial, residential, and industrial real estate 
and related assets.  The DAMIS Debtors’ primary revenue source consists of base rental income 
generated from leases in effect at both the Owned Properties and the Leased Properties.  The 
DAMIS Debtors’ business also produces resort and lodging revenues and ancillary revenues 
derived from facility rentals, payments for parking at the Properties, and sales of food 
and beverages. 
E. 
The DAMIS Debtors’ Workforce and the Property Managers. 
19. 
The DAMIS Debtors directly employ a limited number of individuals who 
generally serve in corporate functions that support the DAMIS Debtors’ business as a whole, 
including legal, operations management, accounting, and treasury.  These employees include 
personnel who are intimately familiar with the DAMIS Debtors’ business and possess the unique 
skills and experience necessary to perform a wide range of functions that are critical to the DAMIS 
Debtors’ ability to operate in the ordinary course of business. 
20. 
To supplement their workforce, the DAMIS Debtors rely on the services of various 
property managers (the “Property Managers”) and their employees to oversee day-to-day 
Case 26-16439-CMG    Doc 157    Filed 06/24/26    Entered 06/24/26 16:53:44    Desc Main
Document      Page 10 of 23

=== page 11 ===
11 
 
operations at the Properties. The Property Managers perform a range of services that are 
indispensable to the DAMIS Debtors’ ordinary-course operations, including, among other things: 
(a) managing the Properties; (b) collecting rent from the DAMIS Debtors’ tenants and facilitating 
deposits in the DAMIS Debtors’ operating accounts; (c) overseeing maintenance of the Properties 
and arranging for any emergency repairs that might be necessary; and (d) coordinating with, and 
making payments on behalf of the DAMIS Debtors to, third-party service providers such as 
security firms, cleaning crews, utility providers, insurance carriers, and other vendors 
and suppliers. 
II. 
The DAMIS Debtors’ Capital Structure.5 
A. 
Mortgage Obligations. 
21. 
On the basis of information available to and reviewed by me and the Debtor 
Advisors, I believe that the DAMIS Debtors’ prepetition secured indebtedness under the Fee 
Mortgages and the Leasehold Mortgages (together, the “Mortgages,” and the Mortgages, together 
with all agreements, deeds of trust, financing statements, and other documents and instruments 
related thereto, collectively, the “Mortgage Loan Documents”) consists of an aggregate principal 
amount of approximately $466 million in outstanding obligations (the “Mortgage Obligations”) 
owed to various lenders (collectively, the “Mortgage Lenders”).  As of the date of this Declaration, 
the Debtor Advisors continue to review title reports obtained for each Property and its associated 
Assets in order to ascertain the current holders and servicers of all Mortgages, as well as all other 
recorded liens against the Properties and the Assets. 
 
5 For the avoidance of doubt, the DAMIS Debtors will disclose all indebtedness in their schedules of assets and 
liabilities, which they expect to file in the coming months.  The information set forth in this section is preliminary and 
remains subject to further review and revision by the DAMIS Debtors.  Any description of indebtedness or parties as 
“secured” is for ease of reference only and is not intended, nor should it be construed, as an admission as to the 
existence, validity, or extent of any lien or security interest in property of the DAMIS Debtors’ estates.  The DAMIS 
Debtors reserve all rights as to such issues, as well as to the validity and amount of any putative secured party’s claim. 
Case 26-16439-CMG    Doc 157    Filed 06/24/26    Entered 06/24/26 16:53:44    Desc Main
Document      Page 11 of 23

=== page 12 ===
12 
 
B. 
Small Business Association Loans. 
22. 
Following the onset of the COVID-19 pandemic, fourteen (14) of the DAMIS 
Debtors obtained secured financing pursuant to the Economic Injury Disaster Loan program (each 
loan provided thereunder, an “EIDL Loan”) administered by the U.S. Small Business 
Administration.  The EIDL Loans, issued in principal amounts ranging from approximately 
$35,000 to $180,000, generally mature thirty (30) years from the date of issuance and are secured 
by all of the borrower’s tangible and intangible personal property, among other things.  The 
DAMIS Debtors estimate that approximately $1.1 million in obligations under the EIDL Loans 
remained outstanding as of the Petition Date.   
C. 
Merchant Cash Advances. 
23. 
Certain of the DAMIS Debtors are parties to readily accessible, revenue-based 
financing arrangements that serve as an alternative to traditional lending options, commonly 
referred to as merchant cash advances (each, an “MCA”).  Under these arrangements, providers of 
MCAs (the “MCA Lenders”) advance short-term funding that the DAMIS Debtors use to satisfy 
working-capital needs as they arise in the ordinary course of business.  Generally, the agreements 
governing the MCAs (the “MCA Agreements”) entitle the MCA Lenders to contractually 
determined percentages of specific DAMIS Debtors’ receivables, which the MCA Lenders acquire 
at a significant discount in exchange for their willingness to provide MCAs.  The MCA Lenders 
recover amounts due from the DAMIS Debtors on account of the MCAs (the “MCA Obligations”) 
through periodic withdrawals from the DAMIS Debtors’ bank accounts, which occur on a 
continual basis until the DAMIS Debtors have repaid the MCA Obligations in full.  The MCA 
Obligations are often guaranteed by numerous DAMIS Debtor entities, SIMAD Debtor entities, 
Case 26-16439-CMG    Doc 157    Filed 06/24/26    Entered 06/24/26 16:53:44    Desc Main
Document      Page 12 of 23

=== page 13 ===
13 
 
non-debtor affiliates, and the Shabsels Brothers.  The DAMIS Debtors estimate that approximately 
$134 million in MCA Obligations remained outstanding as of the Petition Date. 
D. 
General Unsecured Obligations. 
24. 
As of the Petition Date, the DAMIS Debtors estimate that they have approximately 
$52 million in outstanding unsecured obligations (collectively, the “Prepetition Unsecured 
Obligations”), which consist primarily of amounts due to trade vendors and other creditors, as well 
as loans extended by various individuals to certain of the DAMIS Debtors on an unsecured basis, 
many of which are personally guaranteed by the Shabsels Brothers.  The DAMIS Debtors intend 
to refine the estimated amount of Prepetition Unsecured Obligations due and owing as of the 
Petition Date in connection with the preparation of their schedules of assets and liabilities and 
statements of financial affairs. 
E. 
Equity Interests in DAMIS Holdings LLC. 
25. 
As of the Petition Date, Mr. David Shabsels and Mr. Michael Shabsels each held 
50% of the outstanding limited liability company interests of DAMIS Holdings LLC. 
III. 
Events Preceding the Chapter 11 Cases. 
26. 
The chapter 11 proceedings of certain of the SIMAD Debtors were precipitated by 
a default under a publicly held bond issuance of the SIMAD Debtors (the “SIMAD Debentures”) 
following their failure to make a scheduled interest payment on May 31, 2026.  Recognizing that 
they would be unable to satisfy their funded-debt obligations and avoid extensive operational 
disruption without filing for chapter 11 protection, the SIMAD Debtors and the DAMIS Debtors 
commenced their chapter 11 cases on June 4, 2026. 
27. 
As of the Petition Date, the DAMIS Debtors’ cash on hand had declined to a level 
far below the amounts necessary to satisfy near-term debt-service obligations under the Mortgages, 
Case 26-16439-CMG    Doc 157    Filed 06/24/26    Entered 06/24/26 16:53:44    Desc Main
Document      Page 13 of 23

=== page 14 ===
14 
 
fund payroll, and other crucial operating expenses.  (As of the date of this Declaration, the DAMIS 
Debtors have approximately $10.3 million in cash on hand—an amount still inadequate to fund 
debt-service payments and operating expenses.)  In addition, certain of the Mortgage Loan 
Documents and the MCA Agreements contain cross-guaranties and/or cross-default provisions 
that, if triggered by the SIMAD Debtors’ default under the SIMAD Debentures, defaults under the 
SIMAD Debtors’ merchant cash advance arrangements, or the Shabsels Brothers both seeking 
bankruptcy protection, could have enabled Mortgage Lenders and MCA Lenders to exercise 
remedies against the DAMIS Debtors outside the chapter 11 context.  Given the extensive 
intercompany relationships and obligations among the DAMIS Debtors, the SIMAD Debtors, and 
their non-debtor affiliates, commencing the Chapter 11 Cases was necessary to avoid catastrophic 
business disruption and a potentially enterprise-wide inability to access cash. 
28. 
Further, upon information and belief, certain of the DAMIS Debtors had defaulted 
on their MCA Obligations in the days immediately before the Petition Date.  In order to recover 
amounts owed, several MCA Lenders exercised their rights under the applicable MCA Agreements 
and began sweeping cash from certain of the DAMIS Debtors’ bank accounts.  In an effort to 
mitigate the risk that MCA Lenders would continue sweeping cash from the DAMIS Debtors’ 
accounts in order to repay the MCA Obligations, the DAMIS Debtors appointed me as CRO and 
soon thereafter authorized the filing of the Chapter 11 Cases to obtain the benefit of the automatic 
stay and begin to address their liquidity issues through an orderly, transparent, 
court-supervised process. 
29. 
In the months ahead, I and the Debtor Advisors will investigate the full extent of 
the circumstances that led to the commencement of the Chapter 11 Cases.  I anticipate that this 
investigation will place a significant emphasis on prepetition intercompany transactions between 
Case 26-16439-CMG    Doc 157    Filed 06/24/26    Entered 06/24/26 16:53:44    Desc Main
Document      Page 14 of 23

=== page 15 ===
15 
 
the DAMIS Debtors, the SIMAD Debtors, their non-debtor affiliates, the Shabsels Brothers, and 
the Non-Debtor Fee Holders, among other parties, as well as any misconduct that may have 
occurred in connection with any such transactions.  As additional information becomes available, 
the DAMIS Debtors will provide the Court and parties in interest with further updates as soon as 
reasonably practicable. 
IV. 
Postpetition Efforts and Objectives of the Chapter 11 Cases. 
30. 
Since my appointment as CRO on the Petition Date, I have been working diligently, 
together with the Debtor Advisors, to assess the operational and financial condition of each of the 
ninety (90) DAMIS Debtors and their Assets.  Given the free-fall nature of the Chapter 11 Cases—
in which no prepetition restructuring negotiations were concluded and no plan support agreement 
was in place as of the Petition Date—my immediate priority has been to stabilize operations and 
conduct a comprehensive assessment of the Assets, which encompass retail properties, multifamily 
residential units, and office buildings across the United States.  To that end, since the Petition Date, 
I and my advisors have been: (a) reviewing each DAMIS Debtor’s organizational structure, 
governing documents, and prepetition contractual obligations, including leases, financing 
agreements, and encumbrances, to develop a clear understanding of each entity’s legal and capital 
structure; (b) conducting property-level operational reviews to assess current occupancy levels, 
rent rolls, operating expenses, and property-level cash flows; (c) engaging with licensed appraisers 
and real estate professionals to conduct independent valuations of the Assets in order to assess the 
fair market value of each property on both a standalone and portfolio-wide basis; and (d) evaluating 
the operational viability of each DAMIS Debtor to determine whether individual Assets should be 
retained and restructured as part of a going concern or, alternatively, marketed and sold pursuant 
to section 363 of the Bankruptcy Code for the benefit of the DAMIS Debtors’ estates and their 
Case 26-16439-CMG    Doc 157    Filed 06/24/26    Entered 06/24/26 16:53:44    Desc Main
Document      Page 15 of 23

=== page 16 ===
16 
 
creditors.  This assessment remains ongoing, and I expect to have a more fulsome view of the 
Assets’ composition, value, and viability in the coming weeks.  As described herein, the relief 
requested in the First Day Motions is necessary to preserve the value of the DAMIS Debtors’ 
estates, and to provide me and my team with the tools necessary to conduct this assessment and 
ensure that I can fulfill my obligations as CRO during the Chapter 11 Cases.   
31. 
As described in more depth in this section, I and the Debtor Advisors have taken 
several additional measures that have so far been, or will likely prove to be, critical to ensure the 
success of the DAMIS Debtors’ restructuring efforts. 
A. 
Governance & Control of the DAMIS Debtors. 
32. 
To safeguard the DAMIS Debtors’ restructuring efforts, I have relieved the 
Shabsels Brothers of all authority over decision-making concerning the DAMIS Debtors.  As of 
the date of this Declaration, however, I have been unable to obtain the requisite signatures from 
the Shabsels Brothers to relinquish their authority as signatories for the DAMIS Debtors’ bank 
accounts.  In order to protect their assets during the Chapter 11 Cases, the DAMIS Debtors 
therefore seek authority, through the Cash Management Motion,6 to replace the Shabsels Brothers 
as signatories with respect to each of the Bank Accounts (as defined therein). 
B. 
Engagement of Independent Directors & Professionals. 
33. 
Immediately prior to the Petition Date, two disinterested directors, Mr. Bernard 
Katz and Ms. Jill Frizzley (the “Independent Directors”), were appointed to the board of DAMIS 
Holdings LLC.  The Independent Directors, who replaced the Shabsels Brothers in all matters 
 
6 “Cash Management Motion” means the DAMIS Debtors’ Motion for Entry of Interim and Final Orders (I) Granting 
Authority to (A) Continue Using the Cash Management System, Business Forms, and Books and Records and Pay All 
Fees Related Thereto, (B) Implement Ordinary-Course Changes to Cash Management System, Including Opening and 
Closing Accounts, (C) Continue Intercompany Transactions; (II) Granting Administrative Expense Status to 
Postpetition Intercompany Transactions; and (III) Granting Related Relief, filed contemporaneously herewith. 
Case 26-16439-CMG    Doc 157    Filed 06/24/26    Entered 06/24/26 16:53:44    Desc Main
Document      Page 16 of 23

=== page 17 ===
17 
 
concerning the governance of the DAMIS Debtors, are tasked with overseeing the DAMIS Debtors 
and ensuring independent decision-making with respect to their operations and management 
throughout the Chapter 11 Cases.  Both Ms. Frizzley and Mr. Katz have extensive experience as 
board members and industry professionals and proven track records of successfully navigating 
distressed situations.  Ms. Frizzley currently serves as a director for Trinseo Plc, and has in the 
past served on the boards of QVC, Inc., certain affiliates of Harvest Sherwood Food Distributors, 
Inc., Invitae Corporation, Virgin Orbit Holdings, Inc., Surgalign Holdings, Inc., Avaya Holdings 
Corporation, and Hudson Technologies, Inc.  With more than 40 years of expertise in forensic 
accounting as well as corporate restructuring financial advisory services, Mr. Katz is similarly well 
positioned to oversee an independent decision-making process in the Chapter 11 Cases.  Mr. Katz 
has served as an independent director of the boards of Modell’s, Hollister Construction, George 
Washington Bridge Bus Station Development, DeVault Foods, Bett-A-Way Holdings, and 
Princeton Alternative Investment Funds, among numerous others.  The appointment of the 
Independent Directors will ensure that the Chapter 11 Cases are administered in a transparent, 
disinterested manner for the benefit of the DAMIS Debtors’ estates and all parties in interest. 
34. 
Additionally, subject to Court approval, the DAMIS Debtors expect to engage one 
or more independent professionals to supplement the efforts of the Debtor Advisors in the weeks 
ahead.  First, the DAMIS Debtors plan to retain an independent forensic accountant to conduct a 
comprehensive examination of the DAMIS Debtors’ historical financial information and 
prepetition transactions, including intercompany transactions between the DAMIS Debtors, on the 
one hand, and the SIMAD Debtors, non-debtor affiliates, and entities controlled by the Shabsels 
Brothers, on the other.  Second, the DAMIS Debtors intend to engage a strategic real estate 
consultant to provide appraisals as necessary to assist the DAMIS Debtors in a strategic review of 
Case 26-16439-CMG    Doc 157    Filed 06/24/26    Entered 06/24/26 16:53:44    Desc Main
Document      Page 17 of 23

=== page 18 ===
18 
 
their portfolio.  The DAMIS Debtors anticipate that robust, independent valuations conducted by 
an advisory firm specializing in real estate transactions will prove essential in charting a path 
forward in the Chapter 11 Cases, and the DAMIS Debtors continue to explore potential candidates 
as of the date of this Declaration. 
C. 
Automatic Stay Violations. 
35. 
Among the DAMIS Debtors’ most urgent priorities in the initial phase of the 
Chapter 11 Cases is addressing the numerous violations of the automatic stay that MCA Lenders 
have committed since the Petition Date.  Over the past several weeks, notwithstanding the 
automatic stay that took effect upon the commencement of the Chapter 11 Cases, various MCA 
Lenders have attempted to sweep cash from bank accounts of the DAMIS Debtors following 
purported defaults under the applicable MCA Agreements.  Certain MCA Lenders have also begun 
contacting tenants at the DAMIS Debtors’ properties to demand that such tenants make future rent 
payments directly to the MCA Lenders rather than the DAMIS Debtors, as required pursuant to 
the terms of their respective lease agreements.   
36. 
To take just one example, on June 12, 2026, eight days after the commencement of 
the Chapter 11 Cases, the DAMIS Debtors received a Notice of UCC Demand and Request for 
Accounts Receivables (the “MMH Demand Letter”) from The Merchant Marketplace Holdings 
(“MMH”), one of the DAMIS Debtors’ MCA Lenders.  The MMH Demand Letter, which is 
attached as Exhibit A hereto, was addressed to a tenant of two of the DAMIS Debtors, Matteson 
Center Real Estate LLC and DAMIS Holdings LLC.  The MMH Demand Letter asserts that 
because of alleged defaults by Matteson Center Real Estate LLC and DAMIS Holdings LLC, the 
bank accounts of these DAMIS Debtors “now belong to The Merchant Marketplace Holdings,” 
and instructs the tenant to “put a hold on any funds owed and not remit them to Matteson Center 
Case 26-16439-CMG    Doc 157    Filed 06/24/26    Entered 06/24/26 16:53:44    Desc Main
Document      Page 18 of 23

=== page 19 ===
19 
 
Real Estate LLC; Damis Holdings LLC [sic], and to instead pay those funds directly to The 
Merchant Marketplace Holdings.”  MMH Demand Letter at 1.  On June 17, 2026, the DAMIS 
Debtors sent a letter to MMH via email (and by overnight mail on the following day) notifying 
MMH that such attempts to collect on any claims against the DAMIS Debtors constitute violations 
of the automatic stay.  Faegre Drinker, as proposed counsel to the DAMIS Debtors, separately 
contacted counsel to MMH via email on June 17, 2026, but as of the date of this Declaration, the 
DAMIS Debtors have not received a response from either MMH or its counsel. 
37. 
The DAMIS Debtors sent similar correspondence to all of the MCA Lenders on 
June 17, 2026, notifying the MCA Lenders that any attempts to debit the DAMIS Debtors’ bank 
accounts or otherwise collect amounts allegedly owed by the DAMIS Debtors constitute violations 
of the automatic stay and formally demanding that any and all amounts debited from the DAMIS 
Debtors’ bank accounts since the Petition Date be returned immediately.  In addition, with the 
assistance of Kroll Restructuring Administration LLC (“Kroll”), the DAMIS Debtors’ proposed 
claims and noticing agent, the DAMIS Debtors provided notice to more than 300 tenants at 
Properties owned or leased by DAMIS Debtors that are party to MCA Agreements that all tenants 
of the DAMIS Debtors remain obligated to make rent payments to the DAMIS Debtors, and that 
under no circumstances should tenants withhold or redirect rent payments pursuant to demands 
received from any MCA Lenders.7 
38. 
The DAMIS Debtors have provided the MCA Lenders with notice of the 
Chapter 11 Cases that is more than sufficient to alert them to the scope and applicability of the 
automatic stay.  Since the Petition Date, however, certain MCA Lenders continue to attempt to 
effect sweeps of the DAMIS Debtors’ bank accounts and/or contact the DAMIS Debtors’ tenants 
 
7 The DAMIS Debtors anticipate that affidavits of service concerning the notices described in this paragraph will be 
filed on the Court’s docket substantially contemporaneously with this Declaration. 
Case 26-16439-CMG    Doc 157    Filed 06/24/26    Entered 06/24/26 16:53:44    Desc Main
Document      Page 19 of 23

=== page 20 ===
20 
 
to demand that tenants direct future rent payments to the MCA Lenders rather than the DAMIS 
Debtors.  Every such cash sweep further undercuts the DAMIS Debtors’ liquidity position and 
jeopardizes their ability to sustain ordinary-course operations, and each attempt to redirect rent 
payments creates confusion among the DAMIS Debtors’ tenant base.  The postpetition conduct of 
certain MCA Lenders has required that the DAMIS Debtors expend significant time and resources 
in communicating with banks where the DAMIS Debtors maintain operating accounts to ensure 
that further cash sweeps do not occur, and with tenants at their various Properties, rather than fully 
devoting their time and energy to the efficient administration of the Chapter 11 Cases. 
39. 
Contemporaneously with this Declaration, the DAMIS Debtors have filed a motion 
seeking an order restating and enforcing the automatic stay, in hopes of providing additional clarity 
to the MCA Lenders and all parties in interest with respect to the reach and applicability of the 
automatic stay in the Chapter 11 Cases.  The DAMIS Debtors will pursue all available remedies 
to prevent any further unilateral attempts by MCA Lenders to recover amounts allegedly due and 
owing under the MCA Agreements during the Chapter 11 Cases, including, if necessary, seeking 
orders compelling the return of any and all funds improperly removed from the DAMIS Debtors’ 
bank accounts and moving for the imposition of sanctions related to violations of the 
automatic stay. 
D. 
Preservation of Vendor Relationships. 
40. 
The DAMIS Debtors depend on a large number of vendors, suppliers, and service 
providers to operate in the ordinary course of business.  These vendors provide the DAMIS Debtors 
with a range of goods, materials, and services, including food, supplies, maintenance, staffing, and 
logistics.  Since the Petition Date, the DAMIS Debtors have received numerous communications 
from vendors expressing concern about the DAMIS Debtors’ ability to pay amounts due and owing 
Case 26-16439-CMG    Doc 157    Filed 06/24/26    Entered 06/24/26 16:53:44    Desc Main
Document      Page 20 of 23

=== page 21 ===
21 
 
for services rendered prior to the Chapter 11 Cases.  In addition, certain of these parties have 
indicated that they may cease performing absent prompt payment of amounts owed by the 
DAMIS Debtors. 
41. 
In order for the DAMIS Debtors to assure their tenants, guests, and employees that 
they will be able to continue operating in the ordinary course and providing the same quality of 
service that their stakeholders have come to expect, it is imperative that the DAMIS Debtors 
maintain uninterrupted access to the full suite of products and services required in the operation of 
their businesses.  Any disruption in the provision of critical goods and services by the DAMIS 
Debtors’ vendor partners would have extensive, adverse economic and operational consequences 
for the DAMIS Debtors’ ability to continue operating in the ordinary course during the Chapter 11 
Cases.  Preserving vendor relationships is therefore among the DAMIS Debtors’ highest priorities 
in the Chapter 11 Cases, as described more fully in the DAMIS Debtors’ Motion for Entry of 
Interim and Final Orders (I) Authorizing the DAMIS Debtors to Pay Certain Prepetition Claims 
of Critical Vendors and Service Providers; (II) Authorizing the Banks to Honor and Process 
Checks and Electronic Transfer Requests Related Thereto; and (III) Granting Related Relief, filed 
contemporaneously herewith. 
E. 
Long-Term Chapter 11 Objectives. 
42. 
As the Chapter 11 Cases progress, the DAMIS Debtors intend to work tirelessly to 
build support among their various stakeholders for one or more value-maximizing transactions.  
Given the minimal amount of cash on hand, the DAMIS Debtors will likely require access to 
additional liquidity to effectively administer the Chapter 11 Cases.  While the DAMIS Debtors 
and the Debtor Advisors work toward developing consensus on a path forward in the Chapter 11 
Cases, the DAMIS Debtors hope to negotiate the consensual use of cash collateral with all or some 
Case 26-16439-CMG    Doc 157    Filed 06/24/26    Entered 06/24/26 16:53:44    Desc Main
Document      Page 21 of 23

=== page 22 ===
22 
 
of the Mortgage Lenders that maintain security interests in cash received by the DAMIS Debtors 
in the form of rental income, hotel and resort revenues, and other proceeds generated by the Assets.  
In parallel with these discussions, the Debtor Advisors intend to explore all available options to 
address the DAMIS Debtors’ liquidity needs, including but not limited to debtor-in-possession 
financing, potential sales of Assets that retain equity value, and other transactions. 
V. 
Evidentiary Support for First Day Motions. 
43. 
Substantially contemporaneously with the filing of this Declaration, the DAMIS 
Debtors have filed a number of First Day Motions seeking various forms of administrative and 
operational relief that are urgently needed in order to minimize the adverse effects of the 
Chapter 11 Cases on the DAMIS Debtors’ ability to continue operating in the ordinary course 
of business.  I have reviewed each of the First Day Motions and, to the best of my knowledge, the 
assertions of fact contained therein are true and accurate.  Further, I believe that the relief sought 
therein is necessary and in the best interests of the DAMIS Debtors’ estates, as it will allow the 
DAMIS Debtors to limit operational disruption during the Chapter 11 Cases while they work 
toward a value-maximizing transaction.  The requests for immediate relief in the First Day Motions 
have been carefully tailored, especially in light of the circumstances of the Chapter 11 Cases, to 
such relief as is necessary to avoid immediate and irreparable harm to the DAMIS Debtors’ estates. 
Case 26-16439-CMG    Doc 157    Filed 06/24/26    Entered 06/24/26 16:53:44    Desc Main
Document      Page 22 of 23

=== page 23 ===
 
Pursuant to 28 U.S.C. § 1746, I declare under penalty of perjury under the laws of the 
United States of America that the foregoing statements are true and correct to the best of my 
knowledge, information, and belief. 
 
Dated: June 24, 2026 
 
 
/s/ Perry Mandarino__________________ 
Perry Mandarino 
 
Case 26-16439-CMG    Doc 157    Filed 06/24/26    Entered 06/24/26 16:53:44    Desc Main
Document      Page 23 of 23

