=== page 1 ===
Case 25-90090   Document 18   Filed in TXSB on 03/10/25   Page 1 of 47

IN THE UNITED STATES BANKRUPTCY COURT

FOR THE SOUTHERN DISTRICT OF TEXAS

HOUSTON DIVISION

§  
In re: 
§ Chapter 11 
 
§  
MLN US HOLDCO LLC., et al.,

1 
§ Case No. 25-90090 (CML) 
 
§  
 
 
 
Debtors. 
§ (Joint Administration Requested) 
 
§

DECLARATION OF JANINE YETTER 
IN SUPPORT OF CHAPTER 11 PETITIONS AND FIRST DAY MOTIONS

I, Janine Yetter, pursuant to section 1746 of title 28 of the United States Code, hereby

declare that the following is true to the best of my knowledge, information, and belief:

1. 
I am the Chief Financial Officer of the debtor Mitel (Delaware), Inc. and an officer

and/or director of many of the above-captioned debtors and debtors in possession (collectively, the

“Debtors” and, together with their non-Debtor affiliates, the “Company”).  On March 9 and 10,

2025 (the “Petition Date”), each of the Debtors commenced these chapter 11 cases for relief under

title 11 of the United States Code, 11 U.S.C. §§ 101 et seq. (the “Bankruptcy Code”) in the United

States Bankruptcy Court for the Southern District of Texas (the “Court”).

2. 
I joined the Company in July 2018 as the Vice President of Finance.  In

January 2023, I was appointed as the Chief Financial Officer.  In my current role, I am responsible

for all financial functions including Tax, Treasury, Revenue Operations, Controllership &

Accounting, Total Rewards, and Financial Planning & Analysis (FP&A).  I am a Certified

Management Accountant, hold a Bachelor of Business Administration from the University of

1  
A complete list of each of the Debtors in these chapter 11 cases may be obtained on the website of the Debtors’ 
proposed claims and noticing agent at https://cases.stretto.com/Mitel.  The Debtors’ service address for 
purposes of these chapter 11 cases is:  2160 W Broadway Road, Suite 103, Mesa, Arizona 85202.

=== page 2 ===
Case 25-90090   Document 18   Filed in TXSB on 03/10/25   Page 2 of 47

North Dakota, and have more than 30 years of experience in financial, technical, and operational

roles.

3. 
As Chief Financial Officer, I have independently reviewed, have become generally

familiar with, and have personal knowledge regarding the Debtors’ day-to-day operations,

business, financial affairs, books and records, and the circumstances leading up to these chapter 11

cases.  A list of the Debtors is attached as Exhibit A, and a chart reflecting the Company’s

corporate structure is attached as Exhibit B (the “Organizational Chart”).

4. 
I submit this declaration (this “Declaration”) in support of the Debtors’ voluntary

petitions (the “Petitions”) and the Debtors’ related requests for initial relief in the motions and

applications filed contemporaneously herewith (the “First Day Motions”), as well as to assist

the Court and parties in interest in understanding the circumstances that led the Debtors to

commence these chapter 11 cases.  To that end, this Declaration provides background information

about the Company’s corporate history, business operations, capital structure, and recent

challenges, and supports the Debtors’ Petitions and the relief requested in the First Day Motions.

5. 
Except as otherwise indicated, all facts set forth in this Declaration are based upon

my personal knowledge, my discussions with other members of the Debtors’ senior management

and personnel, my discussions with the Debtors’ non-legal advisors, my review of business records

maintained in the regular course of business and other relevant documents, or my opinion based

on my professional experience.  In making this Declaration, I have relied in part on information

and materials that the Debtors, my colleagues at the Debtors, and the Debtors’ non-legal advisors

have gathered, prepared, verified, and provided to me, in each case under my ultimate supervision,

at my direction, and for my benefit in preparing this Declaration.  Unless otherwise indicated, any

financial information contained in this Declaration is unaudited and subject to change, but is

2

=== page 3 ===
Case 25-90090   Document 18   Filed in TXSB on 03/10/25   Page 3 of 47

accurate to the best of my knowledge.  If called to testify, I could and would testify competently

as to the facts set forth herein.  I am authorized to submit this Declaration on behalf of the Debtors.

Introduction2

6. 
As a global provider of on-premise, cloud, and hybrid business telecommunication

solutions, the Company helps small, midsize, and larger enterprise customers flexibly and reliably

connect and collaborate.  Over the last several years, the Company has grown through various

strategic acquisitions and partnerships.  These initiatives were designed to broaden the depth of

the Company’s technical capabilities and offerings of software (including on-premise and cloud-

based software), hardware, and services provided globally to customers in a diverse range of

industries.

7. 
While the Company has secured its position as a leader in the unified

communications (UC) market, its success has not been achieved without challenges.  In 2018, the

Company was acquired by Searchlight Capital Partners L.P. (“Searchlight”).  Shortly after

Searchlight’s acquisition,  cloud-delivered unified communications as a service (“UCaaS”), which

are cloud-based services that integrate various communication tools such as voice calls, video

conferencing, instant messaging, and email into a single platform, proliferated in the market.

Therefore, the Company prioritized investments in its UCaaS offerings, but ultimately fell behind

other market competitors in driving innovation around video and chat-based collaboration.  The

COVID-19 pandemic drove an overnight shift from in-office to video-enabled remote work from

home, resulting in decreasing demand for the Company’s office-based traditional solutions and

increasing competition for UCaaS, which ultimately negatively impacted the Company’s revenue

streams and profits.  Following this shift, the Company was forced to realign its UCaaS strategy

2  
Capitalized terms used but not defined in this section have the meanings ascribed to them elsewhere in this 
Declaration, or the Plan, as applicable.

3

=== page 4 ===
Case 25-90090   Document 18   Filed in TXSB on 03/10/25   Page 4 of 47

and evaluate opportunities to innovate customer offerings, improve liquidity, and increase revenue.

With these objectives in mind, the Company entered the strategic partnership with RingCentral,

Inc. (“RingCentral”) in the fall of 2021.  Due to challenges that later emerged in the RingCentral

partnership (as discussed herein) and the lingering impact of the pandemic, including increased

supply chain costs for the Company’s device business, the Company consummated the 2022

Transaction to address short term operating capital constraints, pursuant to which the Company

issued the Senior Loans, as discussed in greater detail herein.

8. 
Following the pandemic, the market shifted away from UCaaS offerings, with a

greater emphasis on balancing remote work with a partial return to the office.  Due to increases in

cybersecurity threats and regulatory compliance requirements, customers in certain industries

wanted the optionality of “hybrid” communications solutions for greater control and protection

over their internal information technology, assets, and infrastructure.  Hybrid solutions are

communications solutions that enable organizations to deploy a tailored mix or combination of on-

premise as well as private and public cloud infrastructure.  In order to better capitalize on this

emerging hybrid market opportunity, extend its geographic footprint in Europe and the United

Kingdom, the Middle East, and Africa region (“EMEA”), and expand its enterprise focus, the

Company consummated the Unify Acquisition in 2023 (as discussed herein), which resulted in the

Company becoming the global leader in unified communications with more than 65 million active

seats installed across 146 countries, as well as becoming the enterprise leader for unified

communications in EMEA.

9. 
Notwithstanding implementation of these strategic initiatives, the Company has

continued to face liquidity constraints due to, among other things, the upfront cost of continued

optimization of business operations, shifting capital to support evolving market opportunities,

4

=== page 5 ===
Case 25-90090   Document 18   Filed in TXSB on 03/10/25   Page 5 of 47

servicing its debt payments, inflationary pressures, and a material increase in interest rates.  These

constraints have negatively impacted revenue generation and profitability.  Further, in March 2023,

certain of the lenders under the Junior Loans that did not participate in the 2022 Transaction

(the “Junior Lenders”) filed suit against certain Company entities and the lenders under the Junior

Loans that participated in the 2022 Transaction (the “Senior Lenders”) in the Supreme Court of

the State of New York (the “New York Supreme Court”), alleging, among other arguments, that

the 2022 Transaction violated their “sacred” rights under the Junior Credit Agreements (the “2022

Transaction Litigation”).  The Company entities, the Senior Lenders, and other defendants each

filed motions to dismiss the complaint, and in December 2023, the New York Supreme Court

granted the motions to dismiss a subset of the counts, but declined to dismiss certain other causes

of action.  The parties cross-appealed the ruling, which appeals were argued before a five-judge

panel of the New York Supreme Court’s Appellate Division, First Judicial Department (the “NYS

Appellate Division”), and on December 31, 2024, the NYS Appellate Division entered an order

directing the New York Supreme Court to dismiss all counts of the Junior Lenders’ complaint—

expressly finding that the 2022 Transaction complied with the terms of the Junior Credit

Agreements.  In January 2025, the Junior Lenders sought a discretionary appeal at the New York

State Court of Appeals (the “Court of Appeals”) and in February 2025, the Company and other

parties filed a joint opposition to the Junior Lenders’ motion for leave to appeal to the Court of

Appeals.  Following entry into the RSA, and the parties’ agreements and resolutions embodied

therein, parties to the 2022 Transaction Litigation will, by March 10, 2025, jointly inform the Court

of Appeals that the parties to the 2022 Transaction Litigation have reached a consensual settlement

5

=== page 6 ===
Case 25-90090   Document 18   Filed in TXSB on 03/10/25   Page 6 of 47

on the outstanding issues in the 2022 Transaction Litigation, and request that the Court of Appeals

refrain from issuing a ruling concerning any appeal.

10. 
In early 2024, the Company retained advisors to explore various strategic

alternatives and potential liquidity-enhancing transactions.  In connection with the assessment of

these opportunities, the boards of directors of Debtors MLN TopCo Ltd. (“TopCo”) and Mitel

Networks (International) Limited (“MNIL” and the boards of directors collectively, the “Board”)

each appointed an independent director, Mr. Julian Nemirovsky, and established a special

committee of the Board  (collectively, the “Special Committee”).  In October 2024, Mr. Andrew

C. Kidd was added as an additional independent director to the Board and was also appointed as

an additional member of the Special Committee.  The Board delegated to the Special Committee

the authority to evaluate strategic transactions and any potential conflict transactions.  Under the

direction of the Special Committee, during the second and third quarters of 2024, the Company

explored, and ultimately consummated, the following three strategic initiatives to bolster liquidity,

maximize value for stakeholders, and best position the Company in a competitive industry:

(a) entry into a $17 million asset-based lending facility (the “ABL Facility Transaction”) in May

2024; (b) renegotiation of the Company’s RingCentral partnership through the sale of the

Company’s UCaaS business to RingCentral in June 2024, which allowed the Company to exit the

existing partnership that was continuing to provide diminishing revenues (the “2024 RingCentral

Transaction”); and (c) entry into a new strategic partnership with Zoom Communications, Inc.

(“Zoom” and the underlying transaction, the “Zoom Transaction”) in September 2024.

11. 
As discussed in more detail herein, each of the ABL Facility Transaction, the 2024

RingCentral Transaction, and the Zoom Transaction was value accretive—enabling the Company

to service its debt in the near term and best position the Company’s business for the future by

6

=== page 7 ===
Case 25-90090   Document 18   Filed in TXSB on 03/10/25   Page 7 of 47

expanding its market reach in telecommunications, specifically in the hybrid communications

segment.  Notwithstanding these initiatives, by November 2024, the Company determined that it

would not be able to pursue a refinancing of its existing funded indebtedness and would not be

able to service its existing interest expense beyond the first quarter of 2025.  Accordingly, under

the direction of the Special Committee, the Company began assessing and evaluating the

Company’s options to pursue a meaningful deleveraging transaction that would right-size the

Company’s balance sheet, materially reduce annual cash interest expense, and provide the

Company with the necessary liquidity to execute on its go-forward business plan.  In late

November 2024, the Company initiated engagement with its key stakeholders—including an ad

hoc group of  Senior Lenders (the “Ad Hoc Group”) and the Ad Hoc Group Advisors (as defined

in the Plan)3 in an effort to achieve a consensual, long-term solution to the Company’s outstanding

debt obligations.

12. 
As the Company advanced discussions with the Ad Hoc Group, the Special

Committee determined that it was imperative to preserve the Company’s liquidity to provide it

with the necessary runway to work toward a consensual, value-maximizing restructuring

transaction.  As a result, the Special Committee determined, in consultation with the Company’s

advisors, that it was not in the best interest of the Company’s stakeholders to make scheduled

interest payments due under the Junior Credit Agreements in December 2024.  This payment

default under the Junior Credit Agreements triggered a cross-default under the Senior Credit

Agreements.  Accordingly, on December 19, 2024, the Company entered into a forbearance

agreement (the “Forbearance Agreement”) with members of the Ad Hoc Group constituting the

“Required Lenders” under the Senior Credit Agreements.  Pursuant to the Forbearance Agreement,

3  
The Ad Hoc Group Advisors include (i) Davis Polk & Wardell LLP and (ii) Perella Weinberg Partners LP.

7

=== page 8 ===
Case 25-90090   Document 18   Filed in TXSB on 03/10/25   Page 8 of 47

the Required Lenders agreed to forbear from taking enforcement actions with respect to certain

Events of Default under the Junior Credit Agreements and the Senior Credit Agreements, and

provided the parties with an opportunity to engage in earnest around a restructuring transaction

through February 28, 2025.  The Forbearance Agreement was subsequently extended through and

including March 10, 2025, with the consent of the Required Lenders. During this time, the

Company also sought to engage in discussions with the Junior Lenders in an effort to develop a

broadly supported and comprehensive restructuring transaction and reached such an agreement

prior to the Petition Date, as reflected herein.

13. 
Through several weeks of extensive, arm’s-length negotiations by and among the

Company, Searchlight (in its capacity as sponsor to the Company and party to the RSA (as defined

below)), the Ad Hoc Group, the Junior Lenders, and certain other Consenting Lenders (as defined

in the RSA), the parties reached an agreement-in-principle on the material terms of a

comprehensive restructuring transaction pursuant to a prepackaged chapter 11 plan

(the “Restructuring Transactions”).  The terms of the Restructuring Transactions are memorialized

in the Restructuring Support Agreement, dated as of March 9, 2025 (the “RSA”), attached hereto

as Exhibit C.  The Company has broad support from its stakeholders to implement these

Restructuring Transactions.  As of the date hereof, holders of 100% of the ABL Loan Claims,

72.1% of the Priority Lien Claims, and over 81.1% of the Non-Priority Lien Term Loan Deficiency

Claims have signed the RSA.

14. 
Indeed, the Company, the Ad Hoc Group, and Searchlight, together with their

respective advisors, conducted months of diligence and invested substantial time and effort

considering various alternatives to drive consensus regarding the best path to address the

Company’s capital structure and liquidity constraints.  The Company believes that consummation

8

=== page 9 ===
Case 25-90090   Document 18   Filed in TXSB on 03/10/25   Page 9 of 47

of the Restructuring Transactions represents the best path forward for the Company to maximize

the value of its business for the benefit of all its stakeholders, and deleverage the Company’s

balance sheet by approximately $1.15 billion and reduce annual cash interest expense by

approximately $135 million.

15. 
In connection with the RSA, and as set forth in more detail herein, certain members

of the Ad Hoc Group and certain other holders of Priority Lien Loans have committed to provide

post-petition debtor-in-possession financing to enable the Debtors to fund the chapter 11 process

and continue their operations, including to fund wages, salaries, and benefits to the Debtors’

employees, procure necessary goods and services, maintain trade terms with the Debtors’ vendors,

finance the cost of these chapter 11 cases, and meet other working capital needs of the Debtors

(the “DIP Financing”).  Additionally, as set forth in more detail herein, the Debtors expect to

significantly deleverage their balance sheet by approximately $1.15 billion, and gain access to new

capital to fund their go-forward, post-emergence operations through a committed exit term loan

facility that will provide $64.5 million of new money (the “Exit Facility”).

16. 
I believe that the DIP Financing will benefit all stakeholders in these chapter 11

cases by providing the Debtors with the necessary liquidity to fund operations and by

demonstrating to the Debtors’ employees, vendors, and customers that the Debtors are entering

chapter 11 on strong financial footing and will continue operating without interruption in the

ordinary course.

17. 
In conjunction with the commencement of these chapter 11 cases, the only

Canadian Debtor, Mitel Networks Corporation (“MNC”), as the proposed “foreign representative”

of this proceeding, is simultaneously seeking ancillary relief on behalf of its estate in the Ontario

Superior Court of Justice (Commercial List) in Toronto, Ontario, Canada (the “Canadian Court”)

9

=== page 10 ===
Case 25-90090   Document 18   Filed in TXSB on 03/10/25   Page 10 of 47

pursuant to Part IV of the Companies’ Creditors Arrangement Act (“CCAA,” and that proceeding,

the “CCAA Proceeding”).  The principal purpose of the CCAA Proceeding is to request that the

Canadian Court recognize MNC’s chapter 11 case as a “foreign main proceeding” under Part IV

of the CCAA to, among other things, protect MNC’s assets and operations in Canada.  The CCAA

Proceeding is particularly necessary to protect and preserve the value of the enterprise, as, although

the United States are the center of main interests for MNC, the Company’s Canadian operations,

which are run through MNC, are key revenue generators for the Company and an essential part of

any reorganized business.

18. 
To familiarize the Court with the Company, its business, the circumstances leading

to these chapter 11 cases, and the relief the Debtors are seeking pursuant to the First Day Motions,

I have organized the rest of this Declaration as follows:

• Part I provides a general overview of the Company’s corporate history; 
 
• Part II provides a general overview of the Company’s business operations; 
 
• Part III provides an overview of the Company’s prepetition capital structure; 
 
• Part IV describes the events leading to the filing of these chapter 11 cases;

• Part V describes the Company’s prepetition efforts to enhance liquidity, pursue several 
value maximizing transactions, and engage with stakeholders; and  
 
• Part VI summarizes the terms of the proposed Restructuring Transactions, the objectives 
of these chapter 11 cases, and the relief requested in the First Day Motions. 
 
I. 
Corporate History

19. 
The Company is an award-winning global provider of on-premise, cloud, and

hybrid business communications and collaboration solutions.  Through its various subsidiaries and

affiliates, the Company sells (a) telecommunication hardware products, such as phones, handsets,

and accessories, (b) software, and (c) corresponding subscription and professional support services

10

=== page 11 ===
Case 25-90090   Document 18   Filed in TXSB on 03/10/25   Page 11 of 47

that allow small, midsize, and larger enterprises to communicate more efficiently and flexibly.

Since its founding in 1973, the Company has continued to evolve to meet the demands of the

telecommunications industry, from pioneering the virtualization of the on-premise private branch

exchange (a private telephone network used within a company to handle inbound and outbound

calls) to becoming a leading provider of unified communications through which the Company

helps more than 65 million end users in 146 countries to connect, collaborate, and communicate.

To further expand its business, in April 2010, the Company launched an initial public offering.

The Company’s stock was listed on the Nasdaq with the symbol MITL (and, since June 2012, on

the Toronto Stock Exchange with the symbol MNW) until the Company was acquired by

Searchlight in 2018.  Today, the Company’s operations are primarily conducted by the United

States, German, United Kingdom, and Canadian subsidiaries of TopCo, the ultimate parent and

Cayman Islands-incorporated holding company.

A. 
Searchlight’s Acquisition of the Company

20. 
In April 2018, Searchlight entered into definitive documentation to acquire all of

the outstanding common shares of MNC in a leveraged buyout for approximately $2 billion

through MLN AcquisitionCo ULC (“MLN”), a British Columbia unlimited liability company

formed by certain funds managed and/or advised by Searchlight (the “Searchlight Acquisition”).

In November 2018, in order to consummate the Searchlight Acquisition, repay in full the

Company’s then-existing credit facility, and pay related transaction fees and expenses, Debtor

MLN US HoldCo LLC and certain of its Debtor affiliates entered into:  (a) Legacy Senior Term

Loans (as defined below) in the aggregate principal amount of $1.12 billion; and (b) Legacy Junior

Term Loans (as defined below) in the aggregate principal amount of $260 million.  In addition,

under the Legacy Senior Credit Agreement (as defined below), the Company entered into a $100

million revolving credit facility, which commitment was reduced to $90 million through an

11

=== page 12 ===
Case 25-90090   Document 18   Filed in TXSB on 03/10/25   Page 12 of 47

amendment of the Legacy Senior Credit Agreement in October 2020 (the “Revolving Credit

Facility”).

21. 
Pursuant to the terms of the Searchlight Acquisition, MLN acquired all of the shares

of MNC in an all-cash transaction.  MNC and MLN amalgamated under Canadian law to form a

new combined entity, Mitel Networks ULC (“New Mitel”), a British Columbia entity, which was

eventually renamed “Mitel Networks Corporation.”  The shares of MNC’s United States

subsidiaries were transferred from New Mitel to MLN US HoldCo LLC, a Delaware limited

liability company, as reflected in the Organizational Chart.  As a result of the Searchlight

Acquisition and the related transactions, MNC became a direct, wholly-owned subsidiary of

MNIL.

B. 
The Company’s Current Organizational Structure

22. 
As reflected in the Organizational Chart attached as Exhibit B, TopCo owns 100%

of the equity interests in its immediate subsidiary, MNIL, a private limited company incorporated

under the laws of England and Wales.  Each of the Debtors is owned 100% by its direct parent and

directly or indirectly owned 100% by TopCo.  TopCo is owned 99.89% by funds managed by

Searchlight.4  All of the Debtors are board-managed entities, other than MLN US HoldCo LLC.

Debtor MLN US TopCo, Inc. is the sole member of MLN US HoldCo LLC.

II. 
Business Operations

23. 
The Company maintains operations across 146 countries in three primary markets:

(a) the Americas, which includes the United States, Canada, the Caribbean, and Latin America;

(b) EMEA; and (c) the continent of Asia and the Pacific region, including Australia and New

Zealand.  As a result of its strategic partnerships and acquisitions, the Company is one of the largest

4  
The remaining 0.11% is owned by an individual former employee of the Company.

12

=== page 13 ===
Case 25-90090   Document 18   Filed in TXSB on 03/10/25   Page 13 of 47

global unified communications providers, and serves customers in a variety of industries, including

media, hospitality, education, financial services, healthcare, retail, government, and legal services,

among others.

24. 
With a global geographic footprint and diverse customer base with a variety of

needs, the Company maintains a broad communications products and services portfolio that offers

businesses a range of premise-based, private and public cloud hardware and software solutions,

and hybrid solutions with an integrated combination or mix of one or more of the foregoing.  The

Company’s business operations are facilitated through its employee resources and extensive third-

party partner network and are divided into three categories:  (a) “unified communications” or “UC”

products that deliver integrated voice, video, mobility, and other services in one interface, and the

accompanying 
subscription 
services 
(the 
“Software 
and 
Subscription 
Products”);

(b) comprehensive consultation and professional services (the “Professional and Support

Services”); and (c) physical phones and accessories (the “Hardware Products”).  Software and

Subscription Products accounted for approximately 43% of the Company’s revenue in fiscal year

2024.

A. 
Software and Subscription Products

25. 
The Company’s Software and Subscription Products include “unified

communications” and contact center software solutions, which are offered on-premise, in the

cloud, or as a hybrid solution for customers.  “Unified communications and collaboration”

technology or “UCC” combines collaboration tools into a single interface to organize the flow of

communication across different endpoints, devices, and applications.  The Company sells a variety

of customizable products to assist customers with streamlining internal and external engagement,

communications, and transactions, including: (a) virtual business phone systems that deliver voice,

13

=== page 14 ===
Case 25-90090   Document 18   Filed in TXSB on 03/10/25   Page 14 of 47

messaging, conferencing, and collaboration capabilities in a cost-effective manner; (b) all-in-one

collaboration and meeting platforms; and (c) contact center products.

26. 
The Company recognizes that collaboration and integration of different

communication systems can enhance business productivity and promote efficiency.  For example,

the Company offers several collaboration platforms, such as MiCollab, which combines voice,

video, and instant messaging solutions on one interface.  Customers can also leverage their existing

third-party applications for messaging and collaboration, such as Zoom, Microsoft Outlook, and

Microsoft Teams, by integrating these applications into the Company’s collaboration platform

products.  The Company has also integrated artificial intelligence capabilities into its Software and

Subscription Products.  For example, Zoom Workplace, an all-in-one application that became

available to customers as part of the Company’s new Zoom partnership (as discussed further

below), includes the “AI Companion,” which has capabilities to summarize meetings, emails, and

chat threads, and compose chats and email drafts, among other things.  Further, the Company’s

contact center product options optimize customers’ internal communications with employees as

well as their engagement with external users.  For example, Mitel Workforce Optimization

solutions improve internal employee performance and relationships through a variety of tools, such

as tools enabling employees to check work schedules, make shift trades, or request vacation, and

assisting supervisors to create schedules.   Another product, MiContact Center Business, is a

consolidated interactive hub that helps the Company’s customers manage all aspects of external

user inquiries.

27. 
Moreover, the Company also offers after-sale subscription-based software support

programs for covered products, which provide knowledge support services and implement ongoing

technical upgrades to maintain operational excellence.  Depending on the subscription level,

14

=== page 15 ===
Case 25-90090   Document 18   Filed in TXSB on 03/10/25   Page 15 of 47

customers can have access to 24/7 software upgrade support and on-site and remote service

responses.  In total, Software and Subscription Products generated approximately $426 million in

revenue for the Company in fiscal year 2024.

B. 
Professional and Support Services

28. 
In addition to its Software and Subscription Products, the Company also offers end-

to-end solution management, after-sale maintenance and support services for products, and

professional consultation services through its global services organization and extensive partner

network to help customers maximize their investment in the Company.  Professional consultation

services include, but are not limited to:  (a) assessment services regarding the integration,

application customization, migration, and implementation of the Company’s products to meet

customer business requirements; (b) application integration to adapt the Company’s products and

solutions to the customer’s business applications to improve user experience and productivity;

(c) migration and implementation services to address the customer’s core needs for successful

solution deployment, which includes technical design, rollout support, integration and acceptance

testing; (d) training to help guide customers on how to use the Company’s products; and

(e) transition and connectivity services that focus on the transition of service delivery into a

managed services model.  In total, Professional and Support Services generated approximately

$276 million in revenue for the Company in fiscal year 2024 and accounted for approximately

28% of the Company’s overall revenue in fiscal year 2024.

C. 
Hardware Products

29. 
The Company’s Hardware Product offerings support both on-premise and cloud-

based software and can be tailored to customers’ specific working style.  Hardware Products

primarily consist of telephone products, which include WiFi and Bluetooth-enabled desk phones,

wireless phones, conferencing equipment, consoles, endpoints, and headsets.  In total, Hardware

15

=== page 16 ===
Case 25-90090   Document 18   Filed in TXSB on 03/10/25   Page 16 of 47

Products generated approximately $205 million in revenue for the Company in fiscal year 2024

and accounted for approximately 20% of the Company’s overall revenue in fiscal year 2024.

D. 
Partner Program

30. 
The Company has a presence in over 146 countries with a sales model that

recognizes revenue through both direct sales by the Company and indirect sales by more than

6,000 third-party channel and distributor partners (the “Partners”).  Through its Partners,

the Company maintains customer loyalty, increases sale opportunities and customer satisfaction,

drives revenue generation, and remains competitive within the telecommunications market.

Partners are also critical to the Company’s global reach and success.  Indeed, the Company

generates 88% of sales globally indirectly through this broad-based network of Partners.   More

specifically, products are sold by:  (a) the Company directly to its end users; (b) channel partners,

who purchase products from the Company and subsequently sell products and/or services to end-

user customers; and (c) distributor partners, who purchase products from the Company and

subsequently sell products and/or services to channel partners, who then resell to end users.

E. 
The Debtors’ Employees

31. 
As of the Petition Date, the Debtors collectively employ approximately 760

individuals (collectively, the “Employees”), including approximately 757 full-time Employees and

approximately three part-time Employees.  The vast majority of these Employees sit in the United

States or Canada and are employed by Debtors Mitel Networks, Inc., Mitel (Delaware), Inc., or

MNC.  A smaller number of Employees are employed by other Debtor entities, including five

individuals employed by Debtor Mitel Europe Limited who sit in the United Kingdom.  The

Debtors also retain both independent contractors (collectively, the “Independent Contractors”) and

temporary workers, who are either sourced from a staffing agency or are employed directly by the

Debtors, to fulfill duties in the ordinary course of business on a short or long-term basis

16

=== page 17 ===
Case 25-90090   Document 18   Filed in TXSB on 03/10/25   Page 17 of 47

(such temporary workers, collectively, the “Temporary Staff” and the Temporary Staff together

with the Independent Contractors, the “Contingent Staff”).  As of the Petition Date, the Debtors

engage approximately 57 Independent Contractors and approximately 162 Temporary Staff.

32. 
The Employees and the Contingent Staff perform a wide range of functions critical

to the Debtors’ operations and the administration of these chapter 11 cases.  In many instances,

the Employees and the Contingent Staff include personnel who are intimately familiar with

the Debtors’ businesses, processes, and systems, possess unique skills and experience, and/or have

developed relationships that are essential to the Debtors’ businesses.

III. 
Prepetition Capital Structure

A. 
Funded Indebtedness

33. 
As of the Petition Date, the aggregate outstanding principal amount of the Debtors’

funded indebtedness is approximately $1.31 billion.  The following table summarizes the funded

debt obligations as of the Petition Date (which reflects the 2022 Transaction):

Description 
Secured Funded Debt  
Maturity 
Appx. Principal Amount 
Outstanding (as of March

2025)

ABL Loans 
Swiss ABL Loans 
May 2027 
$3 million

Non-Swiss ABL Loans 
May 2027 
$14 million

Priority Lien Term Loans 
October 2027 
$156 million

Senior 
Loans

Incremental Revolving Loans 
November 2025 
$65 million

Second Lien Term Loans 
October 2027 
$576 million

Third Lien Term Loans 
October 2027 
$125 million

Third Lien Additional

October 2027 
$32 million

Facility

Legacy Senior Term Loans 
November 2025 
$235 million

17

=== page 18 ===
Case 25-90090   Document 18   Filed in TXSB on 03/10/25   Page 18 of 47

Description 
Secured Funded Debt  
Maturity 
Appx. Principal Amount 
Outstanding (as of March

2025)

Legacy Junior Term Loans 
November 2026 
$108 million

Junior 
Loans

Total Secured Funded

$1.31 billion

Debt

1. 
ABL Loans

34. 
On May 30, 2024, the Debtors and certain non-Debtor affiliates entered into two

single-draw asset-based term loan lending facilities in an aggregate principal amount of

$17 million.

35. 
Swiss ABL Loan Credit Agreement.  Non-Debtor Mitel Schweiz AG as borrower,

TopCo, MNIL, MLN US TopCo Inc. (“U.S. Holdings”), U.S. PCI Services, LLC as

Administrative Agent and Collateral Agent (“PCI”), and certain guarantors and lenders are parties

to that certain Term Loan Credit Agreement, dated as of May 30, 2024 (as may be further amended,

restated, supplemented, waived, or otherwise modified from time to time, the “Swiss ABL Loan

Credit Agreement”).  Pursuant to the Swiss ABL Loan Credit Agreement, lenders provided the

Company with asset-based term loans in the aggregate principal amount of $2.75 million

(the “Swiss ABL Loans”).

36. 
As of the date hereof, approximately $3 million of Swiss ABL Loans remains

outstanding, plus all accrued and unpaid interest, fees, costs, expenses, charges, indemnities, and

all other unpaid obligations.

37. 
Non-Swiss ABL Loan Credit Agreement.  MLN US HoldCo LLC, as Borrower (the

“Borrower”), TopCo, MNIL, U.S. Holdings, PCI, as administrative and collateral agent, and

certain guarantors and lenders are parties to that certain Term Loan Credit Agreement, dated as of

18

=== page 19 ===
Case 25-90090   Document 18   Filed in TXSB on 03/10/25   Page 19 of 47

May 30, 2024 (as may be further amended, restated, supplemented, waived, or otherwise modified

from time to time, the “Non-Swiss ABL Loan Credit Agreement” and together with the Swiss

ABL Loan Credit Agreement, and all ancillary documentation, the “ABL Credit Documents”).

Pursuant to the Non-Swiss ABL Loan Credit Agreement, lenders provided the Company with

asset-based term loans in the aggregate principal amount of $14.25 million (the “Non-Swiss ABL

Loans” and, together with the Swiss ABL Loans, the “ABL  Loans”).  As of the date hereof,

approximately $14 million of Non-Swiss ABL Loans remains outstanding, plus all accrued and

unpaid interest, fees, costs, expenses, charges, indemnities, and all other unpaid obligations.

38. 
The ABL Loans are secured by a separate collateral package from the Senior Loans

and Junior Loans.  The obligations under the ABL Credit Documents are guaranteed by TopCo,

MNIL, MNC, all United States subsidiaries (except Mitel Cloud Service of Virginia, Inc.), all

German subsidiaries, all United Kingdom subsidiaries (except Inter-Tel Europe Limited and Mitel

Networks Pension Trustee Company Limited), and Mitel Schweiz AG (collectively,

the “Guarantors”).

2. 
Senior Loans

39. 
As part of the 2022 Transaction, (a) the Company issued $156 million in new

money Priority Lien Term Loans, and (b) the Company purchased certain of the Junior Loans in

exchange for $701 million of Second Lien Term Loans and Third Lien Term Loans.  Specifically,

the Company purchased certain Legacy Senior Term Loans in exchange for Second Lien Term

Loans, certain Legacy Junior Term Loans in exchange for Third Lien Term Loans, and, in March

2023, the Company purchased certain Legacy Senior Term Loans in exchange for the Third Lien

Additional Facility.  As a result, the Senior Loans are senior in priority to the Junior Loans.

40. 
Following the 2022 Transaction, the Senior Loan Facilities are comprised of three

separate credit facilities in the following order of priority: (a) the Priority Lien Term Loans and

19

=== page 20 ===
Case 25-90090   Document 18   Filed in TXSB on 03/10/25   Page 20 of 47

the Incremental Revolving Loans; (b) the Second Lien Term Loans; and (c) the Third Lien Term

Loans and the Third Lien Additional Facility (as such terms are defined herein).

41. 
Further, as part of the 2022 Transaction, the Senior Lenders holding Senior Loans

obtained security interests on additional Company collateral, including the assets of certain

subsidiaries in the United Kingdom and Germany.  The obligations under the Senior Loan

Facilities are guaranteed by the Guarantors, excluding Mitel Schweiz AG.5  The Senior Loan

Facilities are described in greater detail below.

42. 
Priority Lien Credit Agreement.  Borrower, TopCo, MNIL, U.S. Holdings,

Wilmington Savings Fund Society, FSB, as successor collateral and administrative agent

(the “Senior Collateral Agent”), and certain guarantors and lenders are parties to that certain

Priority Lien Credit Agreement, dated as of October 18, 2022 (as amended pursuant to that certain

Amendment No. 1 dated as of November 18, 2022, and as may be further amended, restated,

supplemented, or otherwise modified from time to time, the “Priority Lien Credit Agreement”).

Pursuant to the Priority Lien Credit Agreement, lenders provided the Company with term loans in

the aggregate principal amount of $156 million (the “Priority Lien Term Loans”).  As of the date

hereof, approximately $156 million of Priority Lien Term Loans remains outstanding, plus all

accrued and unpaid interest, fees, costs, expenses, charges, indemnities, and all other unpaid

obligations.

43. 
Incremental Revolving Loans.  The Priority Lien Credit Agreement provides that

the Borrower may request that the lender parties thereto provide additional incremental term loan

5  
Certain of the Guarantors located in Germany and the United Kingdom are non-Debtor entities.  Pursuant to the 
RSA, the Senior Lenders agree not to pursue remedies against the foreign non-Debtor Guarantors as long as the 
RSA is in effect. Through the Restructuring Transactions, the existing liens on the collateral securing the 
Prepetition Term Loans will be released and extinguished. The obligations under the Exit Facility will encumber 
these non-Debtor entities’ assets upon emergence.

20

=== page 21 ===
Case 25-90090   Document 18   Filed in TXSB on 03/10/25   Page 21 of 47

or revolving commitments.  On November 18, 2022, Borrower, TopCo, MNIL, U.S. Holdings, the

Senior Collateral Agent, and certain lenders executed that certain Incremental Assumption

Agreement (as may be further amended, restated, supplemented, or otherwise modified from time

to time, the “Priority Incremental Assumption Agreement”).  Pursuant to the Priority Incremental

Assumption Agreement, the commitments of the pre-existing Revolving Credit Facility were

reduced from $90 million to $65 million (the “Incremental Revolving Loans”).  As of the date

hereof, approximately $65 million of the Incremental Revolving Loans (including letters of credit

issued thereunder) remains outstanding, plus all accrued and unpaid interest, fees, costs, expenses,

charges, indemnities, and all other unpaid obligations.

44. 
Second Lien Term Loans.  Borrower, TopCo, MNIL, U.S. Holdings, the Senior

Collateral Agent, and certain guarantors and lenders are parties to that certain Second Lien Credit

Agreement, dated as of October 18, 2022 (as amended pursuant to that certain Amendment No. 1

dated as of November 18, 2022, and as may be further amended, restated, supplemented, or

otherwise modified from time to time, the “Second Lien Credit Agreement”).  Pursuant to the

Second Lien Credit Agreement, lenders provided the Company with term loans in the aggregate

principal amount of $576 million (the “Second Lien Term Loans”).  As of the date hereof,

approximately $576 million of Second Lien Term Loans remains outstanding, plus all accrued and

unpaid interest, fees, costs, expenses, charges, indemnities, and all other unpaid obligations.

45. 
Third Lien Term Loans.  Borrower, TopCo, MNIL, U.S. Holdings, the Senior

Collateral Agent, and certain guarantors and lenders are parties to that certain Third Lien Credit

Agreement, dated as of October 18, 2022 (as amended pursuant to that certain Amendment No. 1

dated as of November 18, 2022, and as may be further amended, restated, supplemented, or

otherwise modified from time to time, the “Third Lien Credit Agreement”).  Pursuant to the Third

21

=== page 22 ===
Case 25-90090   Document 18   Filed in TXSB on 03/10/25   Page 22 of 47

Lien Credit Agreement, lenders provided the Company with term loans in the aggregate principal

amount of $125 million (the “Third Lien Term Loans”).

46. 
Third Lien Additional Facility.  In addition, under the Third Lien Credit Agreement,

the Borrower may by written notice to the Senior Collateral Agent request additional incremental

loans up to $80 million.  On March 9, 2023, Borrower, TopCo, MNIL, U.S. Holdings, the Senior

Collateral Agent, and certain lenders executed that certain Incremental Assumption Agreement (as

may be further amended, restated, supplemented, or otherwise modified from time to time, the

“Third Lien Incremental Assumption Agreement” and together with the Priority Lien Credit

Agreement, the Priority Incremental Assumption Agreement, the Second Lien Credit Agreement,

the Third Lien Credit Agreement, and all ancillary documentation, the “Senior Credit

Agreements”).  Under the Third Lien Incremental Assumption Agreement, lenders provided the

Company with term loans in the aggregate principal amount of $32 million (the “Third Lien

Additional Facility” and together with the Priority Lien Term Loans, the Incremental Revolving

Loans, the Second Lien Term Loans, and the Third Lien Term Loans, the “Senior Loans” and the

facilities thereunder, the “Senior Loan Facilities”).

47. 
As of the date hereof, approximately $157 million of Third Lien Term Loans

remains outstanding, including amounts under the Third Lien Additional Facility, plus all accrued

and unpaid interest, fees, costs, expenses, charges, indemnities, and all other unpaid obligations.

3. 
Junior Loans

48. 
Legacy Senior Credit Agreement.  Borrower, TopCo, MNIL, U.S. Holdings,

Ankura Trust Company, LLC as successor collateral and administrative agent (the “Junior

Collateral Agent” and together with the Senior Collateral Agent, the “Collateral Agents”) certain

guarantors and lenders are parties to that certain First Lien Credit Agreement, dated as of

November 30, 2018 (as amended pursuant to that certain Amendment No. 1 dated as of October

22

=== page 23 ===
Case 25-90090   Document 18   Filed in TXSB on 03/10/25   Page 23 of 47

18, 2022, Amendment No. 2 dated as of October 18, 2022, and Amendment No. 3 dated as of

October 18, 2022, and as may be further amended, restated, supplemented, or otherwise modified

from time to time, the “Legacy Senior Credit Agreement”).  Pursuant to the Legacy Senior Credit

Agreement, lenders provided the Company with term loans in the aggregate principal amount of

$235 million (the “Legacy Senior Term Loans”).  As of the date hereof, approximately $235

million of Legacy Senior Term Loans remains outstanding, plus all accrued and unpaid interest,

fees, costs, expenses, charges, indemnities, and all other unpaid obligations.

49. 
Legacy Junior Credit Agreement.  Borrower, TopCo, MNIL, U.S. Holdings, the

Legacy Collateral Agent, and certain guarantors and lenders are parties to that certain Second Lien

Credit Agreement, dated as of November 30, 2018 (as amended pursuant to that certain

Amendment No. 1 dated as of October 22, 2022 and Amendment No. 2 dated as of October 18,

2022, and as may be further amended, restated, supplemented, waived, or otherwise modified from

time to time, the “Legacy Junior Credit Agreement” and together with the Legacy Senior Credit

Agreement and all ancillary documentation, the “Junior Credit Agreements” and collectively with

the ABL Credit Documents and the Senior Credit Agreements, the “Credit Documents”).  Pursuant

to the Legacy Senior Credit Agreement, lenders provided the Company with term loans in the

aggregate principal amount of $108 million (the “Legacy Junior Term Loans” and together with

the Legacy Senior Term Loans, the “Junior Loans” and together with the Senior Loans, the

“Prepetition Term Loans”).  As of the date hereof, approximately $108 million of Legacy Junior

Term Loans remains outstanding, plus all accrued and unpaid interest, fees, costs, expenses,

charges, indemnities, and all other unpaid obligations.

50. 
The Junior Loans are secured by assets of the Debtors in the United States and

Canada, as well as the assets of Debtors TopCo and MNIL.  The obligations under the Junior Loans

23

=== page 24 ===
Case 25-90090   Document 18   Filed in TXSB on 03/10/25   Page 24 of 47

are guaranteed by the Guarantors, excluding Unify Inc., the United Kingdom subsidiaries, the

German subsidiaries, and Mitel Schweiz AG.

B. 
Omnibus Intercreditor Agreement

51. 
The Collateral Agents, TopCo, MNIL, U.S. Holdings, Borrower, and Debtor and

non-Debtor entities party thereto, entered into that certain Omnibus Intercreditor Agreement, dated

as of October 18, 2022 (as may be further amended, restated, supplemented, waived, or otherwise

modified from time to time, the “Omnibus Intercreditor Agreement”).  The Omnibus Intercreditor

Agreement governs, among other things, the rights, interests, obligations, priority, and positions

of the liens and claims to the “Common Collateral” (as defined in the Omnibus Intercreditor

Agreement) under the Senior Loans and the Junior Loans.6  I understand that the Omnibus

Intercreditor Agreement sets forth the agreements between the Collateral Agents with respect to

the priority of liens on, and security interests in, the Common Collateral, and the respective rights

and remedies of the various lenders, among other things.

52. 
Pursuant to the Omnibus Intercreditor Agreement, the parties thereto agreed that

(a) any lien on the Common Collateral securing obligations under the Priority Lien Credit

Agreement and Priority Incremental Assumption Agreement is senior to the liens securing the

Second Lien Credit Agreement, Third Lien Credit Agreement and Third Lien Incremental

Assumption Agreement, Legacy Senior Credit Agreement, and Legacy Junior Credit Agreement

(in such order); (b) any lien on the Common Collateral securing the Second Lien Credit Agreement

is subordinate to the liens securing the Priority Lien Credit Agreement and Priority Incremental

Assumption Agreement and senior to the liens securing the Third Lien Credit Agreement, Third

Lien Incremental Assumption Agreement, Legacy Senior Credit Agreement, and Legacy Junior

6  
The ABL Loans are not subject to the Omnibus Intercreditor Agreement.

24

=== page 25 ===
Case 25-90090   Document 18   Filed in TXSB on 03/10/25   Page 25 of 47

Credit Agreement (in such order); (c) any lien on the Common Collateral securing the obligations

under the Third Lien Credit Agreement and Third Lien Incremental Assumption Agreement is

subordinate to the liens securing the Priority Lien Credit Agreement, Priority Incremental

Assumption Agreement, and Second Lien Credit Agreement, and senior to the liens securing the

Legacy Senior Credit Agreement and Legacy Junior Credit Agreement (in such order); (d) any lien

on the Common Collateral securing the obligations under the Legacy Senior Credit Agreement is

subordinate to the liens securing the Priority Lien Credit Agreement, Priority Incremental

Assumption Agreement, Second Lien Credit Agreement, Third Lien Credit Agreement, and Third

Lien Incremental Assumption Agreement; and (e) any lien on the Common Collateral securing the

obligations under the Legacy Junior Credit Agreement is subordinate to the liens securing the

Priority Lien Credit Agreement, Priority Incremental Assumption Agreement, Second Lien Credit

Agreement, Third Lien Credit Agreement, Third Lien Incremental Assumption Agreement, and

Legacy Senior Credit Agreement.

IV. 
Events Leading to the Filing of These Chapter 11 Cases

A. 
Impact of COVID-19 Pandemic, Market Pressures, and Operational 
Challenges

53. 
Over the last several years leading up to the Petition Date, the Company

experienced a confluence of industry and other external headwinds that created unanticipated costs

and adversely impacted the Company’s operations and liquidity.  Businesses shifted to remote

work during the COVID-19 pandemic, accelerating the proliferation of team chat and video

collaboration platforms in the market, but reducing the need for certain of the Company’s

communications products and services that were primarily developed for an in-office environment.

Following the COVID-19 pandemic, customers in certain industries, such as government,

healthcare, banking, and manufacturing, implemented return-to-office policies and additional

25

=== page 26 ===
Case 25-90090   Document 18   Filed in TXSB on 03/10/25   Page 26 of 47

requirements to manage increased security and resiliency risks threatening to disrupt their

business.  As a result, the market has increasingly trended toward utilizing hybrid communications

solutions to address workplace, business continuity and specialized regulatory requirements.

Following this shift, the Company identified the opportunity to pivot with the market by leveraging

its strengths to enable it to compete effectively. However, liquidity constraints limited the

Company’s ability to shift resources, optimize business operations, and fuel profitable growth.

Moreover, inflationary pressures due to disrupted supply chains and constrained manufacturing

over multiple years contributed to inventory constraints and higher material costs for the

Company’s Hardware Products, including from the purchase and production of chips.  In addition,

higher federal interest rates further negatively impacted the Company’s financial and liquidity

position.

54. 
From 2021 to 2023, the Company undertook several strategic initiatives to address

these headwinds, losses from its strategic partnerships, and operational liquidity challenges

including, among other things, pursuing a liability management transaction in 2022 to address

then-existing liquidity issues.  A summary of these initiatives is set forth below.

B. 
RingCentral 2021 Strategic Partnership

55. 
In November 2021, the Company announced a strategic partnership with

RingCentral, a provider of UCaaS solutions (the “2021 RingCentral Partnership”).  RingCentral

became the Company’s exclusive UCaaS cloud provider, pursuant to which the Company’s

customer base would migrate from the Company’s UCaaS and on-premise platforms to

RingCentral’s Message Video Phone (MVP) platform, a cloud-based all-in-one message, video,

and voice application.  The 2021 RingCentral Partnership was designed to provide a migration

path for the Company’s global customer base to upgrade to RingCentral’s modern cloud-based

26

=== page 27 ===
Case 25-90090   Document 18   Filed in TXSB on 03/10/25   Page 27 of 47

communications platforms, while allowing the Company to focus on, and continue investing in,

its flagship UC products, services, and partnerships.

56. 
RingCentral paid $650 million to acquire certain of the Company’s intellectual

property rights to its UCaaS solution platform, called “MiCloud Connect,” access to its UCaaS

customer base, and its “CloudLink” technology, a platform that allows migration from on-premise

phone systems to the cloud, and other technology that the Company developed to integrate on-

premise customers with cloud applications. Through this acquisition, RingCentral planned to

migrate the Company’s customers to their MVP platform in the cloud while still utilizing Mitel’s

on-premise technology for voice.

57. 
Through the first quarter of 2022, customer migration levels from the Company to

RingCentral’s cloud platform were slower than projected, but began to significantly improve in

the second half of the year.  However, as the Company began to see increased customer migrations

to RingCentral, toward the end of the fourth quarter of 2022, the partnership became plagued with

numerous disputes related to the incremental migration payments and other payments due from

RingCentral to the Debtors under the agreements.  As a result, in January 2023 and (to address

ongoing challenges) in June 2023, certain Debtor entities and RingCentral entered into agreements

to, among other things, settle disputes related to payments and address other operational issues

under the partnership agreements (collectively, the “RingCentral Settlements”).

C. 
2022 Transaction and Subsequent Litigation

58. 
By 2022, the Company had approximately $1.2 billion of debt under the Junior

Loans and the Revolving Credit Facility.  The Company was at risk of liquidity shortfalls due to,

among other things, challenges related to the 2021 RingCentral Partnership itself (specifically,

slower than expected customer migrations), and the lingering effects of COVID-19.  As a result,

the Company began evaluating transactions to generate additional liquidity and pursue other

27

=== page 28 ===
Case 25-90090   Document 18   Filed in TXSB on 03/10/25   Page 28 of 47

strategic partnerships to position itself for long-term success, such as through the Unify

Acquisition (as described herein).

59. 
Following an extensive analysis of its options and after evaluating various

proposals, the Company, with the assistance of its advisors, determined that it was in the best

interest of the Company and its stakeholders to pursue an out-of-court recapitalization with the

Senior Lenders that formed a majority of its then existing lenders under the Junior Loans, pursuant

to which the Company would issue new money incremental secured debt to the Senior Lenders

that had priority over the Junior Loans.  As part of the transaction: (a) the new Senior Loans

maintained a first priority position relative to the Junior Loans; and (b) the Senior Lenders received

the opportunity to sell their existing Junior Loans to the Company in exchange for higher-priority

obligations.  In turn, the Company negotiated the purchase at a discount to par to reduce the

Company’s overall debt burden (collectively, the “2022 Transaction”).

60. 
The 2022 Transaction was consummated in October 2022 and resulted in

the Company purchasing the Senior Lenders’ Junior Loans for approximately $701 million of

Second Lien Term Loans and Third Lien Term Loans, which have priority over the existing Junior

Loans held by the Junior Lenders that did not participate in the 2022 Transaction.  Further,

the Company issued $156 million in new money Priority Lien Term Loans.7

1. 
Litigation Challenging 2022 Transaction

61. 
In March 2023, the Junior Lenders commenced the 2022 Transaction Litigation

against certain Company Defendants,8 Searchlight, Credit Suisse AG, Cayman Islands Branch as

the predecessor collateral and administrative agent (“Credit Suisse”), and the Senior Lenders in

7  
A detailed description of the Company’s existing funded debt as of the Petition Date is set forth in Section III of 
this Declaration.  
8  
“Company Defendants” means TopCo, MNIL, U.S. Holdings, and Borrower.

28

=== page 29 ===
Case 25-90090   Document 18   Filed in TXSB on 03/10/25   Page 29 of 47

New York State Supreme Court seeking a judgment invalidating the 2022 Transaction and

damages for breach of contract, breach of the implied covenant of good faith and fair dealing,

tortious interference, and fraudulent transfer.9  The Junior Lenders alleged, among other things,

that the 2022 Transaction breached the Junior Credit Agreements by violating their “sacred”

consent rights.10  Defendants in the litigation, including the Company Defendants, filed responsive

papers setting forth the legal and factual bases upon which the 2022 Transaction complied with

the terms of the Junior Credit Agreements.11

62. 
In May 2023, the Company Defendants, the Senior Lenders, the Junior Collateral

Agent, and Searchlight each moved to dismiss the Junior Lenders’ claims.12  On June 8, 2023,

Senior Lenders managed by either Nuveen Asset Management, LLC or Teachers Advisors, LLC

(collectively, “Nuveen”) filed an answer and asserted crossclaims against the Company

Defendants and the Senior Lenders for fraudulent transfer and against the Senior Lenders for

breach of contract.13

63. 
On December 5, 2023, in a bench ruling, New York Supreme Court Justice

Jennifer G. Schecter denied the motion to dismiss the Junior Lenders’ claims for breach of certain

express contractual provisions, but dismissed the Junior Lenders’ implied covenant of good faith

9  
Complaint, Ocean Trails CLO VII v. MLN TopCo Ltd., No. 651327/2023 [Docket No. 1] (N.Y. Sup. Ct. Mar. 14, 
2023), as amended [Docket No. 30] (N.Y. Sup. Ct. May 26, 2023) (“Amended Compl.”).  
10  Amended Compl. ¶¶ 22, 78, Ocean Trails CLO VII; see also Plaintiffs’ Consolidated Memorandum of Law in 
Opposition to Defendants’ Motions to Dismiss at 31–32, Ocean Trails CLO VII, No. 651327/2023 [Docket 
No. 83] (N.Y. Sup. Ct. Aug. 11, 2023). 
11  Mitel Defendants’ Memorandum of Law in Support of Motion to Dismiss at 10–16, Ocean Trails CLO VII, 
No. 651327/2023 [Docket No. 43] (N.Y. Sup. Ct. May 31, 2023) (“Mitel Mem.”). 
12  Mitel Mem.; Credit Suisse AG, Cayman Islands Branch’s Memorandum of Law in Support of Its Motion to 
Dismiss, Ocean Trails CLO VII, No. 651327/2023 [Docket No. 47] (N.Y. Sup. Ct. May 31, 2023); Participating 
Lenders’ Memorandum of Law in Support of Motion to Dismiss Plaintiffs’ Amended Complaint, Ocean Trails 
CLO VII, No. 651327/2023 [Docket No. 45] (N.Y. Sup. Ct. May 31, 2023); Memorandum of Law in Support of 
Defendant Searchlight Capital Partners, LP’s Motion to Dismiss the Complaint, Ocean Trails CLO VII, 
No. 651327/2023  [Docket No. 42] (N.Y. Sup. Ct. May 31, 2023). 
13  Answer and Crossclaims at 79–82, Ocean Trails CLO VII, No. 651327/2023 [Docket No. 57] (N.Y. Sup. Ct. 
June. 8, 2023).

29

=== page 30 ===
Case 25-90090   Document 18   Filed in TXSB on 03/10/25   Page 30 of 47

and fair dealing, fraudulent transfer, and tortious interference claims, as well as all of Nuveen’s

cross-claims.14  The parties, except for Nuveen, cross-appealed this ruling and, after oral argument

in October 2024, on December 31, 2024, the NYS Appellate Division unanimously affirmed the

dismissal of the breach of implied covenant of good faith and fair dealing, fraudulent transfer, and

tortious interference claims and unanimously reversed the New York Supreme Court’s decision

denying the motions to dismiss with respect to the other causes of action, concluding that (a) the

2022 Transaction did not breach the Junior Credit Agreements and (b) the Senior Credit

Agreements and the amendments to the Junior Credit Agreements are “valid and enforceable

contracts.”15  The NYS Appellate Division directed the Clerk to enter judgment dismissing all

claims.16  In January 2025, the Junior Lenders sought a discretionary appeal at the Court of Appeals

and, in February 2025, the Company Defendants, the Senior Lenders, Searchlight, and Credit

Suisse filed a joint opposition to the Junior Lenders’ motion for leave to appeal to the Court of

Appeals.  Consistent with the Restructuring Transactions under the RSA, the parties to the 2022

Transaction Litigation will jointly inform the Court of Appeals that a consensual settlement on the

outstanding issues in the 2022 Transaction Litigation has been reached, and request that the Court

of Appeals refrain from issuing a ruling concerning any appeal of the Financing Litigation Ruling

(as defined in the RSA).  Upon consummation of the Restructuring Transactions, the appeal shall

be dismissed.

14  Hr’g Tr. at 29:8–25; 34:15–35:18; 48:15–49:15; 53:5–54:22; 57:5–10, Ocean Trails CLO VII, No. 651327/2023 
[Docket No. 178] (N.Y. Sup. Ct. Dec. 15, 2023).  
15   See Ocean Trails CLO VII v. MLN TopCo Ltd., No. 2024-00169, slip op. at 2–3 [Docket No. 37] (N.Y. App. Div. 
Dec. 31, 2024). 
16   Id. at 1, 3.

30

=== page 31 ===
Case 25-90090   Document 18   Filed in TXSB on 03/10/25   Page 31 of 47

D. 
2023 Unify Acquisition

64. 
To further expand its geographic footprint and large enterprise customer base

within the unified communications industry, in September 2023, the Company acquired Debtor

Unify Inc. and certain of its non-Debtor affiliates, the unified communications and collaboration

communications business of the French-based Atos group (“Atos”), making the Company the

second largest unified communications company in the world (the Unify entities collectively,

“Unify” and such acquisition, the “Unify Acquisition”).   The Unify Acquisition, among other

things, broadened the Company’s reach primarily in EMEA and better positioned the Company to

address the increasing demand for hybrid communications solutions.  In a value-maximizing and

cost-effective transaction, the Company acquired Unify’s voice platforms, collaboration and

contact center products, device and endpoint portfolio, and related intellectual property.  The

Company also acquired certain corresponding contracts that Atos was previously party to,

including agreements with NICE Systems UK Limited, which provides cloud and on-premises

enterprise software solutions (collectively with any affiliates that transact with the Company,

“NICE”).

V. 
Pursuit of Strategic Alternatives to Address Liquidity Challenges and Stakeholder 
Engagement

A. 
Retention of Professionals

65. 
As part of the Company’s ongoing efforts to enhance its liquidity ahead of

the Legacy Senior Term Loans’ maturity in November 2025, the Company retained each of Paul,

Weiss, Rifkind, Wharton & Garrison LLP, as restructuring counsel, PJT Partners LP, as investment

banker, and FTI Consulting, Inc., as financial advisor, in 2024 to explore strategic alternatives.

Together with the Company, the advisors analyzed the Company’s capital structure, potential

31

=== page 32 ===
Case 25-90090   Document 18   Filed in TXSB on 03/10/25   Page 32 of 47

sources of liquidity, and available financial runway in order to address the Company’s balance

sheet and its ability to service its debt payments as they came due.

B. 
Appointment of Independent Directors and Special Committee

66. 
In February 2024, in recognition of the importance of the Company’s independent

review of its strategic alternatives, TopCo and MNIL appointed Mr. Julian Nemirovsky as an

independent director of their respective boards.  In addition, in May 2024, the Board established

the Special Committee and appointed Mr. Nemirovsky as a member of the Special Committee.  In

October 2024, Mr. Andrew Kidd was added as an additional independent director at TopCo and

MNIL, and was also appointed as an additional member of the Special Committee.

67. 
Among other things, the Board delegated exclusive authority to the Special

Committee to (a) plan for and assess potential strategic alternatives in connection with a potential

restructuring and reorganization of the Company, including filing the chapter 11 cases by the

Company, as well as ancillary or parallel insolvency proceedings in various jurisdiction as may be

necessary or advisable, with certain limitations; (b) conduct a special review of the respective

company’s governance, financial transactions, and business operations to assess the potential

viability of legal claims that may be brought by various parties against the board or the ultimate

beneficial holder(s) of equity interests in the Company; and (c) consider, negotiate, approve,

authorize, and act upon any matter, as determined by the Special Committee presents conflicts of

interest between the respective company and related entities.

68. 
The Special Committee met regularly from June 2024 to the Petition Date with

the Company’s management and advisors to evaluate, consider, assess, and direct the Company

with respect to conflict and restructuring matters.  As part of this process, the Special Committee

directly oversaw the Company’s engagement with its lenders regarding a comprehensive

restructuring transaction.

32

=== page 33 ===
Case 25-90090   Document 18   Filed in TXSB on 03/10/25   Page 33 of 47

C. 
Prepetition Liquidity-Enhancing Transactions

69. 
By early 2024, the Company was working to integrate the Unify business into its

operations and seeking to derive further cost savings from that integration, which were

materializing more slowly than anticipated.  Further, as the 2021 RingCentral Partnership was

focused exclusively on migrations to RingCentral’s fully cloud-based platform, it had failed to

meet emerging market needs for a hybrid communications solution, hindering the strategic

partnership’s success and long-term viability.  In connection with its evaluation of its liquidity

position in the second quarter of 2024, in consultation with its advisors and following extensive

analysis, the Company determined that it would be in the best interests of the Company and its

stakeholders to pursue the 2024 RingCentral Transaction and the Zoom Transaction to extend its

liquidity runway, implement its go-forward business plan, and better position itself for discussions

with the Company’s stakeholders.  In light of the Company’s near-term liquidity needs, the

Company consummated the ABL Facility Transaction to provide the necessary liquidity runway

to negotiate and enter into the 2024 RingCentral Transaction.   As a result of the 2024 RingCentral

Transaction, the Company had sufficient liquidity through the start of the fourth quarter of 2024

and was able to pursue a partnership with Zoom catered to the largest segment of the

communications market focused on hybrid solutions, which the Company anticipates will support

additional, long-term business growth opportunities.  In the short term, as a result of the Zoom

Transaction, the Company secured sufficient liquidity to support its operations through the first

quarter of 2025.  As set forth in more detail below, each of the ABL Facility Transaction, the 2024

RingCentral Transaction, and the Zoom Transaction were value accretive transactions that

provided the Company with critical liquidity and enabled it to maximize value for stakeholders.

1. 
ABL Facility Transaction

33

=== page 34 ===
Case 25-90090   Document 18   Filed in TXSB on 03/10/25   Page 34 of 47

70. 
In September 2023, the Company launched a competitive financing process for an

asset-based lending facility of up to $20 million to obtain additional operational flexibility.

The Company approached over 60 financing sources, including asset-based lenders, credit funds,

and banks.  The Company hired KPMG International Limited (“KPMG”), which conducted a field

examination on inventory and accounts payable, and Hilco Global (“Hilco”), which conducted an

appraisal initially on legacy Mitel inventory.  When the field examination and appraisal were

updated to include Unify inventory following the close of the Unify Acquisition, the Company and

its advisors reapproached the market in January 2024.  In April 2024, BTG Pactual US (“BTG”)

sent the Company a term sheet and began exclusively negotiating with the Company.  In May

2024, the Company and BTG executed the ABL Credit Documents, which provided principal in

the amount of $17 million.  As a result of the ABL Facility Transaction, the Company was able to

pursue the 2024 RingCentral Transaction, which further enhanced the Company’s liquidity

position.

2. 
2024 RingCentral Transaction

71. 
By 2024, the Company continued to face challenges under the 2021 RingCentral

Partnership and the relationship did not meaningfully improve following the RingCentral

Settlements.  As part of its efforts to extend its liquidity runway, the Company explored options to

exit the relationship in a mutually value maximizing transaction.  In June 2024, the Company

entered into a new transaction with RingCentral to sell the Company’s remaining cloud business

to RingCentral, license back CloudLink from RingCentral, and resolve prior disputed payments in

34

=== page 35 ===
Case 25-90090   Document 18   Filed in TXSB on 03/10/25   Page 35 of 47

a transaction that netted the Company approximately $30 million of incremental liquidity and

terminated the existing 2021 RingCentral Partnership and corresponding agreements.17

72. 
Along with the $30 million in consideration, the 2024 RingCentral Transaction also

eliminated several exclusivity provisions that restricted the Company’s ability to pursue other

value maximizing strategic partnerships, like the Zoom Transaction.

3. 
Zoom Transaction

73. 
In September 2024, to address market demand, the Company entered into a

strategic partnership with Zoom, which also generated additional liquidity for the Company.

Under the partnership, Company and Zoom will jointly develop, promote, and sell an exclusive

hybrid cloud and on-premise solution that combines Zoom Workplace and Zoom AI Companion

with the Company’s flagship communications platform.  Pursuant to the Zoom Transaction, Zoom

will serve as the Company’s exclusive UCaaS offering within its overall UC portfolio and the

Company’s partners and sales teams will sell the Zoom-first experience as a core part of the unique

hybrid communications solution or help customers migrate to Zoom if UCaaS is their preferred

deployment model.  Among other things, Zoom provided the Company with material incremental

liquidity, and the partnership is expected to continue to bring in additional value to the Company

as hybrid communications solutions emerge as the future of the telecommunications business and

position the Company at the forefront of the market.

74. 
The ABL Facility Transaction, 2024 RingCentral Transaction, and Zoom

Transaction each provided the Company with critical liquidity and positioned the Company to

promote continued growth in its go-forward business.  With the support of these value-maximizing

17  Unify also had a partnership with RingCentral preceding the 2023 Unify Acquisition, separate and apart from the 
2021 RingCentral Partnership.  Under the 2024 RingCentral Transaction, the Unify-RingCentral partnership was 
also terminated and the parties mutually released and settled any claims and remaining amounts due.

35

=== page 36 ===
Case 25-90090   Document 18   Filed in TXSB on 03/10/25   Page 36 of 47

transactions, the Company then pivoted to engage the Senior Lenders with respect to a long-term

solution to address its capital structure.

D. 
Stakeholder Engagement

75. 
Following execution of the ABL Facility Transaction, 2024 RingCentral

Transaction, and Zoom Transaction, the Company understood that an effective and long-term

solution to deleverage its capital structure was required and that this would necessitate broad-based

support from its various stakeholders.  Therefore, in November 2024, under the direction of the

Special Committee, the Company initiated arm’s-length, good-faith discussions with the Ad Hoc

Group around a consensual prepackaged restructuring.

76. 
By early December 2024, recognizing that the Company needed to preserve

liquidity and work with key stakeholders to implement a comprehensive restructuring transaction,

the Special Committee determined that it was in the best interest of the Company to forego the

December 19, 2024 interest payment due in connection with the Junior Loans.  Simultaneously,

the Special Committee recommended that the Company and its advisors engage with the Ad Hoc

Group to put a forbearance in place pursuant to which the Ad Hoc Group members representing

the “Required Lenders” under the Senior Credit Agreements would not exercise remedies against

the Company on account of the Events of Default triggered by the Company’s non-payment of

interest and other defaults under the Junior Credit Agreements and the Senior Credit Agreements.

The terms of this forbearance were negotiated with the members of the Ad Hoc Group and, on

December 19, 2024, the Company, Senior Collateral Agent, and members of the Ad Hoc Group

entered into that certain Forbearance Agreement, dated December 19, 2024, pursuant to which the

“Required Lenders” agreed to forbear from exercising remedies through and including January 30,

2025, which period was further extended (a) through and including February 28, 2025 under the

Amended and Restated Forbearance Agreement, dated January 30, 2025, and (b) further extended

36

=== page 37 ===
Case 25-90090   Document 18   Filed in TXSB on 03/10/25   Page 37 of 47

through and including March 10, 2025 with the consent of the Required Lenders (the “Forbearance

Period”).  During the Forbearance Period, the Company engaged with members of the Ad Hoc

Group and Searchlight to develop the Restructuring Transactions, and the parties also successfully

engaged with the Junior Lenders to reach a fully consensual restructuring.

77. 
After considering in-court proposals, in consultation with its advisors, the Special

Committee and Company determined that implementing the terms of the Restructuring

Transactions (as defined in the RSA and described herein) through a chapter 11 plan of

reorganization (and a concurrent recognition proceeding under the CCAA in Canada) was optimal,

as it maintains the maximum achievable creditor support, is fair to all creditors and other

stakeholders, and best positions the Company for success upon emergence.  On March 9, 2025,

the Debtors entered into the RSA with members of the Ad Hoc Group, the Junior Lenders, and

Searchlight, BTG Pactual US as the ABL Lender, and certain other holders of Priority Lien Loans,

and launched solicitation of the Debtors’ prepackaged plan of reorganization.

VI. 
The Objectives of, and the Means for Implementing, These Chapter 11 Cases

A. 
The Restructuring Support Agreement

78. 
The terms of the Restructuring Transactions are set forth in the RSA and a

chapter 11 plan attached as Exhibit A to the RSA (the “Plan”).18  The RSA envisions a substantial

deleveraging of the Debtors’ balance sheet by over $1.15 billion and a reduction of $135 million

in annual cash interest expense.  The delevered capital structure contemplated by the RSA will

position the reorganized Debtors for long-term growth following their emergence from these

chapter 11 cases and to continue making critical investments to successfully perform in their

competitive industry.  Pursuant to the RSA and subject to the conditions specified therein, the

18  
The following description of the Restructuring Transactions is for informational purposes only and is qualified 
in its entirety by reference to the RSA and the Plan.

37

=== page 38 ===
Case 25-90090   Document 18   Filed in TXSB on 03/10/25   Page 38 of 47

members of the Ad Hoc Group have agreed to, among other things, support the Restructuring

Transactions and vote in favor of the Plan.

79. 
The RSA and Plan contemplate the following key terms of the Restructuring

Transactions:

(a) 
receipt of an aggregate principal amount of $60 million of DIP New Money 
Term Loans which, together with the DIP Upfront Premium and the DIP 
Backstop Premium, will be converted into exit term loans on the Effective 
Date;  
 
(b) 
the roll-up and equitization of an aggregate principal amount of $62 million 
of Priority Lien Loans held by the DIP Lenders;

(c) 
entry into the Exit Facility, comprised of:

i. Tranche A-1 Term Loans in an aggregate principal amount equal to $20

million; and 
 
ii. Tranche A-2 Term Loans, consisting of (A) $69 million of converted

DIP New Money Term Loans (inclusive of all fees and premiums 
payable-in-kind), (B) approximately $51 million in New Money 
Tranche A-2 Term Loans (inclusive of all fees and premiums payable-
in-kind);

(d) 
the Consenting Junior Lenders’ Fee Consideration on account of the 
settlement with the Junior Lenders consists of (i) $1.25 million in cash and 
(ii) $3.75 million of Incremental Tranche A-2 Term Loans issued to the 
Junior Lien Financing Parties (or their designee(s)), which shall not consist 
of New Money Tranche A-2 Term Loans;

(e) 
(i) lenders that commit to funding the Tranche A-1 Term Loans will each 
receive their pro rata share of the Tranche A-1 Backstop Premium, in the 
form of New Common Equity; (ii) lenders that commit to funding the New 
Money Tranche A-2 Term Loans will each receive their pro rata share of 
the Tranche A-2 Term Loan Backstop Premium, payable-in-kind; and (iii) 
lenders that actually fund the New Money Tranche A-2 Term Loans will 
each receive their pro rata share of the Tranche A-2 Term Loan Funding 
Premium in the form of New Common Equity, subject to further dilution by 
the MIP Equity Pool;

(f) 
lenders that commit to funding the DIP New Money Term Loans and New 
Money Tranche A-2 Term Loans (which, for the avoidance of doubt, 
excludes Incremental Tranche A-2 Exit Term Loans) will additionally

38

=== page 39 ===
Case 25-90090   Document 18   Filed in TXSB on 03/10/25   Page 39 of 47

receive their pro rata share of the DIP Backstop Premium in the form of DIP 
New Money Term Loans and the Tranche A-2 Term Loan Backstop 
Premium in the form of New Money Tranche A-2 Term Loans, 
respectively;

(g) 
the equitization of Allowed Priority Lien Claims and Non-Priority Lien 
Term Loan Deficiency Claims, in each case, subject to dilution on account 
of any DIP Equitization Shares, any New Common Equity issued in 
connection with the Tranche A-1 Term Loan Backstop Premium, any New 
Common Equity issued in connection with the Tranche A-2 Term Loans 
Funding Premium, and the MIP Equity Pool;

(h) 
the ABL Loan Claims shall continue in full force and effect against the 
Reorganized Debtors on the Effective Date in accordance with the 
Amended and Restated ABL Loan Credit Agreements, subject to a waiver 
of change of control triggers on account of the restructuring and extensions 
of deadlines for deliverables under the ABL Loan Credit Agreements; 
 
(i) 
Allowed General Unsecured Claims will be Unimpaired under the Plan and 
treated in the ordinary course;

(j) 
the cancellation of all Existing Mitel Interests on the Effective Date; and

(k) 
the Company, the Consenting Sponsor, the Senior Lenders, and the Junior 
Lenders will seek to the dismiss the 2022 Transaction Litigation.

80. 
In connection with the negotiation and documentation of the Restructuring

Transactions, the Company also engaged in arm’s-length, good-faith negotiations with Atos and

NICE to address certain disputes between the parties and the parties’ go-forward operational

relationship.  Prior to the Petition Date, the Company, Atos, and NICE entered into settlement

agreements (the “Atos/NICE Prepetition Agreements”) to provide a framework for the Debtors’

go-forward relationship with these key operational counterparties upon consummation of the

Restructuring Transactions.  Entry into the Atos/NICE Prepetition Agreements was a condition

precedent to effectiveness of the RSA and the Debtors’ assumption of the Atos/NICE Prepetition

Agreements as of the Effective Date is a condition precedent to effectiveness of the Plan and

consummation of the Restructuring Transactions contemplated thereby.

39

=== page 40 ===
Case 25-90090   Document 18   Filed in TXSB on 03/10/25   Page 40 of 47

81. 
The terms of the Atos/NICE Prepetition Agreements require the Debtors to assume

such agreements pursuant to a standalone order authorizing such assumption pursuant to

section 365 of the Bankruptcy Code.  The Debtors have accordingly filed a motion

contemporaneously herewith to assume the Atos/NICE Prepetition Agreements, effective as of the

Effective Date.  Assumption of the Atos/NICE Prepetition Agreements is an essential precondition

to consummation of the Restructuring Transactions and therefore a sound exercise of the Debtors’

business judgment.

82. 
Further, in connection with the consummation of the Restructuring Transactions,

the Company conducted a comprehensive analysis of its leases and have filed a motion

contemporaneously herewith to reject one of the Debtors’ leases in order to implement its go-

forward business plan.  Rejection of this lease is in the best interests of the Debtors and represents

the sound exercise of the Debtors’ business judgment to exit a burdensome obligation.

1. 
RSA Milestones

83. 
The RSA contemplates the following timeline for implementation of

the Restructuring Transactions, which includes corresponding milestones for the CCAA

Proceeding:

Deadline 
Milestone

No later than March 10, 2025 
Pursuant to and consistent with Section 5.07(a) of the RSA, 
the Financing Litigation Parties (as defined in the RSA) will 
jointly inform the Court of Appeals that the Financing 
Litigation Parties have reached a consensual settlement on 
the outstanding issues in the Financing Litigation, and 
request that the Court of Appeals refrain from issuing a 
ruling concerning any appeal of the Financing Litigation 
Ruling

No later than March 12, 2025 
Entry of the Interim DIP Order and Scheduling Order

40

=== page 41 ===
Case 25-90090   Document 18   Filed in TXSB on 03/10/25   Page 41 of 47

Deadline 
Milestone

No later than March 24, 2025 
Entry of the Initial Recognition Order, Supplemental Order, 
and Interim DIP Recognition Order by the CCAA Court

No later than April 8, 2025 
Entry of the Final DIP Order

No later than April 18, 2025 
Entry of the Final DIP Recognition Order by the CCAA 
Court

No later than April 23, 2025 
Entry of the Confirmation Order

No later than May 3, 2025 
Entry of the Confirmation Recognition Order by the CCAA 
Court

Consummation of the Plan

No later than May 23, 2025, 
subject to further extensions

The RSA provides that the Plan Effective Date milestone may be extended, with the consent of

the Required Consenting Senior Lenders, by a further 30 days solely to obtain the necessary

regulatory approvals needed for the Plan to be consummated.  Failure to meet such milestones may

give rise to certain termination rights in favor of the “Required Consenting Senior Lenders” under

the RSA.

80. 
Given the substantial benefits of the Restructuring Transactions, I believe that the

proposed Restructuring Transactions currently represent the best available path forward to

right-size the Debtors’ balance sheet and position the Debtors for future success following these

chapter 11 cases.  I further believe that reaching consensus on the Restructuring Transactions prior

to commencing these chapter 11 cases (and the related CCAA Proceeding) was critical to ensuring

a smooth landing in chapter 11 and providing the Debtors with a plan on which to build additional

stakeholder support for the Debtors’ restructuring, which will maximize the value of the Debtors’

estates and their going-concern business.  Moreover, I understand that the Debtors’ obligations

41

=== page 42 ===
Case 25-90090   Document 18   Filed in TXSB on 03/10/25   Page 42 of 47

under the RSA are subject to a fiduciary out, thus ensuring that the Debtors are able to continue

considering all unsolicited offers during these chapter 11 cases.

B. 
The Debtors’ Need for Liquidity and the Proposed DIP Financing

81. 
  As described above and pursuant to the DIP Motion (as defined below) filed

contemporaneously herewith, in connection with the RSA, certain members of the Ad Hoc Group

and certain other holders of Priority Lien Loans (in such capacity, the “DIP Backstop Parties”)

have committed to provide the Debtors with the necessary financing to implement a

comprehensive restructuring in these chapter 11 cases and the concurrent CCAA Proceeding

through the DIP Financing.  In addition, (i) all holders of Priority Lien Loans will have the

opportunity to participate in the DIP Financing and/or financing of the New Money Tranche A-2

Term Loans, provided they sign onto the RSA by March 14, 2025 (the “New Money Election

Date”) and (ii) all DIP Backstop Parties and Tranche A-2 Term Loan Backstop Parties (to the

extent such DIP Backstop Party or Tranche A-2 Term Loan Backstop Party has committed to fund

at least its pro rata share of the DIP New Money Term Loans and/or the New Money Tranche A-

2 Term Loans) will have the opportunity to participate in financing the Tranche A-1 Term Loan

Facility provided they elect to do so by the New Money Election Date.

82. 
As set forth in the Schlappig Declaration, the Debtors marketed the opportunity to

provide the necessary liquidity to support the administration of these chapter 11 cases and the

concurrent CCAA Proceeding to various parties.  Notwithstanding this marketing effort, the only

actionable proposal received by the Debtors for postpetition financing was that offered by the DIP

Backstop Parties, presented to this Court for approval in the DIP Motion.

83. 
I personally participated in the negotiation and analysis of the DIP Financing,

specifically the sizing and initial draw components of the DIP Facility, along with the lenders’

adequate protection packages contemplated in the proposed Interim DIP Order.  These negotiations

42

=== page 43 ===
Case 25-90090   Document 18   Filed in TXSB on 03/10/25   Page 43 of 47

were hard-fought and conducted at arm’s-length.  Without the proceeds of the DIP Financing and

access to cash collateral, the Debtors lack the liquidity necessary to continue operations.  The DIP

Financing provides the Debtors with sufficient liquidity to operate their business, administer these

chapter 11 cases and the CCAA Proceeding to pursue a restructuring that will significantly

deleverage their balance sheets, and implement operational initiatives that will position the Debtors

to succeed upon emergence from chapter 11.  I believe that the terms of the DIP Financing and the

proposed order approving the DIP Motion are fair and reasonable under the circumstances, and the

best alternative available to the Debtors.  Furthermore, the milestones established under the RSA

and incorporated into the DIP Financing are reasonable and obtainable, while also ensuring the

Debtors’ restructuring will be implemented in an efficient and timely fashion.

84. 
Finally, and perhaps most importantly, as stated above, the Debtors require

immediate access to the DIP Financing and cash collateral to continue operations and avoid a

value-destructive liquidation.  The use of the proceeds of the DIP Facility is governed by

the Approved Budget (as defined in the DIP Motion).  It is my view, in consultation with

the Debtors’ advisors, that the Approved Budget is sufficient and provides the Debtors with

the necessary liquidity, as well as flexibility, to implement the restructuring contemplated by the

RSA.  Without this Court’s approval of the DIP Financing, the Debtors will have no alternative

other than to consider liquidation.

VII. 
First Day Motions

85. 
Contemporaneously herewith, the Debtors have filed a number of First Day

Motions in these chapter 11 cases seeking various forms of relief intended to stabilize the Debtors’

business operations, facilitate the efficient administration of these chapter 11 cases, and expedite

a swift and smooth restructuring process.  The First Day Motions include:

43

=== page 44 ===
Case 25-90090   Document 18   Filed in TXSB on 03/10/25   Page 44 of 47

A. 
Administrative Motions

(a) 
Notice of Designation as Complex Chapter 11 Bankruptcy Case  
(“Complex Case Designation”);

(b) 
Debtors’ Emergency Motion for Entry of an Order (I) Directing Joint 
Administration of Related Chapter 11 Cases and (II) Granting Related 
Relief (“Joint Administration Motion”);

(c) 
Debtors’ Emergency Motion for Entry of an Order (I) Authorizing the 
Debtors to (A) File a Consolidated List of Creditors, (B) File a Consolidated 
List of the 30 Largest Unsecured Creditors, and (C) Redact Certain Personal 
Identification Information; (II) Approving the Form and Manner of 
Notifying Creditors of the Commencement of these Chapter 11 Cases; and 
(III) Granting Related Relief (“Creditor Matrix Motion”); and

(d) 
Emergency Ex Parte Application for Entry of an Order Authorizing the 
Employment and Retention of Stretto, Inc. as Claims, Noticing, and 
Solicitation Agent (“Claims Agent Retention Application”).

B. 
Operational Motions Requesting Immediate Relief

(a) 
Debtors’ Emergency Motion for Entry of Interim and Final Orders (I) 
Authorizing the Debtors to (A) Continue to Operate Their Cash 
Management System, (B) Honor Certain Prepetition Obligations Related 
Thereto, (C) Maintain Existing Business Forms and Books and Records, 
and (D) Continue to Perform Intercompany Transactions; and (II) Granting 
Related Relief (“Cash Management Motion”);

(b) 
Debtors’ Emergency Motion for Entry of an Order (I) Authorizing the 
Debtors to (A) Pay Prepetition Wages, Salaries, Other Compensation, and 
Reimbursable Expenses and (B) Continue Employee Benefits Programs, 
and (II) Granting Related Relief (“Wages Motion”);

(c) 
Debtors’ Emergency Motion for Entry of an Order (I) Authorizing the 
Debtors to Pay Certain Prepetition Claims in the Ordinary Course of 
Business; (II) Granting Administrative Expense Priority to All Outstanding 
Orders; and (III) Granting Related Relief (“All-Trade Motion”);

(d) 
Debtors’ Emergency Motion for Entry of an Order (I) Authorizing the 
Payment of Certain Taxes and Fees and (II) Granting Related Relief 
(“Taxes Motion”);

(e) 
Debtors’ Emergency Motion for Entry of an Order (I) Approving the 
Debtors’ Proposed Adequate Assurance of Payment for Future Utility 
Services, (II) Prohibiting Utility Providers from Altering, Refusing, or 
Discontinuing Services, (III) Approving the Debtors’ Proposed Procedures

44

=== page 45 ===
Case 25-90090   Document 18   Filed in TXSB on 03/10/25   Page 45 of 47

for Resolving Additional Assurance Requests, and (IV) Granting Related 
Relief (“Utilities Motion”);

(f) 
Debtors’ Emergency Motion for Entry of Interim and Final Orders  
(I) Establishing Notification and Hearing Procedures for Certain Transfers 
of and Declarations of Worthlessness with Respect to Interests of MLN US 
TopCo Inc. and Claims Against the Debtors and (II) Granting Related 
Relief (“NOL Motion”);

(g) 
Debtors’ Emergency Motion for Entry of an Order (I) Authorizing the 
Debtors to Maintain and Administer Their Existing Customer and Partner 
Programs and Contracts, and Honor Certain Prepetition Obligations Related 
Thereto and (II) Granting Related Relief (“Customer Programs Motion”);

(h) 
Debtors’ Emergency Motion for Entry of an Order (I) Restating and 
Enforcing the Worldwide Automatic Stay, Anti-Discrimination Provisions, 
and Ipso Facto Protections of the Bankruptcy Code; (II) Approving the 
Form and Manner of Notice Related Thereto; and (III) Granting Related 
Relief (the “Stay Enforcement Motion”);

(i) 
Debtors’ Emergency Motion for Entry of an Order (I) Authorizing the 
Debtors to (A) Continue Prepetition Insurance Coverage and Satisfy 
Prepetition Obligations Related Thereto, (B) Renew, Amend, Supplement, 
Extend, or Purchase Insurance Policies, (C) Continue to Pay Brokerage Fees 
and Commissions, (D) Honor the Terms of Premium Financing Agreements 
and Pay Premiums Thereunder; (E) Enter into New Agreements to Finance 
Premiums in the Ordinary Course of Business, and (F) Maintain Their 
Surety Bond Program, and (II) Granting Related Relief (“Insurance 
Motion”);

(j) 
Debtors’ Emergency Motion for Entry of Interim and Final Orders (I) 
Authorizing the Debtors to (A) Obtain Postpetition Financing and (B) Use 
Cash Collateral; and (C) Grant Liens and Provided Superpriority 
Administrative Expense Claims, (II) Granting Adequate Protection to 
Prepetition Secured Parties; (III) Modifying the Automatic Stay, (IV) 
Scheduling a Final Hearing; and (V) Granting Related Relief (the “DIP 
Motion”); and

(k) 
Debtor’s Emergency Motion for Entry of an Order (I) Authorizing Mitel 
Networks Corporation to Act as Foreign Representative; and (II) Granting 
Related Relief.

86. 
The First Day Motions seek authority to, among other things, obtain debtor-

in-possession financing and use cash collateral on an interim basis, honor employee-related wage

and benefits obligations, pay certain prepetition accounts payable claims in the ordinary course of

45

=== page 46 ===
Case 25-90090   Document 18   Filed in TXSB on 03/10/25   Page 46 of 47

business, and ensure the continuation of the Debtors’ cash management systems and other business

operations without interruption.  I believe that the relief requested in the First Day Motions is

necessary to allow the Debtors to preserve the value of their enterprise and successfully implement

their restructuring.

87. 
Several of the First Day Motions request authority to pay certain prepetition claims.

I understand that Rule 6003 of the Federal Rules of Bankruptcy Procedures provides, in relevant

part, that the Court shall not consider motions to pay prepetition claims during the first 21 days

following the filing of a chapter 11 petition, “except to the extent relief is necessary to avoid

immediate and irreparable harm.”  In light of this requirement, the Debtors have narrowly tailored

their requests for immediate authority to pay certain prepetition claims to those circumstances

where the failure to pay such claims would cause immediate and irreparable harm to the Debtors

and their estates.

88. 
I am familiar with the content and substance of the First Day Motions.  The facts

stated therein are true and correct to the best of my knowledge, information, and belief, and such

facts shall be deemed incorporated herein by reference as if fully stated herein.  I believe that the

relief sought in each of the First Day Motions is necessary to enable the Debtors to operate in

chapter 11 with minimal disruption to their business operations and constitutes a critical element

in successfully restructuring the Debtors’ business.

89. 
For the reasons stated herein and in each of the First Day Motions filed concurrently

or in connection with the commencement of these chapter 11 cases, I respectfully request that each

of the First Day Motions be granted in its entirety, together with such other and further relief as

this Court deems just and proper.

46

=== page 47 ===
Case 25-90090   Document 18   Filed in TXSB on 03/10/25   Page 47 of 47

Pursuant to 28 U.S.C. § 1746, I declare under penalty of perjury that the foregoing

statements are true and correct to the best of my knowledge, information, and belief.

Dated: March 10, 2025 
/s/ Janine Yetter 
 
Janine Yetter

47

