=== page 1 ===
IN THE UNITED STATES BANKRUPTCY COURT 
FOR THE SOUTHERN DISTRICT OF TEXAS 
HOUSTON DIVISION 
In re: 
SAKS GLOBAL ENTERPRISES LLC,  
et al.,1
Debtors. 
Chapter 11 
Case No. 26- 90103 (ARP)
(Joint Administration Requested) 
DECLARATION OF MARK WEINSTEN IN SUPPORT OF 
CHAPTER 11 PETITIONS AND FIRST DAY PLEADINGS 
I, Mark Weinsten, hereby declare, pursuant to 28 U.S.C. § 1746, under penalty of perjury 
that: 
1.
I am the Chief Restructuring Officer (“CRO”) of Saks Global Enterprises LLC
(“SGE”) and each of the other Global Debtors (collectively, “Saks Global”).2  
2.
I have served as CRO of the Global Debtors since January 1, 2026. I am a Managing
Director with Berkeley Research Group LLC (“BRG”) and have over 25 years of experience 
providing interim management services, including as Chief Executive Officer, Chief Financial 
Officer, Chief Operating Officer, and Chief Restructuring Officer, to distressed and transitioning 
companies. In those roles, I have implemented revenue enhancement, liquidity improvement, and 
1  
A complete list of each of the debtors in these chapter 11 cases (collectively, the “Debtors”) may be obtained on 
the website of the Debtors’ proposed claims and noticing agent at https://cases.stretto.com/Saks. The location of 
Debtor Saks Global Enterprises LLC’s corporate headquarters and the Debtors’ service address in these chapter 
11 cases is 225 Liberty Street, 31st Floor, New York, NY 10281. Bradley Arant Boult Cummings LLP is proposed 
counsel for the following Debtors: Saks OFF 5TH Holdings LLC, Saks OFF 5TH LLC, Saks OFF 5TH Midco 
Partner Inc., and Luxury Outlets USA, LLC (collectively the “SO5 Digital Debtors”). Haynes and Boone, LLP 
and Willkie Farr & Gallagher LLP are proposed counsel for the remaining Debtors (collectively, the “Global 
Debtors”). 
2  
The SO5 Digital Debtors, which have a separate capital structure from the Global Debtors, have appointed 
Andrew Hede to serve as their Chief Restructuring Officer. 
Case 26-90103   Document 17   Filed in TXSB on 01/14/26   Page 1 of 63

=== page 2 ===
2 
cost-reduction programs. Prior positions of relevance include, Interim Chief Operating Officer of 
Neiman Marcus Group, Chief Restructuring Officer of Neiman Marcus Group during its 2020 
Chapter 11 process, Interim Chief Financial Officer of Neiman Marcus Group and, most recently, 
Interim Chief Financial Officer of Saks Global. 
3. 
I am generally familiar with the Debtors’ day-to-day operations, business and 
financial affairs, and books and records. Except as otherwise indicated, all facts set forth in this 
declaration (the “Declaration”) are based upon my personal knowledge, information supplied to 
me by other members of the Debtors’ management team and other professionals and advisors, my 
review of relevant documents, or my opinion based upon my experience and knowledge 
concerning the Debtors’ operations and financial condition. I submit this Declaration to assist the 
United States Bankruptcy Court for the Southern District of Texas (the “Court”) and parties in 
interest in understanding the circumstances compelling the commencement of these chapter 11 
cases and in support of the Debtors’ chapter 11 petitions and certain motions and applications filed 
today (the “First Day Motions”). In addition to this Declaration, the Chief Restructuring Officer 
of the SO5 Digital Debtors has separately submitted the Declaration of Andrew Hede in Support 
of SO5 Digital Debtors Chapter 11 Petitions and First Day Pleadings (the “Hede Declaration”) 
filed concurrently herewith, which specifically addresses certain issues pertaining to the SO5 
Digital Debtors. 
4. 
I am over the age of 18, and if called upon to testify, I could and would testify 
competently to the facts set forth herein. I am duly authorized to submit this Declaration. 
5. 
On January 13, 2026 (the “Petition Date”) and January 14, 2026, the Debtors each 
filed voluntary petitions for relief under chapter 11 of title 11 of the United States Code (the 
Case 26-90103   Document 17   Filed in TXSB on 01/14/26   Page 2 of 63

=== page 3 ===
3 
“Bankruptcy Code”). The Debtors intend to continue in the possession of their respective 
properties and the management of their respective businesses as debtors in possession. 
Preliminary Statement 
6. 
SGE is the parent company of three iconic American retailers, including Saks Fifth 
Avenue, which traces its founding back to 1867 and has operated its world-famous Manhattan 
flagship store for over 100 years. In 2013, Hudson’s Bay Company (“HBC”), led by its Governor 
and Executive Chairman Richard Baker, acquired Saks Incorporated (owner, at the time, of Saks 
Fifth Avenue) to create a leading North American luxury retail conglomerate that included Saks 
Fifth Avenue, Lord & Taylor, and Hudson’s Bay stores located in Canada. The merger was 
designed to increase growth potential both in the U.S. and Canada, generate efficiencies of scale, 
and add leverage across both companies’ real estate portfolios. 
7. 
In 2024, Saks Global became the owner of Neiman Marcus and Bergdorf Goodman, 
each of which has its own storied history and deep roots as leaders in the fashion industry. The 
transaction combined Neiman Marcus, Bergdorf Goodman, Saks Fifth Avenue, and Saks OFF 
5TH, with each continuing to serve customers under its own brand. This transaction was 
transformative for Saks Global and the luxury retail industry, creating an unparalleled multi-brand 
luxury portfolio. Through deep relationships with brand partners in the industry, cutting-edge 
personalization, and strategic technology partnerships, the combination of brands under Saks 
Global aimed to redefine the luxury shopping experience. 
8. 
Uniting these retailers under one umbrella has made the Debtors the largest multi-
brand luxury retailer in the world, operating approximately 70 full-line luxury locations, additional 
off-price locations and five distinct e-commerce experiences. Through an improved e-commerce 
experience and well-located store fleet, Saks Global helps emerging and established brands reach 
their target customers. Such multi-channel retail platforms remain an important means by which 
Case 26-90103   Document 17   Filed in TXSB on 01/14/26   Page 3 of 63

=== page 4 ===
4 
luxury brands connect with consumers as these brands are unlike traditional retail brands due to 
their focus on quality, controlled distribution, and long-term brand equity rather than volume-
driven sales. 
9. 
The Debtors, together with their non-Debtor affiliates (collectively, the 
“Company”), own or ground lease approximately 8.4 million square feet of U.S. real estate 
holdings and investments. 
10. 
Despite the growth potential of Saks Global and synergies expected (and partially 
realized) from its recent acquisitions, the Company has been negatively impacted by sustained 
liquidity issues. Nonetheless, it is not a declining brick-and-mortar business. Fundamentally, the 
Debtors’ sales are a function of two inputs: (i) the availability of luxury inventory through their 
sales channels; and (ii) luxury consumers’ desire to shop. While there are strong indications that 
the Debtors’ most lucrative customers are continuing to spend through their retail channels, the 
Debtors’ liquidity constraints have increasingly made it difficult to acquire the inventory necessary 
to meet customer demand. In that respect, the constraints faced by the Company are not driven by 
declining demand; where product is available, performance has remained robust. 
11. 
During the Debtors’ fiscal year ending February 1, 2025—which included the 
Debtors’ acquisition of Neiman Marcus and Bergdorf Goodman—consolidated total revenue 
declined by 13.6% year over year, largely driven by lower retail sales across all channels. Sales 
performance was also softer than expected in the second quarter of 2025. These headwinds led to 
an unsustainable level of aged trade payables and related reductions in the availability of goods 
for sale. 
12. 
The Debtors sought to address these challenges by raising incremental financing in 
the summer of 2025. As discussed in more detail herein, in Summer 2025, the Global Debtors 
Case 26-90103   Document 17   Filed in TXSB on 01/14/26   Page 4 of 63

=== page 5 ===
5 
secured $600 million (before fees and prepaid interest) in new money financing from existing 
bondholders and completed an exchange transaction (the “Exchange Transaction”) that allowed 
the Global Debtors to capture approximately $115 million of discount in face value of their existing 
notes. The Debtors planned to use a significant portion of the net proceeds from the new money 
financing to pay aged payables and restore a normal flow of goods. The proceeds alone were 
insufficient to normalize aged payables or restore inventory flow to planned levels ahead of the 
2025 holiday season. These efforts were complicated by the length of time that many vendor 
accounts payable had been stretched. Additionally, the Debtors were impacted by merchandising 
system integration issues which disrupted inventory receipts at Neiman Marcus and Bergdorf 
Goodman during a critical time leading up to peak holiday season. With this inventory disruption, 
and slower inventory receipts from vendors arising from aged payables, in the second half of 2025, 
the Debtors had over $550 million less in inventory receipts than the Company previously forecast 
in July. In addition to a reduction in top line, this reduced the Global Debtors’ borrowing base 
under the ABL Facility, further constraining liquidity. Ultimately, the new money financing from 
the Exchange Transaction did not provide enough liquidity to fully normalize the Debtors’ 
relationships with their trade partners heading into the critical 2025 holiday season. In addition, in 
December, borrowing base availability was further constrained under the ABL Facility when the 
minimum excess availability financial covenant threshold increased from $200 million to 
$500 million, in addition to over $50 million of discretionary reserves imposed under the ABL 
Facility over the course of 2025. Further, on December 4, 2025, the ABL Agent (defined below) 
sent notices to the Global Debtors triggering the ABL Agent’s ability to exercise control over 
certain deposit accounts of the Global Debtors pursuant to the terms of certain deposit account 
control agreements. Compounding this with additional near-term obligations, including interest 
Case 26-90103   Document 17   Filed in TXSB on 01/14/26   Page 5 of 63

=== page 6 ===
6 
payments due at the end of December 2025, the Debtors faced a perfect storm of liquidity 
challenges leading into January, historically a seasonal low point for sales and liquidity.  
13. 
To help address these challenges, in the months leading up to the Petition Date, the 
Debtors engaged restructuring professionals at Willkie Farr & Gallagher LLP (“WF&G”) and PJT 
Partners L.P. (“PJT”) to augment the professionals of BRG which had been previously retained to 
consider strategic alternatives. To further the Global Debtors’ evaluation of strategic alternatives, 
the Global Debtors appointed (i) me as their Chief Restructuring Officer and (ii) independent 
managers Paul Aronzon and William Tracy (the “Independent Managers”) to the board of 
managers of HBC GP LLC (the parent company of all Debtors) as well as to the governing body 
at each subsidiary Global Debtor that is not member-managed, and formed a special committee of 
the board comprised of the Independent Managers at the applicable entities (the “Special 
Committee”). In addition, the Board of Managers of HBC GP LLC approved the appointment of 
Scott Vogel to serve as an independent director of HBC GP LLC, each subsidiary Global Debtor 
that is not member-managed, and to the Special Committee, subject to the entry of the interim 
order approving the DIP Facilities (defined below).  
14. 
Further, the Company has announced that Geoffroy van Raemdonck, who 
previously served as Chief Executive Officer of Neiman Marcus Group prior to its acquisition in 
2024, has been appointed Chief Executive Officer of Saks Global, effective immediately, to guide 
the Company through this pivotal period. Mr. van Raemdonck brings deep operating experience 
in luxury retail. Most recently, as Chief Executive Officer of Neiman Marcus Group, he led the 
company through its COVID-era restructuring and executed a mandate to rebuild vendor 
relationships and position the business for profitable growth. 
15. 
In addition, Mr. van Raemdonck will be joined by two senior leaders with whom 
Case 26-90103   Document 17   Filed in TXSB on 01/14/26   Page 6 of 63

=== page 7 ===
7 
he worked as a unified team at Neiman Marcus Group and Bergdorf Goodman prior to the 2024 
Saks acquisition: Lana Todorovich, who served as Chief Merchandising Officer at Neiman 
Marcus, and Darcy Penick, who served as President of Bergdorf Goodman. Further, Brandy 
Richardson will continue to serve as the Company’s Chief Financial Officer and will be an integral, 
day-to-day member of the leadership team. Ms. Richardson previously worked with Mr. van 
Raemdonck, Ms. Todorovich and Ms. Penick at Neiman Marcus. 
16. 
In late 2025, the Debtors explored the possibility of consummating one or more 
potential value-maximizing transactions outside of chapter 11, including with key equity holders 
and third-party investors. These potential paths included sales of certain assets, financing 
alternatives with new and/or existing lenders, and holistic restructuring transactions. Although the 
Debtors were hopeful that they could identify a transaction or series of transactions that would 
enable them to obtain much-needed liquidity and consensually recapitalize their balance sheet 
outside of a chapter 11 process, they ultimately were not able to reach agreement on the terms of 
any transactions with these constituents. Accordingly, in mid-December 2025, the Global Debtors 
began engaging with their key creditor constituents and certain third-party investors on the terms 
of debtor-in-possession financing. An ad hoc group of the Global Debtors’ noteholders (the “Ad 
Hoc Group”), which collectively own approximately 72% of the existing SPV Notes (as defined 
below) and approximately 50% of the existing 2O Notes (as defined below), engaged Paul, Weiss, 
Rifkind, Wharton & Garrison LLP, FTI Consulting, Inc. and Lazard Frères & Co, LLC to advise 
them in connection with negotiations with the Global Debtors. In addition, the Global Debtors’ 
ABL Lenders (defined below) engaged Morgan, Lewis & Bockius LLP, Otterbourg P.C. and M3 
Partners, LP in connection with these chapter 11 cases.  
Case 26-90103   Document 17   Filed in TXSB on 01/14/26   Page 7 of 63

=== page 8 ===
8 
17. 
These negotiations culminated in three debtor-in-possession financing facilities that 
will provide nearly $1.75 billion in new money to the Global Debtors both during the course of 
these cases and as part of an exit solution. First, the ABL Lenders have agreed to enter into a new 
debtor-in-possession ABL facility with commitments in an aggregate principal amount of $1.5 
billion (the “ABL DIP Facility”), subject to a borrowing base formula and minimum excess 
availability financial covenants. The ABL DIP Facility provides materially improved terms 
through a reduction of the reserves and minimum excess availability covenant, as compared to the 
prepetition ABL Facility. These concessions will allow the Global Debtors to borrow 
approximately an incremental $240 million more than was available to them under the terms of 
the prepetition ABL Facility. The ABL DIP Facility also includes: (i) an interim roll-up of letters 
of credit and other non-revolving loan obligations under the prepetition ABL Facility; (ii) a 
creeping dollar-for-dollar roll-up of the outstanding revolving loans under the prepetition ABL 
Facility into the new ABL DIP Facility on an interim basis such that during the interim period, 
cash that is swept on a daily basis from the Global Debtors’ accounts will first repay outstanding 
prepetition revolving loans under the ABL Facility, and new money advanced on a daily basis will 
be advanced as obligations under the ABL DIP Facility; and (iii) a full roll-up of any remaining 
obligations under the prepetition ABL Facility on a final basis.  
18. 
Second, the Ad Hoc Group, has agreed to backstop a new $2.6 billion delayed draw 
term loan debtor-in-possession financing facility (the “SGUS DIP Facility”),3 which consists of 
(i) $1 billion of new money first out term loans available in three draws, (ii) up to $808 million in 
second out loans as a cashless roll-up of prepetition SPV Notes (as defined herein) and (iii) up to 
 
3   The SGUS DIP Facility will be governed by that certain Superpriority Senior Secured Debtor-in-Possession 
Credit Agreement, by and among SGUS, the other Debtors guarantors thereto, the lenders party thereto, and U.S. 
Bank Trust Company, National Association, in its capacity as administrative agent and collateral agent (as it may 
be amended, the “SGUS DIP Credit Agreement”). 
Case 26-90103   Document 17   Filed in TXSB on 01/14/26   Page 8 of 63

=== page 9 ===
9 
$751 million of third out DIP loans (the “SGUS Third Out DIP Loans”) to be used by Debtor 
SGUS to purchase participation interests in the prepetition 2O Notes (as defined herein). The 
SGUS DIP Facility is paired with a commitment of $500 million in exit financing which will help 
ensure the Global Debtors have a solid path forward following their exit from these cases. All 
holders of SPV Notes will be permitted to participate in the SGUS DIP Facility on a final basis, 
and may roll-up certain of their SPV Notes following a final DIP hearing, in accordance with a 
declining schedule.  
19. 
Third, Debtor SGUS will use the proceeds of the SGUS DIP Facility to fund a 
$1.75 billion intercompany debtor-in-possession facility (the “OpCo DIP Facility,” and together 
with the SGUS DIP Facility and the ABL DIP Facility, the “DIP Facilities”) to Debtor SGE, as 
borrower, which will provide for (a) delayed draw term loans of up to $1 billion in principal 
amount from Debtor SGUS, in accordance with the terms of the OpCo DIP Facility, and (b) a 
cashless roll-up of up to approximately $395 million in principal amount of the FILO Onloan and 
$357 million in principal amount of the NPC Onloan (each defined below), which are prepetition 
intercompany loans among SGUS to SGE. A chart summarizing the DIP Facilities is below: 
Case 26-90103   Document 17   Filed in TXSB on 01/14/26   Page 9 of 63

=== page 10 ===
10 
SAKS GLOBAL DIP FACILITY SUMMARIES4 
DIP FACILITY 
DESCRIPTION 
NEW MONEY 
AMOUNT 
INTERIM ROLL-UP 
AMOUNT 
FINAL ROLL-UP 
AMOUNT5 
PARTICIPATION 
ABL DIP 
Facility 
$1.5 billion 
revolving facility 
Estimated 
$240 million 
incremental 
availability over 
prepetition ABL 
Facility 
Dollar for dollar 
creeping roll-up of 
amounts loaned in the 
interim period  
$56.6 million in letters 
of credit 
$442.16 million in 
revolving loans 
$56.6 million in letters 
of credit 
 
 
 
First Out 
Second Out 
Third Out 
SGUS DIP 
Facility 
$2.6 billion term 
loan 
Interim: 
$400 million 
Final: $600 million 
 
Total: $1 billion 
Roll-Up: 
Up to $359 million in 
SPV Notes 
 
Roll-Up: 
Up to $808 million in 
SPV Notes (inclusive 
of interim) 
 
Participation:6 
Up to $751 million 
in 2O Notes 
Intercompany DIP Facility 
OpCo DIP 
Facility 
$1.75 billion 
intercompany 
facility7 
 
Interim: 
$400 million 
Final: $600 million 
 
 
Total: $1 billion 
$395 million of 
prepetition FILO 
Onloan 
$357 million of NPC 
Onloan 
Total: $752 million 
 
Same as Interim 
 
 
20. 
With these chapter 11 cases, and the funding provided by the DIP Facilities, 
including the exit commitment under the SGUS DIP Facility, the Global Debtors will have the 
tools they need to right-size their capital structure and provide enhanced liquidity, which in turn 
will best position the Global Debtors to maximize value for all partners and stakeholders and 
become a stronger and better partner to vendors going forward. 
21. 
In the meantime, Saks Global is operating in the ordinary course during the chapter 
11 cases with the substantial new financing made available to it to honor go-forward commitments 
 
4  
Dollar amounts are approximate. 
 
5  
Includes the interim roll-up amounts. 
 
6  
During the interim period, SGUS will purchase up to $750,734,021.23 of participation interests in the 2O Notes 
held by the lenders under the SGUS DIP Facility through the issuance of an equal amount of SGUS Third Out 
DIP Loans, which shall be used to purchase the participations at face amount. 
 
7  
$1 billion new money received from the SGUS DIP Facility will be lent from Debtor SGUS to Debtor SGE 
through the OpCo DIP Facility. 
Case 26-90103   Document 17   Filed in TXSB on 01/14/26   Page 10 of 63

=== page 11 ===
11 
to its brand partners and other vendors, and support the business operations of its three major 
brands, allowing it to meet evolving customer expectations into the future.  
22. 
Part I of this Declaration provides background with respect to the Company’s 
corporate history and operations, Part II provides an overview of the Debtors’ prepetition capital 
structure, Part III describes the circumstances leading to these chapter 11 cases and the Debtors’ 
reorganization efforts, and Part IV sets forth the relevant facts in support of the First Day Motions. 
Part I: Corporate History and Operations 
23. 
As noted above, the Company is the largest multi-brand luxury retailer in the world, 
comprising Saks Fifth Avenue, Saks OFF 5TH, Neiman Marcus, Neiman Marcus Last Call, 
Bergdorf Goodman and Horchow. The Company’s retail portfolio includes approximately 70 full-
line luxury locations, additional off-price locations and five distinct e-commerce experiences. 
a. 
Retail Brands. 
i. 
Saks Fifth Avenue and Saks OFF 5TH. 
24. 
Saks Fifth Avenue (“Saks”) is a leading destination for luxury fashion, driven by a 
mission to help customers express themselves through relevant and inspiring style. The first Saks 
store opened in Washington, D.C. in 1867 and, in 1902, the first New York City location opened 
in Herald Square. When customers moved uptown, so did Saks: on September 15, 1924, Saks Fifth 
Avenue was born, opening its flagship store on 50th Street and Fifth Avenue and becoming the 
first large retailer to operate in what was then primarily a residential district of Manhattan. Since 
then, Saks has established a coast-to-coast presence, currently operating 33 locations across North 
America. Saks also evolved to meet demand as luxury shoppers started to move online, 
establishing Saks.com in the year 2000 and reorienting its business around the e-commerce 
experience in the following years. The Saks Fifth Avenue experience combines an emphasis on e-
Case 26-90103   Document 17   Filed in TXSB on 01/14/26   Page 11 of 63

=== page 12 ===
12 
commerce with a strong connection to a network of extraordinary physical locations across the 
U.S., featuring an expertly curated assortment of fashion and highly personalized customer service. 
25. 
The Company has also proven to be a leader in off-price luxury. In 1992, due to 
growing consumer demand, Saks piloted its original off-price experience, an outlet store in 
Franklin Mills, Pennsylvania called “Saks Clearinghouse.” After the model proved successful, the 
Company expanded the concept and launched Saks OFF 5TH in 1995. In 2013, Saks OFF 5TH 
launched SaksOFF5TH.com, offering a broad assortment of goods across all categories and 
operating as a true off price retailer buying merchandise from across the fashion and retail industry. 
Today, Saks OFF 5TH is an established destination for luxury off-price fashion. In 81 stores8 
across the U.S. and online at SaksOFF5TH.com, the business offers an assortment of high-end 
designers at accessible prices. 
ii. 
Saks OFF 5TH Digital. 
26. 
In 2021, Saks OFF 5TH’s e-commerce business (“SO5 Digital”) entered into a 
series of agreements that resulted in the SO5 Digital Debtors effectively operating as a standalone 
company within the broader Saks corporate group. The SO5 Digital Debtors, which have their own 
capital structure and governance, are approximately 80% owned by Saks Global, with the 
remaining equity owned by funds affiliated with Insight Partners. Notwithstanding the separate 
capital structure, certain operations of the SO5 Digital Debtors remain consolidated within one or 
more of the Global Debtors. Consequently, from time to time in the ordinary course of business, 
the Global Debtors make certain payments for the benefit of, or allocable to, the SO5 Digital 
Debtors for which the SO5 Digital Debtors remit reimbursement to the applicable Global Debtor.  
 
8  
This includes four stores that are currently dark. 
Case 26-90103   Document 17   Filed in TXSB on 01/14/26   Page 12 of 63

=== page 13 ===
13 
27. 
As described in the Hede Declaration, in light of potential conflicts between the 
SO5 Digital Debtors and the Global Debtors (including with respect to potential intercompany 
claims), I have been informed that the SO5 Digital Debtors implemented revised governance and 
professional structures to ensure that their interests are independently represented in these chapter 
11 cases. On December 31, 2025, the SO5 Digital Debtors appointed Gary Begeman as 
Independent Director to oversee their cases and ensure that decisions are made in the best interests 
of the SO5 Digital Debtors and their stakeholders. It is also my understanding that the SO5 Digital 
Debtors authorized Mr. Begeman to independently evaluate and address any matters in which the 
interests of the SO5 Digital Debtors may diverge from those of the Global Debtors. Further, the 
SO5 Digital Debtors separately retained Andrew Hede as their chief restructuring officer, with Mr. 
Hede reporting directly to the Independent Director. The SO5 Digital Debtors have also retained 
Accordion Partners, LLC (where Mr. Hede is the President, Business Transformation & 
Transactions) to act as financial advisor on matters where there may be conflicts among the Global 
Debtors and the SO5 Digital Debtors, or on matters where it may be more efficient to use their 
services as financial advisor. The SO5 Digital Debtors retained Bradley Arant Boult Cummings 
LLP as independent general bankruptcy counsel. 
28. 
The SO5 Digital Debtors filed chapter 11 petitions concurrently with the Global 
Debtors and are seeking to jointly administer their chapter 11 cases with the chapter 11 cases of 
the Global Debtors. However, certain of the relief requested in the First Day Motions shall apply 
only to the SO5 Digital Debtors, as further described below and in the Hede Declaration. 
iii. 
Neiman Marcus. 
29. 
Innovation has been at the forefront of Neiman Marcus since the opening of its first 
store in Dallas, Texas in 1907. The first Neiman Marcus store aimed to launch a concept featuring 
ready-to-wear fashion over custom-made creations, which were favored at the time. The founders’ 
Case 26-90103   Document 17   Filed in TXSB on 01/14/26   Page 13 of 63

=== page 14 ===
14 
unique vision brought new designers to a mass market and made Neiman Marcus a gateway to 
high fashion. Neiman Marcus is a pioneer in customer loyalty programs, and one of the first 
retailers to offer a gift card.  It embraced an integrated omnichannel selling model that defied 
conventional wisdom about “digital pure plays” vs. “brick and mortar” to set the standard for what 
exceptional service across both platforms could be. 
30. 
Today, Neiman Marcus is a leading luxury retailer serving customers across 36 
stores well-placed in top markets across the country, via its integrated digital platforms, and 
through its network of highly trained selling associates, who offer both in store and remote selling 
services, as well as its five Neiman Marcus Last Call clearance locations.9 Neiman Marcus has a 
highly loyal customer base and is known for its exceptional customer service and immersive luxury 
experiences, including large-scale exclusives and store-takeover events, the Neiman Marcus 
Awards, its beloved annual holiday Fantasy Gifts collections, and other seasonal campaigns.  
iv. 
Bergdorf Goodman. 
31. 
Bergdorf Goodman represents the global pinnacle of style, service and modern 
luxury. The store traces its roots back to a tailor’s shop established in Manhattan in 1899 by 
Herman Bergdorf and later joined by his apprentice Edwin Goodman, who ultimately bought 
Bergdorf’s interest in the business. By 1914, Goodman had become the first couturier in Manhattan 
to introduce ready-to-wear attire, making Bergdorf Goodman a destination for American and 
French fashion. In 1972, the Goodman family sold Bergdorf Goodman to what would become the 
Carter Hawley Hale Stores (which owned Neiman Marcus at the time), with the two brands being 
spun off into the Neiman Marcus Group in 1987.  
 
9  
Neiman Marcus also previously owned a minority ownership interest in Fashionphile Group, LLC an e-commerce 
company focused on pre-owned ultra-luxury handbags and accessories, which it sold in December 2025. 
Case 26-90103   Document 17   Filed in TXSB on 01/14/26   Page 14 of 63

=== page 15 ===
15 
32. 
Bergdorf Goodman’s renowned location on Fifth Avenue and 58th Street, along 
with the Bergdorf Goodman Men’s Store across the avenue, continue to embody the pinnacle of 
luxury shopping destinations for discerning customers around the world. On the e-commerce front, 
BG.com expands on Bergdorf Goodman’s heritage, showcasing coveted collections for men and 
women in an unparalleled online shopping experience. 
v. 
Horchow. 
33. 
Horchow is a home furnishings retailer that has been dedicated to bringing 
customers unique, high-quality furniture, fine linens, and unique décor since 1973. Horchow was 
founded by Roger Horchow in 1973 as the first luxury mail-order catalog without a brick-and-
mortar store, and was acquired by Neiman Marcus Group in 1988. Today, the Company conducts 
Horchow operations through its e-commerce platform, horchow.com.  
b. 
Corporate History. 
34. 
In 2013, HBC, then a publicly-traded company led by Richard Baker, acquired Saks 
Incorporated (the predecessor to Saks Global). The merger reflected the companies’ focus on how 
the strategic interplay between the luxury retail industry and real estate would create substantial 
value. Following the acquisition, HBC and Saks Global were impacted by the macro-economic 
trends faced by other brick-and-mortar retailers, such as the shift to online commerce and the 
decline in foot traffic in physical stores. Due to the company’s continued underperformance, HBC 
consummated a take-private transaction in March 2020, shortly before temporary store closures 
arising from the COVID-19 pandemic impacted the entire retail industry.  
35. 
As the retail industry navigated the COVID-19 pandemic and its aftermath, 
between 2020 and 2024, HBC and Saks Global were reorganized under the same ownership, with 
HBC, Saks and Saks OFF 5TH physical locations financed as a single credit group. During this 
time period, the Saks e-commerce business, like the SO5 Digital Debtors, effectively operated as 
Case 26-90103   Document 17   Filed in TXSB on 01/14/26   Page 15 of 63

=== page 16 ===
16 
a standalone company within the broader Saks corporate group, and was financed as a separate 
credit group during this period. The Saks.com business platform and operations were reintegrated 
into the Saks Global credit group beginning in December 2024. During this time, unforeseen 
challenges in the Canadian market impacted HBC’s ability to invest in the Saks stores. This 
negatively impacted inventory receipts at both Saks and Saks.com. As described in further detail 
below, in late 2024, Saks Global acquired Neiman Marcus Group and the combined companies 
established a separate capital structure from HBC. The combination of the companies created a 
$7 billion portfolio of well-located retail real estate assets in top-tier luxury shopping destinations. 
In early 2025, amid inflation, rising interest rates, tariff-related uncertainty that disrupted liquidity 
discussions with potential lenders, and the lingering decline in foot traffic driven by post-COVID 
shifts in downtown occupancy and reduced in-person work near flagship stores, HBC filed 
proceedings in Canada under the Companies’ Creditors Arrangement Act and ultimately 
commenced liquidation in 2025. 
c. 
Neiman Marcus Acquisition. 
36. 
On December 23, 2024, Saks Global consummated the acquisition of Neiman 
Marcus Group, for a total enterprise value of $2.7 billion (the “Acquisition”). Subsequent to the 
Acquisition, the retail operations of the Neiman Marcus, Bergdorf Goodman and Last Call 
businesses were consolidated into Saks Global. In conjunction with the Acquisition, Saks Global 
raised capital from the issuance of new equity and debt, including $275 million in seller financing, 
a new $1.8 billion asset-based revolving credit facility and new senior secured notes in an 
aggregate principal amount of $2.2 billion. New equity investors at the time of the Acquisition 
included Amazon, Authentic Brands Group and Salesforce. The proceeds of the new debt and 
equity issuances were used to finance the Acquisition, repay existing indebtedness of Saks Global 
and the Neiman Marcus Group, and pay costs associated with the Acquisition. 
Case 26-90103   Document 17   Filed in TXSB on 01/14/26   Page 16 of 63

=== page 17 ===
17 
d. 
Real Estate Portfolio. 
37. 
The Company utilizes both owned and leased properties in its operations. The 
Company owns or controls ground leases, either entirely or with joint venture partners, on 39 retail 
properties located throughout the United States comprising more than 5.5 million square feet of 
gross leasable area. The owned and ground leased real estate portfolio is concentrated in top 
metropolitan regions with high population density and higher than average household income, and 
includes the Saks Fifth Avenue New York City flagship, which is recognized as one of the world’s 
premier luxury department stores. 
38. 
The Company is partners in a real estate joint venture (the “HBS JV”) with Simon 
Property Group Inc. and other third-party investors. The HBS JV holds 31 properties in the United 
States, and Saks Global currently owns approximately 62.4% of the equity interests in the HBS 
JV. Each property is held in a separate special purpose entity which operates as landlord. Each of 
the properties contributed by the Company to the HBS JV has been leased back to the Company 
pursuant to portfolio operating leases, with an initial term of 20 years with five six-year extension 
options. Certain of the fee and leasehold interests owned by the HBS JV secure a real estate loan 
in an aggregate outstanding principal amount of approximately $428.1 million (the “HBS CMBS 
Loan”), which has been securitized. The real estate loans and the rest of the Debtors’ capital 
structure is described in further detail below. 
39. 
The Saks Fifth Avenue flagship building and land is owned by non-Debtor affiliate 
Saks Flagship Real Property LLC and is subject to a $1.25 billion mortgage loan which has been 
securitized. The Saks Fifth Avenue flagship building has been ground leased by 12 East 49th Street 
LLC, as tenant. 
40. 
As part of its restructuring, the Company is evaluating its operational footprint to 
ensure it is well-positioned to invest in areas that present the greatest opportunities for sustainable, 
Case 26-90103   Document 17   Filed in TXSB on 01/14/26   Page 17 of 63

=== page 18 ===
18 
long-term growth for its luxury retail brands and partners. By strategically optimizing its footprint 
and sharpening its focus on luxury retail, the Global Debtors will be well-positioned to uphold 
their iconic legacy. On the Petition Date, the Global Debtors are seeking to reject certain leases 
related to “dark stores,” locations that the Company has not operated out of for some time. These 
rejections will have no impact on employees or day-to-day operations. 
41. 
A summary of the Debtors’ owned real estate portfolio is as follows: 10 
 
42. 
In total, including both owned and leased properties, the Company operates (a) 33 
Saks Fifth Avenue stores, with an aggregate total property size of approximately 4,362,303 square 
feet, (b) 81 Saks Off 5TH stores, with an aggregate total property size of approximately 2,394,818 
square feet, (c) 36 Neiman Marcus stores, with an aggregate total property size of approximately 
5,240,913 square feet, (d) two Bergdorf Goodman stores, both of which are located in Manhattan 
at 58th Street and Fifth Avenue, and (e) 5 Last Call stores in three states that range from 
 
10  The Company’s real estate operations also include Streetworks Development, a property development firm that 
creates multi-use environments.  
Case 26-90103   Document 17   Filed in TXSB on 01/14/26   Page 18 of 63

=== page 19 ===
19 
approximately 15,000 to 45,000 square feet each in size. In addition, the Company utilizes various 
distribution, support and office facilities to support store and online operations. 
e. 
Axonic Pledge. 
43. 
In 2021, an affiliate of Axonic Coinvest II, LP (“Axonic”) purchased certain HBS 
CMBS Loan bonds issued by Hudson’s Bay Simon JV Trust 2015 HBS. In connection with this 
purchase, an affiliate of Axonic and certain Global Debtors entered into several agreements, which 
have since been amended, including (i) Holdco II and SGE each having entered into an Amended 
and Restated Conditional Bond Purchase Agreement, made on March 18, 2021 (as amended from 
time to time, collectively, the “CBUPAs”) with AXONIC Credit Opportunities Master Fund, LP 
(predecessor in interest to Axonic); (ii) various Global Debtors, including Holdco II, having 
entered into an Amended and Restated Investment Structuring Agreement, dated as of March 18, 
2021 (as amended from time to time, the “2024 A&R ISA”) with Axonic Capital LLC; (iii) various 
Global Debtors, including Holdco II, having entered into an Amended and Restated Guaranty, 
dated as of March 18, 2021 (as amended, the “2024 Holdco II Guaranty”); and (iv) Holdco II 
having entered into the Amended and Restated Pledge Agreement, as of March 18, 2021, whereby 
Holdco II pledged the equity of 12 East 49th Street LLC to secure the guarantees made by Holdco 
II under the 2024 A&R Holdco II Guaranty. 
44. 
The CBPAs provided Axonic with the ability to require SGE or Holdco II to 
purchase certain bonds (which are more fully described in the CBPAs) at specified times and for 
specified prices (the “Put”). The Put originally became exercisable on March 14, 2024, but has 
been extended several times to October 31, 2025. Axonic received at least $5.5 million in exchange 
for such extensions.  Even prior to October 31, 2025, the Global Debtors have been in discussions 
with Axonic regarding a further one-year extension of the Put. In connection with these 
negotiations, the Global Debtors paid Axonic $12 million. On December 15, 2025, Axonic agreed 
Case 26-90103   Document 17   Filed in TXSB on 01/14/26   Page 19 of 63

=== page 20 ===
20 
to forbear from exercising the Put until January 31, 2026, provided (i) the Global Debtors paid an 
additional $13 million that was part of the extension agreement that was then being negotiated, (ii) 
the parties continued to negotiate in good faith, (iii) none of the parties to the Put or Investment 
Structuring Agreements, or their affiliates, had filed for bankruptcy, and (iv) there was no default 
under the HBS CMBS Loan. Thereafter, the Debtors paid Axonic the additional $13 million and 
continued to engage in good faith negotiations regarding the terms of extending the Put for one 
year.   
45. 
Even so, despite the continued good faith negotiations, and presumably as a result 
of rumors that the Debtors would be filing for bankruptcy, on January 7, 2026, Axonic sent a notice 
to certain of the Debtors, including Holdco II, purporting to exercise its rights under the Put.  
Axonic’s notice asserted a right to elect to sell one of the series of bonds, with a purported 
settlement date of January 9, 2026. The Debtors responded to Axonic, asserting that the purported 
exercise of the Put was in breach of the forbearance agreement and therefore invalid. Nonetheless, 
Axonic refused to withdraw the purported exercise of the Put, notwithstanding its agreement to 
forbear.  It is the Debtors’ position that the Put was not properly exercised and is null and void and 
that Axonic is stayed from exercising the Put and taking any action in connection therewith. Absent 
a consensual resolution to the foregoing, the Debtors will bring an adversary proceeding seeking, 
among other things, a declaratory judgment that the Put notice is invalid and a determination that 
Axonic breached the forbearance agreement by purporting to exercise the Put, and damages in 
connection with the foregoing. 
Case 26-90103   Document 17   Filed in TXSB on 01/14/26   Page 20 of 63

=== page 21 ===
21 
f. 
Commercial and Joint Venture Arrangements. 
i. 
Authentic Brands. 
46. 
The Company is also party to a joint venture with Authentic Brands, the owner of 
more than 50 global brands such as Reebok, Champion and Nautica.11 The Company and 
Authentic Brands each own 50% of the equity of the joint venture, Authentic Luxury Group LLC 
(“ALG”), which collects royalties from sales of products and services using the Saks Fifth Avenue, 
Saks OFF 5TH, Neiman Marcus and Bergdorf Goodman brands (excluding the use of those brands 
in connection with the operation of retail stores in the United States and Canada, as well as the 
Saks, Neiman Marcus and Bergdorf Goodman e-commerce businesses globally) as well as several 
brands under the control of Authentic Brands. The Global Debtors also agreed to certain purchase 
commitments for wholesale purchases of products from Authentic Brands’ third-party licensees of 
certain brands under Authentic Brands’ control and ALG’s sublicensees of Saks Global’s brands. 
If there is a shortfall in the annual purchase commitment, Saks Global may cure the shortfall by 
making a cash payment equal to 10% of the shortfall.  
47. 
Certain agreements state that, upon certain triggers, including the bankruptcy filing 
of certain of the Global Debtors, Authentic Brands’ preferred equity in Saks Global Investor L.P. 
will be exchangeable for newly-issued equity in ALG (which would dilute the Company’s existing 
equity in ALG). The Company’s equity in ALG is not pledged as collateral under the Debtors’ 
indebtedness. 
 
11  In connection with the transaction underlying the joint venture, the Global Debtors transferred intellectual 
property related to Saks, Saks Fifth Avenue, Saks OFF 5TH, Neiman Marcus and Bergdorf Goodman brands to 
certain subsidiaries that are not guarantors on the Debtors’ funded debt. ALG licenses these brands from these 
non-Debtor subsidiaries. Neither these entities, nor the entities comprising the joint venture described in this 
paragraph, are Debtors. 
 
Case 26-90103   Document 17   Filed in TXSB on 01/14/26   Page 21 of 63

=== page 22 ===
22 
ii. 
Amazon. 
48. 
Certain Global Debtors are party to a prepetition commercial agreement with 
Amazon to maintain a new “Saks on Amazon” virtual storefront, which launched in April 2025. 
The partnership combines Saks’ luxury fashion expertise with Amazon’s expertise in delivering a 
technology-driven, highly convenient shopping experience to a broader audience. As part of this 
arrangement, SGE is required to pay referral fees to Amazon, and, in certain circumstances, SGE 
must make true-up payments to Amazon for any shortfalls in such referral fees based on certain 
annual minimum amounts up to an aggregate of $900 million over eight years.  
g. 
Merchandising and Revenue Generation. 
49. 
Saks Global generates revenue mainly from sales of luxury merchandise through 
its stores and e-commerce operations, primarily through (i) sales of owned merchandise purchased 
at wholesale prices across an assortment of brand partners, (ii) sales of consigned merchandise, 
(iii) a percentage of revenue from in-store concessions from brands that sell their inventory 
through Saks Global’s “shop in shop” model, and (iv) a percentage of revenue from merchandise 
sold through Saks Global’s e-commerce platforms and shipped directly from its brand partners. 
Consignment and concessions have remained comparatively robust in recent periods, 
demonstrating that where inventory is available, customer traffic remains healthy. The core 
constraint has been owned inventory flow driven by declining liquidity and vendor credit 
considerations. 
50. 
The foundation of Saks Global’s retail business model is supported by its ability to 
efficiently acquire and retain customers. Once customers have made a purchase, they demonstrate 
a propensity to purchase more over time. Saks Global focuses on driving higher customer lifetime 
values by providing not only a compelling product assortment, but also by providing a 
differentiated shopping experience and elevated level of service. Saks Global also has proprietary 
Case 26-90103   Document 17   Filed in TXSB on 01/14/26   Page 22 of 63

=== page 23 ===
23 
credit card programs through which credit is extended to customers and Saks Global receives 
payments based on sales transacted on those credit cards. 
h. 
Employees. 
51. 
As of the Petition Date, the Debtors employed approximately 14,610 full-time 
employees and 2,220 part-time employees. Each of the Debtors’ business units employs a mix of 
full-time and part-time employees. The Debtors also hire seasonal in-store associates during peak 
seasons (such as the holiday shopping season), which provides the Debtors with greater workforce 
flexibility and allows the Debtors to address busier periods. The Debtors have a small number of 
unionized employees and are party to seven (7) collective bargaining agreements. 
Part II: Prepetition Capital Structure 
52. 
As of the Petition Date, the Global Debtors have approximately $3.4 billion in 
prepetition funded debt obligations, consisting of the following:12 
a. 
approximately $275 million13 in aggregate principal amount outstanding 
under a senior secured term loan facility arising from seller financing in 
connection with the Acquisition (the “ TopCo Debt”); 
b. 
approximately $442.16 million in aggregate principal amount of loans, not 
including the face amount of issued and undrawn letters of credit, 
outstanding under a senior secured asset-based revolving credit facility (the 
“ABL Facility”); 
c. 
approximately $762.5 million in aggregate principal amount outstanding of 
SPV Notes (as defined below), issued in June and August 2025, the 
proceeds of which were lent to SGE in the form of intercompany loans; 
 
12  This summary describes the debt obligations of the Debtors, and does not reference debt obligations of non-
Debtor affiliates, including the CMBS loan associated with the flagship property (totaling approximately $1.25 
billion) and the CMBS loan associated with the HBS JV (totaling approximately $428.1 million as of January 1, 
2026).  
 
13  The TopCo Debt is approximately $310 million, inclusive of paid-in-kind interest. As described below, the 
obligors under the TopCo Debt are certain parent entities of Holdings and SGE. Holdings and SGE and their 
subsidiaries are not obligors under the TopCo Debt. 
Case 26-90103   Document 17   Filed in TXSB on 01/14/26   Page 23 of 63

=== page 24 ===
24 
d. 
approximately $1.4 billion in aggregate principal amount outstanding of 2O 
Notes (as defined below), issued in connection with the Exchange 
Transaction;  
e. 
approximately $440.8 million in aggregate principal amount outstanding of 
3O Notes (as defined below) issued in connection with the Exchange 
Transaction; and 
f. 
approximately $51.2 million in aggregate principal amount outstanding of 
Old Notes (as defined below) (together with the 3O Notes and the 2O Notes, 
the “Opco Notes”). 
53. 
The following table summarizes the Global Debtors’ outstanding borrowings, 
which are described in further detail below:  
Facility 
Maturity Date 
Outstanding Principal 
Amount (Approximate) 
TopCo Debt 
February 3, 2026 
$275 million14 
ABL Facility 
December 23, 2029 
$442.16 million15 
SPV Notes 
December 15, 2029 
$762.5 million 
2O Notes 
December 15, 2029 
$1.4 billion 
3O Notes 
December 15, 2029 
$440.8 million 
Old Notes 
December 15, 2029 
$51.2 million 
Total: 
$3.4 billion 
 
 
54. 
A corporate structure chart is attached hereto, which sets forth the legal entities 
obligated on the debt facilities.  
a. 
TopCo Debt. 
55. 
In connection with the consummation of the Acquisition, then-holders of equity 
interests in Neiman Marcus Group, as lenders, agreed to permit the Debtors to defer payment of a 
portion of the purchase price, ultimately providing term loans in the original principal amount of 
$275 million (which amount is subject to adjustment in connection with certain purchase price 
adjustments relating to the Acquisition) to Debtor Mercury Aggregator L.P. (“Mercury”) for the 
 
14  Inclusive of paid-in-kind interest, the TopCo Debt is approximately $310 million. 
 
15  This amount does not include $56.6 million in face amount of issued but undrawn letters of credit. 
Case 26-90103   Document 17   Filed in TXSB on 01/14/26   Page 24 of 63

=== page 25 ===
25 
purpose of financing the deferred payment. The term loan is governed by that certain Credit 
Agreement, dated as of December 23, 2024 (as amended, amended and restated, supplemented, or 
otherwise modified, refinanced, or replaced from time to time prior to the Petition Date, the 
“TopCo Credit Agreement”), by and among Mercury, as borrower, Debtor Mercury Aggregator 
Holdco LLC, a Delaware limited liability company (“Mercury Holdings”), as holdings, Debtor 
HBSFA Holdings Ltd., a Canadian limited company (“Mercury Holdings Canada”), as Canadian 
holdings, the other guarantors party thereto, the lenders party thereto from time to time (the 
“TopCo Lenders”), and GLAS USA LLC, as administrative agent (the “TopCo Agent”).  
56. 
The TopCo Debt matures on February 3, 2026. Mercury Holdings, Mercury 
Holdings Canada, and Debtor HBC GP IV LLC, a Bermuda exempted limited liability company 
(“HBC GP IV”), guarantee the TopCo Debt. The TopCo Debt is secured by substantially all 
personal property of Mercury, Mercury Holdings, Mercury Holdings Canada and HBC GP IV, 
including pledges of the equity interests owned by these entities. 
57. 
Pursuant to the Springing Guaranty, dated as of December 23, 2024 (the “Springing 
Guaranty”), made by Lisa and Richard Baker Enterprises, LLC, a Delaware limited liability 
company (“LARBE”), in favor of the TopCo Agent, LARBE agreed to guarantee the TopCo Debt 
on a non-recourse contingent basis. The obligations of LARBE under the Springing Guaranty are 
limited to an aggregate amount not to exceed $100 million. 
b. 
ABL Facility. 
58. 
SGE, as borrower, Saks Global Holdings LLC (“Holdings”), as Holdings, the other 
guarantors party thereto (the “Opco Subsidiary Guarantors”),16 the lenders party thereto from time 
 
16  “Opco Subsidiary Guarantors” include the following, all of which are Debtors: Saks Fifth Avenue Holdings 
Inc., a Delaware corporation; SFA Holdings Inc., a Tennessee corporation; Saks & Company LLC, a Delaware 
limited liability company; Saks Fifth Avenue LLC, a Massachusetts limited liability company; Saks Direct, LLC, 
a Delaware limited liability company; Merchandise Credit, LLC, a Virginia limited liability company; SCCA 
Case 26-90103   Document 17   Filed in TXSB on 01/14/26   Page 25 of 63

=== page 26 ===
26 
to time (the “ABL Lenders”), and Bank of America, N.A., as administrative agent and collateral 
agent (in such capacities, the “ABL Agent”), are party to that certain ABL Credit Agreement, dated 
as of December 23, 2024 (as amended, amended and restated, supplemented, or otherwise 
modified, refinanced, or replaced from time to time prior to the Petition Date, the “ABL Credit 
Agreement”). The ABL Credit Agreement provides for the ABL Facility with prepetition 
commitments in an aggregate principal amount of $1.8 billion (with borrowing capacity subject to 
borrowing base availability). Holdings and the Opco Subsidiary Guarantors guarantee the ABL 
Facility. The ABL Facility matures on December 23, 2029.17 
 
Store Holdings Real Property LLC, a Delaware limited liability company; Saks Richmond Real Property LLC, a 
Delaware limited liability company; Saks Fifth Avenue Real Property LLC, Delaware limited liability company; 
Saks Columbus Real Property LLC, Delaware limited liability company; Saks & Company Real Property LLC, 
a Delaware limited liability company; HBC Gaithersburg LLC, a Delaware limited liability company; HBC 
Sterling LLC; a Delaware limited liability company; HBC Woodbridge LLC, a Delaware limited liability 
company; HBC Victor LLC, a Delaware limited liability company; HBC Steele LLC, a Delaware limited liability 
company; Saks.com LLC, a Delaware limited liability company; Saks.com Holdings LLC, a Delaware limited 
liability company; Saks.com Midco Partner Inc., a Delaware corporation; Saks Cloud Services LLC, a Delaware 
limited liability company; LT Parent Propco LLC, a Delaware limited liability company; LT Propco LLC, a 
Delaware limited liability company; HBC Digital LLC, a Delaware limited liability company; HBC Digital 
Holdings Inc., a Delaware corporation; Saks Partner Inc., a Delaware corporation; NMG Parent, LLC, a Delaware 
limited liability company; NMG Intermediate, LLC, a Delaware limited liability company; NMG Holding 
Company, Inc., a Delaware corporation; The Neiman Marcus Group LLC, a Delaware limited liability company; 
Bergdorf Goodman LLC, a Delaware limited liability company; Bergdorf Graphics, Inc., a New York corporation; 
NEMA Beverage Corporation, a Texas corporation; NEMA Beverage Holding Corporation, a Texas corporation; 
NEMA Beverage Parent Corporation, a Texas corporation; NM Financial Services, Inc., a Delaware corporation; 
NMG Interco LLC, a Delaware limited liability company; NMGP, LLC, a Virginia limited liability company; 
NM Bermuda, LLC, a Delaware limited liability company; NMG California Salon LLC, a California limited 
liability company; NMG Florida Salon LLC, a Florida limited liability company; NMG Global Mobility, Inc., a 
Delaware corporation; NMG Notes PropCo LLC, a Delaware limited liability company; NMG Salon Holdings 
LLC, a Delaware limited liability company; NMG Salons LLC, a Delaware limited liability company; NMG 
Term Loan PropCo LLC, a Delaware limited liability company; NMG Texas Salon LLC, a Texas limited liability 
company; Saks (EU) Manhattan Blocker Inc., a Delaware corporation; Saks (Cayman) Manhattan Blocker Inc., 
a Delaware corporation; Saks Manhattan (Blocker) Holdings L.P.; a Delaware limited partnership; HBC US 
Propco Holdings LLC, a Delaware limited liability company; and HBS Leasehold LLC, a Delaware limited 
liability company. 
 
17  Provided that if the maturity date would otherwise occur after the date that is ninety-one (91) days prior to the 
scheduled maturity date set forth in (i) the Opco Notes or any refinancing thereof, (ii) the NPC Onloan or any 
refinancing thereof, (iii) the SPV Notes or any refinancing thereof, (iv) the FILO Onloan or any refinancing 
thereof or (v) the documentation governing any Material Indebtedness (as defined in the ABL Credit Agreement) 
(the “Specified Maturity Date”), the maturity date shall automatically spring forward to the date that is ninety-
one (91) days prior to the scheduled Specified Maturity Date. 
Case 26-90103   Document 17   Filed in TXSB on 01/14/26   Page 26 of 63

=== page 27 ===
27 
59. 
Subject to the terms of the ABL / Notes Intercreditor Agreement (as defined 
herein), SGE’s obligations under the ABL Facility are secured by (a) a first priority lien on all 
ABL Priority Collateral (as defined in the ABL / Notes Intercreditor Agreement) (the “ABL 
Priority Collateral”), and (b) a second priority lien on all Notes / Term Priority Collateral (as 
defined in the ABL / Notes Intercreditor Agreement) (the “Notes / Term Priority Collateral”). In 
addition, subject to the terms of the ABL / FILO Intercreditor Agreement (as defined herein), 
SGE’s obligations under the ABL Facility are secured (x) on a senior basis to the FILO Onloan on 
ABL Priority Collateral and (y) on a junior basis to the FILO Onloan on Notes / Term Priority 
Collateral with respect to an aggregate principal amount of the FILO Onloan not to exceed $300 
million. As of the Petition Date, approximately $442.16 million of principal remains outstanding 
under the ABL Facility, in addition to approximately $56.6 million in face amount of letters of 
credit outstanding. 
c. 
SPV Notes. 
60. 
SGUS, a Delaware limited liability company and wholly-owned subsidiary of SGE, 
as issuer, Citibank N.A., as trustee and collateral agent (in such capacities, the “SPV Trustee”) for 
the benefit of the “Holders” (as defined in the SPV Indenture) (the “SPV Noteholders”) and Holdco 
II are party to that certain Asset Based Indenture, dated as of June 27, 2025 (as amended, restated, 
supplemented, waived, or otherwise modified as of the date hereof, the “SPV Indenture”). On June 
27, 2025, SGUS authorized the issuance of $300.0 million aggregate principal amount of 11.00% 
senior secured asset based notes due 2029 (the “Initial SPV Notes”). In connection with the 
Exchange Transaction, on August 8, 2025, SGUS authorized the issuance of an additional $462.5 
million aggregate principal amount of 11.000% senior secured asset based notes due 2029 (the 
“Additional SPV Notes” and, together with the Initial SPV Notes, the “SPV Notes”). In addition, 
in connection with the Exchange Transaction, Holdco II entered into a supplemental indenture to 
Case 26-90103   Document 17   Filed in TXSB on 01/14/26   Page 27 of 63

=== page 28 ===
28 
the SPV Indenture on August 8, 2025, pursuant to which Holdco II, fully, unconditionally and 
irrevocably guaranteed the SPV Notes up to a maximum guaranteed amount of $200 million. As 
of the Petition Date, approximately $762.5 million of principal remains outstanding under the SPV 
Notes. The SPV Notes mature on December 15, 2029. 
d. 
Opco Notes: 2O Notes, 3O Notes and Old Notes. 
61. 
SGE, as issuer (as successor in interest to SFA Issuer LLC), Holdings, the Opco 
Subsidiary Guarantors, and Citibank, N.A., as trustee (in such capacity, the “Old Trustee”) and as 
collateral agent (in such capacity, the “Notes / Term Collateral Agent”) for the benefit of the 
“Holders” (as defined in the Old Indenture) (the “Old Noteholders”) are party to that certain 
Indenture, dated as of December 16, 2024 (as amended, restated, supplemented, waived, or 
otherwise modified as of the date hereof, the “Old Indenture”). On December 23, 2024, SGE 
assumed $2.2 billion aggregate principal amount of notes (the “Old Notes”) issued under the Old 
Indenture and the Old Notes were guaranteed by Holdings and the Opco Subsidiary Guarantors. 
62. 
In connection with the Exchange Transaction, SGE, as issuer, the Opco Subsidiary 
Guarantors, and Citibank, N.A., as trustee (in such capacity, the “2O / 3O Trustee”) and as Notes 
/ Term Collateral Agent for the benefit of the “Holders” (as defined in the 2O / 3O Indenture) (the 
“2O / 3O Noteholders”) are party to that certain Indenture, dated as of August 8, 2025 (as amended, 
restated, supplemented, waived, or otherwise modified as of the date hereof, the “2O / 3O 
Indenture”). Under the 2O / 3O Indenture, SGE issued (i) $1,439,252,628 in aggregate principal 
amount of second out notes (the “2O Notes”) and (ii) $440,763,140 in aggregate principal amount 
of third out notes (the “3O Notes”).  
63. 
Subject to the terms of the Equal Priority Intercreditor Agreement (as defined 
herein), SGE’s obligations under the Opco Notes are secured on a pari passu basis with its 
obligations under the NPC Onloan. In addition, subject to the terms of the ABL / Notes 
Case 26-90103   Document 17   Filed in TXSB on 01/14/26   Page 28 of 63

=== page 29 ===
29 
Intercreditor Agreement, SGE’s obligations under the Opco Notes are secured by (a) a first priority 
lien on all Notes / Term Priority Collateral and (b) a second priority lien on all ABL Priority 
Collateral. The Opco Notes mature on December 15, 2029. Subject to the terms of the PAA (as 
defined herein), (a) the Opco Notes rank junior in payment priority to the FILO Onloan and the 
NPC Onloan, (b) the 2O Notes rank senior in payment priority to the 3O Notes and the Old Notes, 
(c) the 3O Notes rank junior in payment priority to the 2O Notes and senior in payment priority to 
the Old Notes and (d) the Old Notes are fourth out, and rank junior in payment priority to the 2O 
Notes and the 3O Notes. 
e. 
Intercompany On-Loans. 
i. 
FILO On-Loan. 
64. 
Following the issuance of the SPV Notes by SGUS, SGUS lent an aggregate 
original principal amount of $400 million as an intercompany on-loan (the “FILO Onloan”) to 
SGE under that certain Term Loan Credit Agreement, dated as of June 27, 2025 (as amended, 
amended and restated, supplemented, or otherwise modified, refinanced, or replaced from time to 
time prior to the Petition Date, the “FILO Credit Agreement”) among SGE, as borrower, the Opco 
Subsidiary Guarantors, the lenders party thereto from time to time (the “FILO Lenders”), and 
SGUS, as administrative agent.  
65. 
Subject to the terms of the ABL / Notes Intercreditor Agreement, SGE’s obligations 
under the FILO Credit Agreement are secured by (a) a first priority lien on all ABL Priority 
Collateral and (b) a second priority lien on all Notes / Term Priority Collateral (in each case, other 
than the assets of Holdings). In addition, subject to the terms of the ABL / FILO Intercreditor 
Agreement, SGE’s obligations under the FILO Credit Agreement are secured (x) on a junior basis 
to the ABL Facility on ABL Priority Collateral and (y) on a senior basis to the ABL Facility on 
Notes / Term Priority Collateral with respect to an aggregate principal amount of the FILO Onloan 
Case 26-90103   Document 17   Filed in TXSB on 01/14/26   Page 29 of 63

=== page 30 ===
30 
not to exceed $300 million, and thereafter on a junior basis to the ABL Facility on Notes / Term 
Priority Collateral. Subject to the terms of the PAA (as defined herein), the FILO Onloan (a) ranks 
senior in payment priority to the NPC Onloan for so long as the outstanding aggregate principal 
amount of the FILO Onloan exceeds $300.0 million (in an amount up to such excess), and 
thereafter ranks equal in payment priority to the NPC Onloan and (b) ranks senior in payment 
priority to the Opco Notes. 
ii. 
NPC On-Loan. 
66. 
In addition, following the issuance of the SPV Notes by SGUS, SGUS lent an 
additional aggregate original principal amount of approximately $362.5 million in proceeds as an 
intercompany on-loan (the “NPC Onloan”) to SGE under that certain Term Loan Credit 
Agreement, dated as of August 8, 2025 (as amended, amended and restated, supplemented, or 
otherwise modified, refinanced, or replaced from time to time prior to the Petition Date, the “NPC 
Credit Agreement”), among SGE, as borrower, the Opco Subsidiary Guarantors, the lenders party 
thereto from time to time (the “NPC Lenders”), SGUS, as administrative agent (the “NPC Agent”), 
and the Notes / Term Collateral Agent. 
67. 
Subject to the terms of the Equal Priority Intercreditor Agreement, SGE’s 
obligations under the NPC Onloan are secured on a pari passu basis with its obligations under the 
Opco Notes. In addition, subject to the terms of the ABL / Notes Intercreditor Agreement, SGE’s 
obligations under the NPC Credit Agreement are secured by (a) a first priority lien on all ABL 
Priority Collateral and (b) a second priority lien on all Notes / Term Priority Collateral. Subject to 
the terms of the PAA (as defined herein), the NPC Onloan (a) ranks junior in payment priority to 
the FILO Onloan for so long as the outstanding aggregate principal amount of the FILO Onloan 
exceeds $300 million (in an amount up to such excess), and thereafter ranks equal in payment 
priority to the FILO Onloan and (b) ranks senior in payment priority to the Opco Notes. 
Case 26-90103   Document 17   Filed in TXSB on 01/14/26   Page 30 of 63

=== page 31 ===
31 
f. 
Intercreditor Agreements. 
68. 
ABL / Notes Intercreditor Agreement. The ABL Agent, the Notes / Term Collateral 
Agent, Holdings, SGE and the Opco Subsidiary Guarantors entered into that certain Second 
Amended and Restated Intercreditor Agreement, dated as of August 8, 2025 (as amended, restated, 
supplemented, waived, or otherwise modified from time to time prior to the Petition Date, the 
“ABL / Notes Intercreditor Agreement”). The ABL / Notes Intercreditor Agreement sets forth the 
agreement among the ABL Agent, in its capacity as collateral agent under the ABL Facility and 
FILO Onloan, and the Notes / Term Collateral Agent, in its capacity as collateral agent under the 
Opco Notes and the NPC Onloan, with respect to the priority of liens in the collateral securing the 
ABL Facility and the FILO Onloan, on the one hand, and the Opco Notes and the NPC Onloan, 
on the other hand, and the respective rights and remedies of the various lenders, among other 
things. 
69. 
The Equal Priority Intercreditor Agreement. SGE, Holdings, the Opco Subsidiary 
Guarantors, the NPC Agent, the Notes / Term Collateral Agent, the Old Trustee, and the 2O / 3O 
Trustee entered into that certain Equal Priority Intercreditor Agreement, dated as of August 8, 2025 
(as amended, restated, supplemented, waived, or otherwise modified from time to time prior to the 
Petition Date, the “Equal Priority Intercreditor Agreement”). The Equal Priority Intercreditor 
Agreement sets forth the agreement among the NPC Agent, as Initial First Out Administrative 
Agent (as defined therein) for the Initial First Out Secured Parties (as defined therein), the Notes / 
Term Collateral Agent, as the Initial Notes Collateral Agent (as defined therein) for the Initial 
Notes Secured Parties (as defined therein), the Old Trustee, as the Initial Fourth Out Trustee (as 
defined therein) for the Initial Fourth Out Secured Parties (as defined therein), and the 2O / 3O 
Trustee, as Initial Second Out/Third Out Trustee (as defined therein) for the Initial Second 
Out/Third Out Secured Parties (as defined therein), with respect to the priority of liens in the 
Case 26-90103   Document 17   Filed in TXSB on 01/14/26   Page 31 of 63

=== page 32 ===
32 
collateral securing the NPC Onloan and the Opco Notes, and the respective rights and remedies of 
the various creditors, among other things. 
70. 
Collateral Agency Agreement and Intercreditor Agreement. The ABL Agent and 
the FILO Agent entered into that certain Collateral Agency Agreement and Intercreditor 
Agreement, dated as of June 27, 2025 (as amended, restated, supplemented, waived, or otherwise 
modified from time to time prior to the Petition Date, the “ABL / FILO Intercreditor Agreement”). 
The ABL / FILO Intercreditor Agreement sets forth the agreement between the ABL Agent and 
the FILO Agent with respect to the appointment of the ABL Agent as the collateral agent for the 
FILO Onloan, the priority of liens in the collateral securing the ABL Facility and the FILO Onloan, 
and the respective rights and remedies of the various lenders. 
71. 
Payment Administration Agreement. SGE, Holdings, the Opco Subsidiary 
Guarantors, the FILO Agent, the NPC Agent, the SPV Trustee, the Notes / Term Collateral Agent, 
the 2O / 3O Agent and the Old Agent entered into that certain Payment Administration Agreement, 
dated as of August 8, 2025 (as amended, restated, supplemented, waived, or otherwise modified 
from time to time prior to the Petition Date, the “PAA”). The PAA sets forth the agreement among 
the FILO Agent, as the Initial First Out Administrative Agent (as defined therein) for the Initial 
First Out Secured Parties (as defined therein), the NPC Agent, as the Initial Additional First Out 
Administrative Agent (as defined therein) for the Initial Additional First Out Secured Parties (as 
defined therein), the SPV Trustee, as the SPV Notes Collateral Agent (as defined therein) for the 
SPV Noteholders (as defined therein), the Notes / Term Collateral Agent, as Initial Notes 
Collateral Agent (as defined therein) for the Initial Notes Secured Parties (as defined therein), the 
2O / 3O Trustee, as the Initial Second Out/Third Out Trustee (as defined therein) for the Initial 
Second Out/Third Out Secured Parties (as defined therein) and the Old Agent, as the Initial Fourth 
Case 26-90103   Document 17   Filed in TXSB on 01/14/26   Page 32 of 63

=== page 33 ===
33 
Out Trustee (as defined therein) for the Initial Fourth Out Secured Parties (as defined therein) with 
respect to the priority of payment among the FILO Onloan, the NPC Onloan, the Opco Notes and 
certain indemnification obligations in favor of the SPV Debt, and the respective rights and 
remedies of the various creditors, among other things. 
g. 
LC Facility Obligations. 
72. 
SGE and Evolution Credit Partners (“Evolution”) are party to that certain 
Uncommitted Master Continuing Agreement for Letters of Credit, dated as of October 7, 2025 (as 
amended, amended and restated, supplemented, or otherwise modified, refinanced, or replaced 
from time to time prior to the Petition Date, the “LC Facility Agreement”) solely in connection 
with backstopping certain workers’ compensation insurance obligations. The LC Facility 
Agreement provides for an uncommitted facility under which Evolution may arrange for the 
issuance of standby letters of credit by third-party issuing banks to support SGE. Letters of credit 
in an undrawn face amount of $32,741,098.40 have been issued under the LC Facility Agreement 
as of the Petition Date. The LC Facility Agreement terminates on October 7, 2028.  
h. 
Saks OFF 5TH Term Loan. 
73. 
In addition, certain of the SO5 Digital Debtors have a $20 million term loan (“SO5 
Term Loan”) issued pursuant to that certain Term Loan Credit Agreement, dated as of August 6, 
2021 (as amended, amended and restated, supplemented, or otherwise modified, refinanced, or 
replaced from time to time prior to the Petition Date, the “SO5 Term Credit Agreement”), among 
Saks OFF 5TH LLC, a Delaware limited liability company (“SO5”), as borrower, Saks OFF 5TH 
Holdings LLC, a Delaware limited liability company (“SO5 Holdings”), as holdings, the other 
guarantors party thereto, the lenders party thereto from time to time (the “SO5 Term Lenders”), 
and Callodine Commercial Finance, LLC, as administrative agent and collateral agent (in such 
capacities, the “SO5 Term Agent”). 
Case 26-90103   Document 17   Filed in TXSB on 01/14/26   Page 33 of 63

=== page 34 ===
34 
74. 
The SO5 Term Loan matures on August 6, 2026. SO5 Holdings and Luxury Outlets 
USA, LLC, a Delaware limited liability company, guarantee the SO5 Term Loan. 
75. 
Prior to the Petition Date, SO5 Digital also had a revolving credit facility (the “SO5 
ABL Facility”) in an amount up to $125 million pursuant to that certain Credit Agreement, dated 
as of August 6, 2021 (as amended, amended and restated, supplemented, or otherwise modified, 
refinanced, or replaced from time to time prior to the Petition Date, the “SO5 ABL Credit 
Agreement”), among SO5, as borrower, SO5 Holdings, as holdings, the other guarantors party 
thereto, the lenders party thereto from time to time (the “SO5 ABL Lenders”), and Citibank, N.A., 
as administrative agent and collateral agent (collectively, the “SO5 ABL Agent”).  
76. 
On December 19, 2025, the SO5 ABL Agent placed a new discretionary reserve of 
$7.9 million on the SO5 Digital Debtors’ availability under the facility. On January 6, 2026, the 
SO5 Digital Debtors wired a final payoff totaling $339,240.16, consisting of accrued interest, fees 
and other obligations. As of the Petition Date, the SO5 ABL Facility has been paid in full and 
terminated, and the SO5 Digital Debtors have no continuing obligations thereunder. 
Part III: Circumstances Leading to Chapter 11 and Reorganization Efforts 
77. 
As described above, the Company used $2.2 billion in Old Notes, drawings under 
the ABL Facility, seller financing in the form of the TopCo Debt and a $1.544 billion equity 
contribution to purchase Neiman Marcus and pay down debt owed by both companies in 
connection with the Acquisition. Following the Acquisition, the Company faced immediate 
liquidity challenges and the capital structure became unsustainable. Although the Debtors expect 
to realize $600 million of total run-rate synergies over the five years post-Acquisition, their 
immediate-term liquidity position remained severely constrained which made it difficult for the 
Company to pay vendors on time. The inability to timely pay vendors exacerbated the payables 
balance and further strained relations with brand partners. In turn, vendors were less willing to 
Case 26-90103   Document 17   Filed in TXSB on 01/14/26   Page 34 of 63

=== page 35 ===
35 
ship goods to the Company, leaving the Company unable to build an adequate amount of seasonal 
inventory leading into Spring of 2025. As described above, the Company also suffered a reduced 
borrowing base and corresponding reduced availability under its ABL Facility as a result of 
declining inventory and increased discretionary reserves imposed under the ABL Facility. 
78. 
In February of 2025, the Company began considering strategies to address these 
challenges. In addition to implementing changes to the business model, including extending 
payment terms, and continuing to execute on identified synergy opportunities, the Company 
recognized that a new money financing solution was required to provide it the flexibility necessary 
to catch up on vendor payments, obtain runway to continue recognizing synergies from the 
Acquisition, and address a June 30 interest payment date on the Old Notes. The Company targeted 
closing a new financing in early to mid-May to address these liquidity needs. Ultimately, the 
financing timing led to incremental delays in paying vendors and therefore incremental stretching 
of accounts payable. 
79. 
On April 28, 2025, the Company announced that they had secured commitments 
for a new money financing facility from SLR Credit Solutions (“SLR”) in the form of a $300 
million FILO loan for SGE and a $50 million secured term loan for certain subsidiaries. However, 
the SLR financing could not be executed on the terms of the commitments previously obtained 
from SLR.  
80. 
In late June 2025, the Global Debtors secured commitments for $600 million 
(before associated fees and payment of accrued interest) in SPV Notes from a majority of their 
existing bondholders to be funded in two parts, beginning with the issuance of $300 million in 
SPV Notes in June. The transaction required the $400 million FILO Onloan described above, 
with $300 million in intercompany term loans funded by SGUS to SGE upon closing of the initial 
Case 26-90103   Document 17   Filed in TXSB on 01/14/26   Page 35 of 63

=== page 36 ===
36 
sale of SPV Notes in June 2025, and an additional $100 million subsequently available to draw 
upon as a delayed draw term loan facility.  
81. 
Subsequently, in August 2025, the Debtors completed an exchange offer and new 
money financing transaction in which (i) holders of approximately 98% of the aggregate principal 
amount of the Old Notes tendered their notes in exchange for $162.5 million in SPV Notes, (ii) the 
Debtors received $300 million in additional gross proceeds from the sale of additional SPV Notes 
to existing holders, and (iii) the proceeds of the SPV Notes were on-lent to SGE in the form of (a) 
the $362.5 million NPC Onloan and (b) $100 million of additional delayed draw term loans under 
the FILO Onloan.  
82. 
In addition to accessing new capital, the transaction allowed the Global Debtors to 
capture approximately $115 million of discount in principal amount of Old Notes upon issuance 
of the SPV Notes and cancellation of the tendered Old Notes. Despite the closing of the Exchange 
Transaction, the Company was only able to use $244 million of proceeds for catch-up payments 
to vendors as the remaining proceeds were needed for working capital purposes as the Debtors 
continued to expend funds to integrate Neiman Marcus, while they faced a significant second 
quarter EBITDA loss driven by lower receipts. 
83. 
Following the closing of the Exchange Transaction, the Debtors engaged with 
vendors in order to reduce past due amounts and to facilitate the purchase of inventory entering 
into the 2025 holiday season. Concurrently, the Global Debtors were affected by one-time 
merchandising system integration issues which disrupted inventory receipts at Neiman Marcus and 
Bergdorf Goodman when sales and inventory were already at a seasonal low point. This resulted 
in a significant reduction in the Global Debtors’ borrowing base, negatively impacting liquidity. 
With less liquidity to continue paying brand partners and other vendors according to agreed-upon 
Case 26-90103   Document 17   Filed in TXSB on 01/14/26   Page 36 of 63

=== page 37 ===
37 
terms, the benefits of the $244 million vendor paydown were negated. These liquidity issues and 
the continued backlog of past due trade payables caused the Debtors to lose out on opportunities 
for “chase” inventory—in-season replenishment of in-demand items—and the downward trend in 
the Debtors’ business and liquidity continued.  
84. 
The Debtors’ business is seasonal, and the second quarter is typically the smallest 
of the year from a profit standpoint. With interest payments of $130 million paid in June, the 
merchandise integration issues in August that disrupted shipments, and soft second quarter results, 
liquidity was stretched in a way that did not allow the Debtors to restore inventory receipts to 
normalized levels. At the end of the second fiscal quarter, inventory was 9% below last year’s 
levels on a combined basis.  
85. 
Prior to the Petition Date, the increasing payment delays damaged trust with the 
Company’s brand partners and the Company continued to hit credit caps with vendors who were 
unwilling or unable to increase their credit exposure to the Debtors. The Company was paying 
faster than agreed terms to stay below credit caps—giving the Company limited flexibility in 
managing inventory flow. 
86. 
These factors resulted in a loss of approximately over $550 million of inventory 
receipts in the second half of 2025 compared to the Company’s July forecast, and consequently a 
materially lower borrowing base under the ABL Facility, which is calculated largely based on 
inventory value. Compounding these issues, the Global Debtors’ minimum excess availability 
covenant under the ABL Facility stepped up from $200 million to $375 million on December 1, 
2025 and up to $500 million on December 16, 2025, greatly reducing the Debtors’ ability to borrow 
under that facility. The Global Debtors also faced interest payments on the FILO Loan, NPC 
Case 26-90103   Document 17   Filed in TXSB on 01/14/26   Page 37 of 63

=== page 38 ===
38 
Onloan, SPV Notes and OpCo Notes totaling about $126 million at the end of December 2025 
which they were unable to pay. 
87. 
Despite the constraints on the business due to tight liquidity, and current estimates 
that the Global Debtors’ year-to-date EBITDA through December 2025 will be a loss, the business 
shows multiple positive indicators, which the Global Debtors can take advantage of with sufficient 
liquidity. Importantly, Company data indicates that when stores have inventory, the inventory 
sells. Significant capital expenditures or investment in marketing dollars are not required to 
redirect the Company’s business trend. The Company has achieved substantial synergies with the 
integration of Neiman Marcus faster than expected. The initial target for run-rate synergies 
expected to be realized by the end of fiscal 2025 was approximately $150 million. As of the 
Company’s results for the quarter ended August 2, 2025, the Company has identified and is 
executing on approximately $300 million in run-rate synergies, nearly double the expectations 
outlined at transaction close for year one. Since August, the Company has been operating from 
one unified merchandising platform which allows its teams to buy and sell inventory across Saks 
Fifth Avenue and Neiman Marcus to optimize inventory buys and allows allocation of inventory 
across all of its luxury retail brands. This unlocks significant margin potential by allowing the 
Company to maximize its working capital efficiency. Sellers at all three of the luxury banners will 
benefit, with the ability, with vendor permission, to offer customers merchandise from across the 
entire network in the future. 
88. 
The Debtors believe they represent a significant majority of the multi-brand luxury 
volume in the United States and are the largest global partner for nine of the top ten luxury brands. 
The Company’s full-line real estate properties are true luxury showcases with retail environments 
that offer a differentiated high touch experience that cater to the luxury customer. While overall 
Case 26-90103   Document 17   Filed in TXSB on 01/14/26   Page 38 of 63

=== page 39 ===
39 
comparable store sales were down, comparable sales at Saks Fifth Avenue stores and Saks.com 
improved in November 2025, reflecting improved inventory flows in the channels. Additionally, 
concession or leased sales of merchandise have outperformed expectations in all months of the 
Company’s 2025 fiscal year, demonstrating strong traffic and resilience in the business where 
timely flow of inventory is available. This indicates that the Company’s challenges are tied to 
inventory availability and vendor confidence, not underlying demand for luxury goods. The 
concession business, has recorded positive comparable sales each month, with results ranging up 
2 to 18% year over year. Customers of Saks, Neiman Marcus and Bergdorf Goodman are highly 
loyal, with retention rates for customers spending at least $10,000 annually exceeding 90%. The 
Company’s top 3% of customers, who spend more than $10,000 annually, generate approximately 
40% of the Company’s annual gross merchandise value. However, the Global Debtors need debt 
relief and substantial additional funding to take advantage of these positive indicators. 
89. 
Prior to the Petition Date, the Global Debtors pursued alternative liquidity solutions 
from both third parties and existing stakeholders, and implemented liquidity-enhancing steps and 
other expense reduction actions, including delaying or halting vendor payments, while engaging 
with stakeholders on terms of a comprehensive restructuring and debtor-in-possession financing. 
After intense negotiations, the Global Debtors determined that the best path forward was to pursue 
the SGUS DIP Facility offered by the Ad Hoc Group, which will provide $1 billion in new money 
during the course of these cases, as well as a commitment to provide an additional $500 million 
upon exit from bankruptcy. This vital liquidity boost, along with the benefits of the chapter 11 
process, will give the Company critical debt relief and cash for its operations, allowing the Debtors 
to emerge from bankruptcy with a stronger financial foundation so that the Company can 
Case 26-90103   Document 17   Filed in TXSB on 01/14/26   Page 39 of 63

=== page 40 ===
40 
reestablish its credibility and relationships with key brand partners and other important business 
partners, to play a central role in shaping the luxury retail industry well into the future. 
Part IV: Facts in Support of First Day Motions 
90. 
The Debtors have requested a variety of relief in various First Day Motions.18 As a 
result of my first-hand experience, and through my review of various materials and information, 
discussions with members of the Debtors’ management, and discussions with the Debtors’ outside 
advisors, I have formed opinions as to (a) the necessity of obtaining the relief sought by the Debtors 
in the First Day Motions described below, and (b) the immediate and irreparable harm to which 
the Debtors and their businesses will be exposed unless the relief requested in the First Day 
Motions is granted without delay. 
91. 
I believe that the relief sought in the First Day Motions is critical to a smooth 
transition into Chapter 11 to minimize the adverse effects of the chapter 11 cases on the Debtors’ 
business and on their employees and creditors. Collectively, the First Day Motions maximize value 
for the Debtors’ estates and stakeholders by reducing unnecessary disruption and minimizing any 
negative impact of the chapter 11 cases on the Debtors’ businesses and operations. 
92. 
Several of the First Day Motions request authority to pay certain prepetition claims. 
I understand that Rule 6003 of the Federal Rules of Bankruptcy Procedure provides, in relevant 
part, that the Court shall not consider motions to pay prepetition claims during the first 21 days 
following the filing of a chapter 11 petition, “except to the extent that relief is necessary to avoid 
immediate and irreparable harm.” In light of this requirement, and as described more fully in each 
First Day Motion, the Debtors, in consultation with their professionals, carefully tailored the relief 
 
18 
Capitalized terms used in this section but not otherwise defined shall have the meanings ascribed to such terms 
in the applicable First Day Motions. 
Case 26-90103   Document 17   Filed in TXSB on 01/14/26   Page 40 of 63

=== page 41 ===
41 
requested in the First Day Motions to ensure the Debtors’ immediate operational needs are met, 
and that the Debtors suffer no immediate and irreparable harm. 
93. 
I am familiar with the contents and substance of each First Day Motion (including 
the exhibits thereto), and the statements and facts set forth in each of the First Day Motions are 
true and correct to the best of my knowledge. I believe that the relief sought in each First Day 
Motion: (a) is necessary to enable the Debtors to operate in chapter 11 with minimal disruption or 
loss of value; (b) is necessary to provide the Debtors with a reasonable opportunity for a successful 
reorganization; and (c) best serves the interests of the Debtors’ stakeholders. For the reasons 
identified below and in each First Day Motion, I believe that the relief requested in each of the 
First Day Motions is narrowly tailored to avoid immediate and irreparable harm and is appropriate 
under the circumstances and should be granted by the Court. 
94. 
As described below and in the First Day Motions, certain relief requested applies 
to all of the Debtors, and certain First Day Motions request distinct relief with respect to the Global 
Debtors and the SO5 Digital Debtors. The Hede Declaration provides additional support for the 
relief requested solely with respect to the SO5 Digital Debtors.  
a. 
Administrative and Procedural Motions.  
i. 
Debtors’ Joint Emergency Motion for Entry of Order (I) Authorizing the 
Joint Administration of the Debtors’ Chapter 11 Cases and (II) Granting 
Related Relief (the “Joint Administration Motion”). 
95. 
Through the Joint Administration Motion, the Debtors seek the joint administration 
of these chapter 11 cases (the “Chapter 11 Cases”) for procedural purposes only, given the 
integrated nature of the Debtors’ operations.  Many of the motions, hearings, and other matters 
involved in these Chapter 11 Cases will affect all of the Debtors.  I understand that joint 
administration will reduce costs and facilitate the administrative process by avoiding the need for 
duplicative hearings, notices, applications, and orders.  I understand that no prejudice will befall 
Case 26-90103   Document 17   Filed in TXSB on 01/14/26   Page 41 of 63

=== page 42 ===
42 
any party by the joint administration of the Debtors’ cases, as the relief sought is solely procedural 
and is not intended to affect substantive rights.  Based on the foregoing, I believe that it would be 
far more efficient for the administration of these Chapter 11 Cases if the Court were to authorize 
their joint administration. 
ii. 
Debtors’ Joint Emergency Motion for Entry of Order (I) Authorizing 
Debtors to Redact Certain Personally Identifiable Information; 
(II) Authorizing Electronic Noticing Procedures for Parties in Interest 
and Approving the Form and Manner of Notifying Creditors of the 
Commencement of these Chapter 11 Cases; (III) Authorizing Debtors to 
File a Consolidated List of Creditors and a Consolidated List of the 30 
Largest Unsecured Creditors; and (IV) Granting Related Relief (the 
“Redaction Motion”). 
96. 
Through the Redaction Motion, the Debtors request authority to (a) redact certain 
personally identifiable information from their Creditor Matrix, Equity Holders List, Schedules and 
Statements, Top 30 List, and other documents filed in these Chapter 11 Cases, (b) provide parties 
in interest with electronic notice, as well as the approval of the form and manner of notifying 
creditors of the commencement of these Chapter 11 Cases, and (c) file a consolidated Creditor 
Matrix and Top 30 List in lieu of submitting separate mailing matrices and creditor lists for each 
Debtor.   
97. 
Bankruptcy Rule 1007(a)(1) requires a debtor to file “a list containing the name and 
address of each entity included or to be included on Schedules D, E/F, G, and H[.]” Fed. R. Bankr. 
P. 1007(a)(1).  Because the preparation of separate lists of creditors for each Debtor would be 
expensive, time consuming, and administratively burdensome, the Debtors should be authorized 
to file one consolidated Creditor Matrix for all Debtors.  Furthermore, the redaction of certain 
personally identifiable information of individuals is necessary due to the privacy and safety 
concerns that would arise if such information were disclosed in the Debtors’ Court filings and to 
help the Debtors comply with applicable privacy laws.  Additionally, the redaction of the 
Case 26-90103   Document 17   Filed in TXSB on 01/14/26   Page 42 of 63

=== page 43 ===
43 
individual customer information is appropriate under section 107(b)(1) of the Bankruptcy Code 
because the Debtors’ ability to maintain existing customer relationships is critical to the Debtors’ 
ability to continue operating in the ordinary course and to maximize the value of the business.  
Approving the form and manner of the notice of commencement is necessary to avoid confusion 
among creditors as well as to prevent the Debtors’ estates from incurring unnecessary costs 
associated with serving multiple notices to the parties listed on the Debtors’ voluminous 
consolidated Creditor Matrix. 
98. 
Finally, I believe that the Court should authorize the Debtors to provide parties in 
interest with electronic notice.  I understand that providing electronic service of any and all notices, 
documents, and pleadings filed in these Chapter 11 Cases, which are required to be served on the 
parties in interest, by email will reduce the cost and administrative burdens associated with 
providing traditional service, reduce delay in providing notice, and provide the Debtors’ estate 
with significant cost savings.  I also understand that the Debtors communicate with their parties in 
interest primarily by email in the ordinary course of business.  As such, the parties in interest will 
expect to receive notice from the Debtors electronically, and electronic notice will provide an 
efficient and effective means of service.  In the event the Debtors do not have an email address for 
a party in interest, the Debtors will proceed with mailing a printed copy in lieu of email. 
iii. 
Debtors’ Joint Emergency Motion for Entry of an Order (I) Establishing 
Notice and Hearing Procedures for Transfers of Equity Interests in 
Debtors and Declarations of Worthlessness with Respect to Equity 
Interests in Saks Global Holdings LLC; (II) Establishing Record Date for 
Notice and Sell-Down Procedures for Transferring Claims Against the 
Debtors; and (III) Granting Related Relief (the “NOL Motion”). 
99. 
Through the NOL Motion, the Debtors seek, among other things, to establish notice 
and hearing procedures that must be satisfied before certain transfers of equity interests in the 
Debtors, or declarations of worthlessness with respect to the equity interests in certain Debtors, 
Case 26-90103   Document 17   Filed in TXSB on 01/14/26   Page 43 of 63

=== page 44 ===
44 
are deemed effective.  I believe that these procedures are necessary to protect the potential value 
of the Debtors’ federal and state tax attributes, including, but not limited to, significant net 
operating loss carryforwards, tax credits, disallowed interest deduction carryforwards, and certain 
other tax attributes (collectively, the “Tax Attributes”) for use during the pendency of these 
Chapter 11 Cases.   
100. 
Specifically, the NOL Motion seeks authority to impose restrictions on, and 
procedures related to, the trading of any equity interests in the Debtors and any claim of a 
Worthless Securities Deduction with respect to equity interests in Saks Global Holdings LLC, 
which could result in an “ownership change” as defined under Section 382 occurring before the 
effective date of a chapter 11 plan or any applicable bankruptcy court order.  As a general matter, 
an “ownership change” could severely limit or eliminate the Debtors ability to use the Tax 
Attributes to offset future taxable income.  Thus, I believe that the proposed restrictions and 
procedures are necessary to protect the Debtors’ ability to preserve the Tax Attributes during the 
pendency of these Chapter 11 Cases.  I also believe that the termination or limitation of the Tax 
Attributes that might result if such restrictions and procedures are not imposed would be materially 
detrimental to all parties in interest. 
iv. 
Debtors’ Joint Emergency Ex Parte Application for Entry of Order 
Authorizing the Employment and Retention of Stretto, Inc. as Claims, 
Noticing, and Solicitation Agent (the “Stretto Retention Application”).  
101. 
Through the Stretto Retention Application, the Debtors filed an application to 
employ Stretto as the claims, noticing, and solicitation agent for these Chapter 11 Cases.  I believe 
that the retention of Stretto is critical because of the large number of creditors identified in these 
cases. 
102. 
I understand that Stretto is a data-processing firm with extensive experience in 
noticing, claims processing, solicitation, and other administrative tasks in chapter 11 cases.  The 
Case 26-90103   Document 17   Filed in TXSB on 01/14/26   Page 44 of 63

=== page 45 ===
45 
Debtors obtained and reviewed engagement proposals from other Court-approved claims and 
noticing agents to ensure selection through a competitive process.  I believe that Stretto’s rates are 
competitive and reasonable given Stretto’s quality of services and expertise.  Given the need for 
the services described above and Stretto’s expertise in providing such services, I believe that 
retaining Stretto will expedite service of notices, streamline the claims administration process, and 
permit the Debtors to focus on their chapter 11 efforts. 
v. 
Debtors’ Joint Emergency Motion for Entry of Order (I) Extending Time 
to File Schedules and Statements and 2015.3 Reports; (II) Modifying the 
Requirements of Local Rule 2015-3; and (III) Granting Related Relief 
(the “Schedules and Statements and 2015.3 Reports Extension Motion”). 
103. 
Pursuant to the Schedules and Statements and 2015.3 Reports Extension Motion, 
the Debtors seek entry of an order (a) extending the deadline by which the Debtors must file their 
Schedules and Statements and 2015.3 Reports by an additional 45 days, through and including 
March 13, 2026, without prejudice to the Debtors’ ability to seek further extensions of such 
deadlines, and (b) modifying the requirements of Rule 2015-3 of the Local Rules.   
104. 
Given the size and complexity of the Debtors’ businesses and financial affairs, as 
well as their interests in a number of non-Debtor subsidiaries, the Debtors will have to compile 
information from books, records, and documents relating to thousands of creditors, assets, leases, 
customer contracts, vendor agreements, and various other contracts from each Debtor entity, as 
well as from certain non-Debtor entities, in order to prepare their Schedules and Statements and 
2015.3 Reports.  Such will require a significant expenditure of time and effort on the part of the 
Debtors, their employees, and professional advisors.  Additionally, because the Debtors’ various 
business segments maintain voluminous books, records, and complex accounting systems across 
various legal entities located in numerous jurisdictions, it may be some time before the Debtors 
have access to all of the information required to prepare the Schedules and Statements and 2015.3 
Case 26-90103   Document 17   Filed in TXSB on 01/14/26   Page 45 of 63

=== page 46 ===
46 
Reports.  I believe that the extensions requested in the Schedules and Statements and 2015.3 
Extension Motion will aid the Debtors’ efforts to ensure the accuracy and completeness of the 
Schedules and Statements and 2015.3 Reports, which, in turn, will promote the efficient 
administration of these Chapter 11 Cases.  Accordingly, I believe the relief requested in the 
Schedules and Statements Extension Motion is warranted under the circumstances.   
vi. 
Debtors’ Joint Emergency Motion for Entry of Order (I) Restating and 
Enforcing Protections of 11 U.S.C §§ 362, 365, 525, and 541(C); (II) 
Approving the Related Form and Manner of Notice; and (III) Granting 
Related Relief (the “Automatic Stay Motion”).   
105. 
Pursuant to the Automatic Stay Motion, the Debtors seek entry of an order 
(a) confirming, restating, and enforcing the worldwide automatic stay, anti-discrimination 
provisions, and ipso facto protections of sections 362, 365, 525, and 541(c) of the Bankruptcy 
Code, and (b) approving the form and manner of notice related thereto.  The Debtors further seek 
authority, but not direction, to translate the Automatic Stay Motion, the Proposed Order, and/or 
the Notice into other languages to better inform creditors, governmental units, and other interested 
parties of the relief requested in the Automatic Stay Motion.   
106. 
The Debtors’ business operations are conducted worldwide with significant assets 
moving through international commerce at any given time.  The Debtors have regular dealings 
with foreign customers and contract counterparties in various ports and jurisdictions that may not 
be familiar with the restrictions of the Bankruptcy Code.  Many of these foreign customers and 
contract counterparties do not transact business on a regular basis with companies that have filed 
for chapter 11 and, therefore, may lack meaningful, if any, contact with the United States and may 
be unfamiliar with the chapter 11 process, the scope of a debtor in possession’s authority to conduct 
its business, or the importance and implications of the worldwide automatic stay.  Certain of the 
Debtors’ non-U.S. creditors may attempt to seize assets located outside of the United States or take 
Case 26-90103   Document 17   Filed in TXSB on 01/14/26   Page 46 of 63

=== page 47 ===
47 
other actions that violate the automatic stay, including attempting to terminate certain unexpired 
leases or executory contracts pursuant to ipso facto provisions in contravention of section 365 of 
the Bankruptcy Code, to the detriment of the Debtors, their estates, and other creditors.  The relief 
requested will protect the Debtors against improper actions that non-U.S. parties in interest may 
take and assuage such parties in interest of any concerns during the pendency of these chapter 11 
cases. 
b. 
Operational Motions 
i. 
Global Debtors’ Emergency Motion for Entry of Interim and Final 
Orders (I) Authorizing the Debtors to (A) Obtain Postpetition Financing 
and (B) Utilize Cash Collateral, (II) Granting Adequate Protection to 
Prepetition Secured Parties, (III) Modifying the Automatic Stay, (IV) 
Scheduling A Final Hearing, and (V) Granting Related Relief (the “DIP 
Motion”). 
107. 
Pursuant to the DIP Motion, the Global Debtors are seeking authority to enter into 
the DIP Facilities, use cash claimed as collateral, and grant adequate protection to prepetition 
secured parties, among other relief.  I have also submitted that certain Declaration of Mark 
Weinsten in Support of Global Debtors’ Emergency Motion for Entry of Interim and Final Orders 
(I) Authorizing the Debtors to (A) Obtain Postpetition Financing and (B) Utilize Cash Collateral, 
(II) Granting Adequate Protection to Prepetition Secured Parties, (III) Modifying the Automatic 
Stay, (IV) Scheduling A Final Hearing, and (V) Granting Related Relief (“Weinsten DIP 
Declaration”) which provides additional factual basis for entry into the DIP Facilities. 
108. 
For the reasons set forth herein and in the Weinsten DIP Declaration, I believe that 
the DIP Motion should be approved. 
ii. 
Global Debtors’ Motion for Interim and Final Orders (I) Authorizing 
Debtors to (A) Continue to Maintain their Cash Management System, 
(B) Honor Certain Prepetition Obligations Related Thereto, and 
(C) Continue to Perform Intercompany Transactions; and (II) Granting 
Related Relief (the “Cash Management Motion”). 
Case 26-90103   Document 17   Filed in TXSB on 01/14/26   Page 47 of 63

=== page 48 ===
48 
109. 
The Cash Management Motion seeks interim and final Court orders (a) authorizing, 
but not directing, the Global Debtors to (i) continue to maintain their existing cash management 
system, (ii) maintain their existing bank accounts, including honoring certain prepetition 
obligations related thereto, and (iii) continue intercompany transactions and funding consistent 
with the Global Debtors’ historical practices, subject to the terms described therein, and 
(b) maintain existing business forms in the ordinary course of business. 
110. 
The Cash Management System is typical of multi-store retail operations and 
comparable to the centralized cash management systems used by other similarly sized retail 
companies to manage the cash flow of operating retail operations in a cost-effective, efficient 
manner.  The Global Debtors use their Cash Management System to collect, transfer, and disburse 
funds generated through the Global Debtors’ operations and to accurately record such collections, 
transfers, and disbursements as they are made to facilitate monitoring, forecasting, and reporting.   
111. 
I understand that section 345(b) of the Bankruptcy Code and the U.S. Trustee 
Guidelines generally require chapter 11 debtors to, among other things, deposit all estate funds 
into an account with an authorized depository that agrees to comply with the requirements of the 
U.S. Trustee’s office.  The majority of the Global Debtors’ Bank Accounts are held at authorized 
depositories and, therefore, comply with section 345(b) of the Bankruptcy Code.  While certain of 
the Global Debtors’ Bank Accounts are not held at authorized depositories, such Banks are 
nonetheless FDIC insured and are well-capitalized, financially stable, and reputable institutions.  I 
believe that such financial institutions are well-positioned to perform the depository and cash 
management functions during these Chapter 11 Cases and, to the extent that the requirements of 
section 345 of the Bankruptcy Code are inconsistent, or otherwise conflict, with the Global 
Debtors’ Cash Management System, I believe that a forty-five day (or such longer period as the 
Case 26-90103   Document 17   Filed in TXSB on 01/14/26   Page 48 of 63

=== page 49 ===
49 
Global Debtors may request) suspension of time to address any questions that the U.S. Trustee 
may have regarding the Cash Management System and the Global Debtors’ compliance with 
section 345(b) of the Bankruptcy Code is appropriate.  
112. 
Moreover, in the ordinary course of business, the Global Debtors engage in routine 
arm’s-length business relationships between each other and other Non-Global Debtor Affiliates 
(the “Intercompany Transactions”).  The Intercompany Transactions arise primarily on account of 
operating expenses and debt service payments, as well as interest, fees, taxes, and other expenses.  
The 
Intercompany 
Transactions 
result 
in 
intercompany 
receivables 
and 
payables 
(the “Intercompany Claims”), which are generally satisfied in cash.  As further described in the 
Cash Management Motion, the Global Debtors rely upon the Intercompany Transactions to 
maintain operations in the ordinary course of business.  The Global Debtors generally account for 
and record all Intercompany Transactions and Intercompany Claims in their respective books and 
records, the results of which are concurrently recorded on the Global Debtors’ balance sheets and 
periodically reconciled.  The Global Debtors maintain strict records of the Intercompany 
Transactions and can ascertain, trace, and account for all Intercompany Transactions.  
113. 
Because of the nature and operational scale of the Global Debtors’ business, I 
believe that any disruption to the Cash Management System would have an immediate and 
significant adverse effect on the Global Debtors’ business and operations to the detriment of their 
estates and stakeholders.  As such, I believe that allowing the Global Debtors to maintain their 
Cash Management System, continue Intercompany Transactions, pay the prepetition Bank Fees, 
and continue to use their customary business forms, as well as suspending certain requirements 
under section 345(b) of the Bankruptcy Code and the U.S. Trustee Guidelines, is essential to the 
Case 26-90103   Document 17   Filed in TXSB on 01/14/26   Page 49 of 63

=== page 50 ===
50 
Global Debtors’ continuation of ordinary course operations and in the best interests of the Global 
Debtors’ estates, creditors, and other parties in interest.  
iii. 
Debtors’ Joint Emergency Motion for Entry of Order (I) Authorizing 
Debtors to (A) Pay Certain Compensation and Benefits Obligations and 
(B) Maintain Compensation and Benefits Programs and (II) Granting 
Related Relief (the “Wages Motion”). 
114. 
The Debtors filed a motion seeking authority to, among other things, (a) pay 
prepetition wages, salaries, other compensation, and reimbursable expenses, and (b) continue 
employee benefits programs in the ordinary course, including payment of certain prepetition 
obligations related thereto.  
115. 
The Debtors employ approximately 16,830 Employees, including approximately 
14,610 full-time employees and approximately 2,220 part-time employees.  The Debtors also 
retain approximately 3,860 Temporary Employees, who are employed through Staffing Agencies 
or directly by the Debtors, and contract with their merchandise vendors to place Independent Sales 
Representatives in their stores to assist with selling the vendors’ branded merchandise.  In many 
instances, the Debtors’ Workforce includes personnel who are intimately familiar with the 
Debtors’ business, processes, and systems, who possesses unique skills and experience, or who 
have developed relationships with vendors that are essential to the Debtors’ businesses.  These 
individuals are not easily replaced.  At the same time, much of the Debtors’ Workforce relies 
exclusively on their compensation and benefits to pay their daily living expenses and to support 
their families and will be materially harmed and exposed to significant financial hardship if the 
Debtors are not permitted to continue paying their compensation, providing employee benefits, 
and maintaining certain employee programs during these Chapter 11 Cases.   
116. 
The Debtors are seeking authority to pay and honor certain prepetition claims 
related to Compensation and Benefits Obligations, including, among other things, wages, salaries, 
Case 26-90103   Document 17   Filed in TXSB on 01/14/26   Page 50 of 63

=== page 51 ===
51 
other compensation, expense reimbursement, payroll obligations and withholding of federal and 
state taxes (including garnishments, Employees’ share of insurance premiums, taxes, and other 
amounts withheld), payroll processing, severance policies, health and wellness benefits (including 
vision and dental coverage), insurance programs, workers’ compensation programs, short and 
long-term disability coverage, retirement savings plans and pension plans, time-off policies, and 
certain other benefits that the Debtors have historically provided in the ordinary course.  The 
Compensation and Benefits Obligations are further described in the Wages Motion. 
117. 
I believe that the requested authority to continue to pay the Compensation and 
Benefits Obligations and to maintain the Debtors’ current employee benefits programs is critical 
to ensure that the Debtors can retain personnel knowledgeable about the Debtors’ business, the 
Debtors’ employees continue to provide quality services to the Debtors at a time when they are 
needed most, and the Debtors remain competitive with comparable employers.   
iv. 
Debtors’ Joint Emergency Motion for Order (I) Approving Debtors’ 
Proposed Adequate Assurance of Future Payment for Utility Services; 
(II) Prohibiting Utility Companies from Altering, Refusing, or 
Discontinuing Utility Services; (III) Establishing Procedures for 
Resolving Objections by Utility Companies and Determining Additional 
Adequate Assurance of Payment; and (IV) Authorizing Certain Fee 
Payments for Services Performed; and (V) Granting Related Relief 
(the “Utility Motion”). 
118. 
Through the Utility Motion, the Debtors request that the Court (a) prohibit the 
Utility Companies from altering, refusing, or discontinuing Utility Services on account of the 
commencement of these Chapter 11 Cases and/or any outstanding prepetition invoices, (b) deem 
the Debtors’ Utility Companies adequately assured of future payment, based on the Debtors’ 
establishment of a segregated account in the amount of $2.9 million, which equals approximately 
one half of the Debtors’ estimated monthly cost of the Utility Services subsequent to the Petition 
Date, and (c) establish procedures for resolving objections by Utility Companies.   
Case 26-90103   Document 17   Filed in TXSB on 01/14/26   Page 51 of 63

=== page 52 ===
52 
119. 
Maintaining uninterrupted Utility Services is essential to the Debtors’ ongoing 
business operations and, in turn, the overall success of these Chapter 11 Cases.  Should any Utility 
Provider refuse or discontinue service, even for a brief period, the Debtors’ business operations 
could be severely disrupted, causing immediate and irreparable harm.  Accordingly, it is essential 
that the Utility Services, including payments to the Administrators that administer and support the 
Debtors’ maintenance of Utility Services, continue uninterrupted during these Chapter 11 Cases.  
I believe that the relief requested in the Utility Motion is in the best interest of the Debtors and 
their estates, will not harm unsecured creditors, and may reduce harm and administrative expense 
to the Debtors’ estates. 
v. 
Debtors’ Joint Emergency Motion for Order (I) Authorizing Debtors to 
Pay Certain Prepetition Taxes and Fees and Related Obligations; 
(II) Authorizing Banks to Honor and Process Check and Electronic 
Transfer Requests Related Thereto; and (III) Granting Related Relief 
(the “Taxes Motion”). 
120. 
The Debtors filed the Taxes Motion seeking authority to continue to negotiate, 
remit, and pay (or use tax credits to offset) Taxes and Fees in the ordinary course of business and 
consistent with past practices that are payable or become payable during these Chapter 11 Cases, 
including any obligations arising on account of an Audit and/or Assessment, without regard to 
whether such obligations accrued or arose before, on, or after the Petition Date.  Failure to pay the 
Taxes and Fees could materially disrupt the Debtors’ business operations.  Further, the Debtors’ 
failure to pay the prepetition Taxes and Fees as they come due may ultimately increase the Debtors’ 
tax liability and result in personal liability for the Debtors’ directors and officers, which would 
distract from the Debtors’ restructuring efforts.  
121. 
The relief requested in the Taxes Motion is in the best interests of the Debtors’ 
estates, their creditors, and all other parties in interest, and will enable the Debtors to continue to 
Case 26-90103   Document 17   Filed in TXSB on 01/14/26   Page 52 of 63

=== page 53 ===
53 
operate their businesses in chapter 11 without disruption.  Accordingly, I believe that the Taxes 
Motion should be approved. 
vi. 
Debtors’ Joint Emergency Motion for Entry of Interim and Final Orders 
(I) Authorizing Debtors to Maintain and Administer Their (A) Existing 
Customer 
Programs 
and 
(B) Charitable 
Donation 
Programs; 
(II) Authorizing Banks to Honor and Process Check and Electronic 
Transfer Requests Related Thereto; and (III) Granting Related Relief 
(the “Customer Programs Motion”). 
122. 
The Customer Programs Motion seeks the Debtors’ authority to fulfill and honor 
(through payment, credit, setoff, or otherwise) the Customer Programs as they deem appropriate 
in their business judgment and continue, renew, replace, terminate, and implement Customer 
Programs and any other customer practices as they deem appropriate, without further application 
to the Court.  The Debtors’ Customer Programs include, without limitation, the (a) Refund and 
Exchange Program, (b) Gift Card Programs, (c) Credit Card Programs, (d) Loyalty Programs, 
(e) Special Order and Will Call Programs, (f) Sales Commission Program, (g) Charitable Donation 
Program, and (h) other Promotional Programs.  
123. 
The Customer Programs maximize the value of the Debtors’ customer relationships 
by promoting customer satisfaction, creating goodwill for the Debtors’ businesses, and enhancing 
the value of their brands.  The Debtors operate in a highly competitive global marketplace, and, in 
the absence of certain Customer Programs, the Debtors’ customers could turn to competitors for 
their various retail shopping needs.  The Debtors’ failure to either honor their prepetition Customer 
Obligations or to continue the Customer Programs in the ordinary course during these Chapter 11 
Cases will put the Debtors at a significant competitive disadvantage.  The Debtors seek authority 
to continue the Customer Programs in the ordinary course of business and to pay claims arising 
out of the Customer Programs to avoid any harm or disruption to their business.  I believe that the 
continuation of the Customer Programs is critical to the Debtors’ ongoing operations in these 
Case 26-90103   Document 17   Filed in TXSB on 01/14/26   Page 53 of 63

=== page 54 ===
54 
Chapter 11 Cases and is necessary to maximize the value of the Debtors’ business for the benefit 
of all stakeholders. 
vii. 
Debtors’ Joint Emergency Motion for Entry of Order (I) Authorizing 
Debtors to Continue their Insurance Programs, Including their 
Insurance Premium Finance Program, Surety Coverage, and Letters of 
Credit Entered into Prepetition and to Pay all Obligations in Respect 
thereof; (II) Authorizing Banks and Other Financial Institutions to 
Honor and Process Checks and Transfers Related thereto; and 
(III) Granting Related Relief (the “Insurance Motion”). 
124. 
Pursuant to the Insurance Motion, the Debtors seek authority to (a) maintain 
insurance coverage under the Debtors’ Insurance Policies, including surety coverage and letters of 
credit, and satisfy any obligations related thereto, (b) renew, amend, supplement, modify, extend, 
purchase, and/or enter into new insurance policies, in each case, in the ordinary course of business, 
(c) continue honoring and paying obligations arising under the Premium Financing Agreements, 
and (d) satisfy payment of prepetition obligations on account of and continue to pay amounts due 
and owing to the insurance brokers.  The continuation and renewal of the Debtors’ insurance 
coverage is essential to preserving the value of the Debtors’ business, properties, and assets.  
Moreover, I understand that, in many instances, insurance coverage is required by statutes, rules, 
regulations, and contracts that govern the Debtors’ commercial activities, including the 
requirements of the U.S. Trustee that a debtor maintain adequate coverage given the circumstances 
of its chapter 11 case.  Accordingly, I believe the relief requested in the Insurance Motion is in the 
best interests of the Debtors’ estates, their creditors, and all other parties in interest, will avoid 
immediate and irreparable harm, and will facilitate the Debtors’ ability to operate their businesses 
in chapter 11 without disruption.   
viii. 
Global Debtors’ Emergency Motion for Entry of Interim and Final 
Orders (I) Authorizing Debtors to Pay Certain Prepetition Claims of 
Certain Critical Vendors and 503(b)(9) Claimants; (II) Confirming 
Administrative Expense Priority of Outstanding Orders; and (III) 
Granting Related Relief (the “Critical Vendors Motion”). 
Case 26-90103   Document 17   Filed in TXSB on 01/14/26   Page 54 of 63

=== page 55 ===
55 
125. 
The Global Debtors’ business success is partially fueled by their partnerships with 
certain critical vendors and goods and services providers that ensure that the Global Debtors are 
able to deliver and sell the highest quality products and provide their customers with the highly 
curated shopping experience that defines their brand.  Specifically, the Global Debtors’ ability to 
generate income is dependent on the Global Debtors’ sale and offering of a carefully curated 
assortment of third-party and private label merchandise and unique shopping experience.  In 
addition, at certain of their locations, the Global Debtors operate full-service restaurant and 
beverage businesses.  This curated model depends on longstanding partnerships with wholesale 
merchandise vendors, many of whom are irreplaceable, category-defining brands whose products 
cannot be substituted without irreparably altering the Global Debtors’ value proposition and 
customer experience.  The Global Debtors also rely on a number of non-merchandise vendors who 
provide products and services on favorable trade terms.  Maintaining these trade terms is critical 
to the Global Debtors’ ability to continue operations. 
126. 
These highly specialized Critical Vendors are irreplaceable, due to, among other 
things, demand created by branding and marketing.  If the Global Debtors fail to stock the products 
that their customers have grown accustomed to seeing in their stores and across their e-commerce 
websites, the effects would extend far beyond simply not offering those particular products.  If 
consumers become aware that the Global Debtors do not stock a particular item, they will simply 
not come to the Global Debtors’ stores or visit their websites, where they may have purchased 
additional items beyond the one product that they initially came to purchase.  Further, a breakdown 
in the Global Debtors’ relationships with these Critical Vendors would also destabilize the vendors 
themselves—some of whom rely on the Global Debtors’ doors and digital storefront as their 
principal route to market.  I believe that if the Global Debtors’ critical goods and services providers 
Case 26-90103   Document 17   Filed in TXSB on 01/14/26   Page 55 of 63

=== page 56 ===
56 
refuse to continue doing business with the Global Debtors on account of outstanding prepetition 
amounts, replacing them would significantly and irreparably harm the Global Debtor’s ability to 
deliver the necessary products to its stores and online platforms.  The targeted relief sought in the 
Critical Vendors Motion is therefore essential to preserve the Global Debtors’ unique 
merchandising ecosystem, safeguard enterprise value, and position the estates for a successful 
reorganization. 
127. 
Additionally, before the Petition Date and in the ordinary course of business, the 
Global Debtors may have ordered goods that will not be delivered until after the Petition Date 
(collectively, the “Outstanding Orders”).  To avoid becoming general unsecured creditors of the 
Global Debtors’ estates with respect to such goods, certain suppliers may refuse to ship or transfer 
such goods (or may recall shipments) with respect to such Outstanding Orders, unless the Global 
Debtors issue substitute purchase orders postpetition.  To prevent any disruption to the Global 
Debtors’ business operations, I believe that it is necessary that the Global Debtors satisfy such 
obligations in the ordinary course of business. 
128. 
The Global Debtors may have also received certain goods or materials from certain 
vendors within the twenty days before the Petition Date.  I understand that under section 503(b)(9) 
of the Bankruptcy Code, the value of such goods or materials would be accorded administrative 
priority.  The Global Debtors’ relationships with these vendors are not governed by long-term 
contracts and the Global Debtors rather obtain goods from such vendors on an order-by-order 
basis.  Additionally, the Global Debtors have tight timelines with their vendors, with some invoices 
being due and payable on delivery.  As a result, a 503(b)(9) Claimant may refuse to supply new 
orders if the Global Debtors do not pay the 503(b)(9) Claims as and when they come due.  Such 
Case 26-90103   Document 17   Filed in TXSB on 01/14/26   Page 56 of 63

=== page 57 ===
57 
refusal would negatively affect the Global Debtors’ estates because the Global Debtors’ business 
is dependent on the steady flow of merchandise and products through their logistics network.  
129. 
I believe that the requested authority to pay the Critical Vendors Claims and 
503(b)(9) Claims, in accordance with the cap set forth in the proposed Interim Order, is in the best 
interests of the Global Debtors and their estates and will enable the Global Debtors to continue to 
operate their business in chapter 11 without disruption.  The relief requested in the Critical Vendors 
Motion is also necessary to preserve and maximize value by paying the prepetition claims of 
certain counterparties that are critical to the Global Debtors’ business enterprises.  Absent the relief 
requested in the Critical Vendors Motion, I believe that the Global Debtors and their estates would 
suffer immediate and irreparable harm due to significant disruptions to their ordinary course 
business operations. 
ix. 
Debtors’ Joint Emergency Motion for Entry of Order (I) Authorizing 
Debtors to Pay Prepetition Claims of Certain (A) Lien Claimants and (B) 
Customs and Regulatory Claimants; and (II) Granting Related Relief (the 
“Lien Claimants Motion”). 
130. 
The Debtors’ businesses and supply chain depend on partnerships with certain 
goods and services providers that ensure that the Debtors are able to deliver and sell merchandise 
and products for sale in their retail store locations and online platforms.  Under certain 
non-bankruptcy laws, these goods and services providers may be able to assert liens on certain 
property of the Debtors in connection with prepetition obligations (collectively, “Lien Claims”).  
Specifically, the Debtors rely on a number of third-party common carriers, warehousemen, freight 
forwarders, consolidators, third party logistics providers, materialmen, and contractors for the 
receipt, distribution, and delivery of their merchandise and products.  These critical third-party 
contractors and services providers support nearly every aspect of the Debtors’ business, including 
by: packing and shipping the Debtors’ products to their store locations and customers, managing 
Case 26-90103   Document 17   Filed in TXSB on 01/14/26   Page 57 of 63

=== page 58 ===
58 
the Debtors’ distribution centers and storage facilities, and maintaining the Debtors’ stores and 
real property facilities.  I understand that these parties may be able to assert statutory or possessory 
liens on certain property of the Debtors if the Debtors fail to pay for certain goods and services 
delivered in connection with prepetition obligations.   
131. 
Further, the Debtors are party to a number of agreements under which third-party 
consignors of goods supply merchandise and products for sale in the Debtors’ stores and across 
their e-commerce websites.  These Consignment Agreements permit the Debtors to access and 
stock merchandise for sale to customers without carrying excessive inventory and allow the 
Debtors to stock products their customers expect to see in their stores and on their online platforms.  
Pursuant to the terms of the Consignment Agreements, the Consignors may be authorized to take 
and perfect liens on the merchandise and goods supplied to the Debtors under such agreements. 
132. 
Finally, the Debtors import certain products and merchandise from single-source 
providers located in foreign countries in the ordinary course of business.  In connection with the 
importation of products and merchandise, the Debtors may be required to pay various charges, 
including customs duties, detention and demurrage fees, tariffs and excise taxes, freight 
forwarding, and other similar obligations.  The Debtors’ failure to make payments on account of 
such Customs and Regulatory Claims may interfere with the transportation and importation of the 
Debtors’ products and merchandise.  Through the Lien Claimants Motion, the Debtors seek 
authorization, but not direction, to honor and pay Lien Claims and Customs and Regulatory 
Claims. 
133. 
I believe that the Debtors’ failure to honor and satisfy their Lien Claims and 
Customs and Regulatory Claims could interrupt the Debtors’ supply chain and the maintenance of 
the Debtors’ stores and real property facilities.  I believe that the requested authority to pay 
Case 26-90103   Document 17   Filed in TXSB on 01/14/26   Page 58 of 63

=== page 59 ===
59 
prepetition Lien Claims, and Customs and Regulatory Claims is in the best interests of the Debtors 
and their estates and will enable the Debtors to continue to operate their business in chapter 11 
without disruption.  The relief requested in the Lien Claimants Motion is also necessary to preserve 
and maximize value by paying the prepetition claims of goods and services providers that are 
critical to the Debtors’ business enterprise.  Absent the relief requested in the Lien Claimants 
Motion, I believe that the Debtors and their estates would suffer immediate and irreparable harm 
due to significant disruptions to their business operations.   
 
 
Case 26-90103   Document 17   Filed in TXSB on 01/14/26   Page 59 of 63

=== page 60 ===
 
Pursuant to 28 U.S.C. § 1746, I declare under penalty of perjury that the foregoing 
statements are true and correct. 
Dated: January 14, 2026 
 
 
 
/s/ Mark Weinsten 
 
Name: Mark Weinsten 
 
Title:   Chief Restructuring Officer 
Case 26-90103   Document 17   Filed in TXSB on 01/14/26   Page 60 of 63

=== page 61 ===
 
CORPORATE ORGANIZATIONAL CHART 
 
 
Case 26-90103   Document 17   Filed in TXSB on 01/14/26   Page 61 of 63

=== page 62 ===
Class B Common Units
Class B Common Units
78.93%
99.8%
1.
General Partner has a nominal interest (less than .01%). Saks & Company owns 74 shares of Peruvian Corporation and 80% membership interests in Casa Tua Cucina
(Miami) Associates, LLC.
2.
HBC Digital Holdings Inc. holds 1,475,000,000.00 Class B Common Units, Saks Partner Inc. holds 20,000,000.00 Class B Common Units, Saks & Company LLC holds
137,822,874.93 Class A Units and 7,000,000.00 Class B Units, Saks Manhattan (Blocker) Holdings L.P. holds 237,854,919.89 Class A Units, Saks (EU) Manhattan Blocker
Inc. holds 978,224.43 Class A Units and Saks (Cayman) Manhattan Blocker Inc. holds 123,343,980.75 Class A Units of Saks.com Holdings LLC.
3.
Saks & Company LLC and Saks OFF 5TH Partner Inc. hold 781,358,000 Class B Common Units and 8,642,000 Class B Common Units of Saks OFF 5TH Holdings LLC,
respectively. 200,000,000 Class A Preferred Units of Saks OFF 5TH Holdings LLC are held by third parties. Saks & Company LLC holds the sole outstanding Class RS
Preferred Unit of Saks OFF 5TH Holdings LLC. 
4.
Café Beverly SFA Trust is a Grantor trust with Saks & Company LLC as Grantor and beneficiary
5.
HBC Convene Friends & Family L.P. holds a 56.12% interest.
6.
See HBC – US JV Structure Chart.
7.
ABG Intermediate 2 Holdings LLC holds 50% of Authentic Luxury Group, LLC.
8.
HBC Digital LLC is the General Partner of Saks Manhattan (Blocker) Holdings L.P.
0.2%
99.8%
50%
50%
50%
10%
1%
99%
99%
1%
0.2%
32.36%
9.27%
9.9%
43.88%
60.09%
39.91%
HBC GP LLC
(Bermuda)(1)
HBC I L.P.
(Delaware)
Saks
Global Investor
L.P.
(Delaware)
Saks Global Holdings LLC
(Delaware)
Saks
Global 
Enterprises
LLC
(Delaware)
Saks Fifth Avenue
Holdings Inc.
(Delaware)
SFA Holdings Inc.
(Tennessee)
Saks & 
Company LLC(1)
(Delaware)
Saks
Fifth Avenue
HoldCo LLC
(Delaware)
Black Caviar
LLC  
(Delaware)
Saks
Fifth  Avenue
HoldCo II LLC
(Delaware)
Saks
Flagship 
Real Property LLC
(Delaware)
12 East 
49th Street LLC
(Delaware)
SGUS LLC
(Delaware)
Saks
Global US 
Assurance LLC
(District of Columbia)
Nonsuch LLC
(Delaware)
HBC
Convene F&F
Holdings LLC(5)
(Delaware)
GHBC Groupe Holdings, Inc.
(Delaware)
SW
International
Holdings LLC
(Delaware)
Convene Global 
Holdings LLC
(Delaware)
GHBC Shared Services, Inc.
(Delaware)
GHBC Groupe, Inc.
(Delaware)
SW
Real Estate
Services Company
(Saudi Arabia)
GHBC City, Inc.
(Delaware)
GGI Realty Services, Inc.
(New York)
York Factory LLC
(Delaware)
YF Greenwich LLC
(Delaware)
SaksWorks
Bellevue LLC
(Delaware)
HBC US Propco Holdings LLC
(Delaware)
HBC 
Garden
City Leasehold LLC
(Delaware)
HBS 
Leasehold
LLC
(Delaware)
Creative 
Design
 Studios, LLC
(Delaware)
LT Parent
Propco LLC
(Delaware)
Street-Works
Development LLC
(Delaware)
HG Property
Holdings LLC
(Delaware)
LT Propco LLC
(Delaware)
SW Beverly
Hills LLC
(Delaware)
SW Westfield
LLC
(Delaware)
HBC
Wilkes-Barre LLC*
(Delaware)
LT 424 LLC
(Delaware)
HBC 
Woodbridge LLC
(Delaware)
HBC 
Gaithersburg LLC
(Delaware)
HBC
Sterling 
Heights LLC
(Delaware)
HBC Victor LLC
(Delaware)
HBC Sterling 
LLC
(Delaware)
HBS
Global
Properties LLC
(Delaware)(6)
HBC-Simon,
LLC
(Delaware)
The Wellery
Holdings LLC
(Delaware)
The Wellery LLC
(Delaware)
The Wellery
MSO LLC
(Delaware)
GP
GP
*
SWD
Westfield I 
Urban\ Renewal LLC 
(Delaware)
SWD
Westfield II
Urban Renewal LLC 
(Delaware)
SWD
Westfield III 
Urban Renewal LLC 
(Delaware)
SWD
Westfield IV 
Urban Renewal LLC 
(Delaware)
SWD
Westfield V 
Urban Renewal LLC 
(Delaware)
SWD
Westfield VI 
Urban Renewal LLC 
(Delaware) 
SWD
Westfield VII
Urban Renewal LLC 
(Delaware) 
SWD
Westfield VIII
Urban Renewal LLC 
(Delaware)
HBC Digital LLC
(Delaware)
HBC Digital Holdings Inc.
(Delaware)
Saks Manhattan (Blocker)
Holdings L.P.(2)(8)
Saks (Cayman) Manhattan
Blocker Inc.(2)
Saks (EU) Manhattan Blocker
Inc.(2)
Saks Partner Inc.
(Delaware)
Saks.com Midco Partner Inc.
(Delaware)
Saks.com LLC
(Delaware)
Saks.com
International
Holdings LLC
(Delaware)
Saks
Cloud Services 
LLC
(Delaware)
Saks
Global IP
Holdings LLC
(Delaware)
NMG Parent LLC
(Delaware)
NMG Intermediate
LLC
(Delaware)
NMG Holding Company, Inc.
(Delaware)
The
Neiman Marcus
Group LLC 
Delaware)
Bergdorf
Goodman LLC
(Delaware)
NMG Salon 
Holdings LLC
(Delaware)
NMG
Notes PropCo 
LLC
(Delaware)
NMGP, LLC
(Virginia)
NMG
Term Loan
PropCo LLC
(Delaware)
Bergdorf Graphics, Inc.
(New York)
NMG
Salons LLC
(Delaware)
NMG
California
Salon LLC
(California)
NMG
Florida Salon LLC
(Florida)
NMG
Texas Salon LLC
(Texas)
NMG
IP Holdings LLC
(Delaware)
NMG Global Mobility, Inc.
(Delaware)
NM
Bermuda, LLC
(Delaware)
NEMA Beverage Parent
Corporation
(Texas)
NEMA Beverage Holding
Corporation
(Texas)
NEMA Beverage Corporation
(Texas)
Neiman Marcus Bermuda L.P.
(Bermuda)
NMG Asia Holdings Limited
(Hong Kong)
NMG Asia Limited
(Hong Kong)
Neiman Marcus Global
Technology Services Private
Limited
(India)
NM Financial Services, Inc.
(Delaware)
NMG
Interco LLC
(f/k/a Nevada Trust)
(Delaware)
ALG
Aggregator LLC
(Delaware)
Authentic
Luxury Group, LLC
(Delaware)(7)
Saks Global Investments Inc.
(Delaware)
Saks
OFF 5TH
Holdings LLC(3)
(Delaware)
Saks
OFF 5TH LLC
(Delaware)
Luxury
Outlets USA, LLC
(Delaware)
Saks OFF 5TH Midco
Partner Inc.
(Delaware)
Saks Fifth Avenue Puerto
Rico, Inc.
(Delaware)
Veradiam LLC
(Delaware)
Saks
& Company 
Real Property LLC
(Delaware)
Bergdorf 
Goodman 
Holdings LLC
(Delaware)
SCCA
Leasehold LLC
(Delaware)
Corporate Coin 
Company
(Delaware)
SCCA
Store Holdings
Real Property LLC
(Delaware
Merchandise
Credit, LLC
(Virginia)
Saks
Fifth Avenue LLC
(Massachusetts)
Saks
Fifth Avenue
Real Property LLC
(Delaware)
Saks
Columbus Real
Property LLC
(Delaware)
Saks
Direct LLC
(Delaware)
Saks 
Richmond Real
Property LLC
(Delaware)
Club Libby Lu, Inc.
(Illinois)
HBC
Steele LLC
(Delaware)
Fifth
Floor Restaurant
at SFA LLC
(New York)
Sixth
Floor Restaurant
at SFA LLC
(New York)
The Restaurant at Saks Fifth
Avenue Corporation
(New York)
Saks
International
Holding Company
 (Saudi Arabia)
Café
SFA-Minneapolis, LLC
(California)
Cafe Beverly SFA Trust
(Maryland)(4)
Café
Beverly Hills
SFA LLC
(California)
*Saks & Company LLC’s equity in Casa Tua Cucina (Miami) Associates LLC is pledged.
*HBC Wilkes-Barre LLC’s equity in TA Warner Center LLC is pledged.
*The Neiman Marcus Group LLC’s equity in Fashionphile Group, LLC is pledged.
Global Debtors
SO5 Digital Debtors
90%
Saks Global
Corporate Structure Chart 
As of January 11, 2026
Saks.com
Holdings LLC(2)
(Delaware)
0.87%
20.81%
Case 26-90103   Document 17   Filed in TXSB on 01/14/26   Page 62 of 63

=== page 63 ===
Saks TopCo
Corporate Structure Chart
As of December 1, 2025
1. Blue dash lines represent GP units.
2. Black solid lines represent direct ownership. 
3. Red solid lines represent LP/ GP Units.
4. Red dash lines represent Management by Board of HBC GP LLC or investment 
Committee of HBC GP IV LLC, as applicable.
5. Green dash lines represent non‐member Manager.
HBC GP IV LLC
(Bermuda)
HBC IV LP 
(Canada)
HBC GP LLC
(Bermuda)
HBSFA Holdings Ltd.
(Canada)
Existing HBS investors
Mercury 
Aggregator 
LP 
(Delaware)
Mercury  Aggregator 
 Holdco LLC 
(Delaware)
Equityholders
39.91%
60.09%
HBC I L.P.
(Delaware)
Saks Global 
Investor L.P. 
(Delaware)
Saks Global 
Holdings LLC 
(Delaware)
Global Debtors
Case 26-90103   Document 17   Filed in TXSB on 01/14/26   Page 63 of 63

