=== page 1 ===
Case 25-90023   Document 6   Filed in TXSB on 03/03/25   Page 1 of 47

IN THE UNITED STATES BANKRUPTCY COURT

FOR THE SOUTHERN DISTRICT OF TEXAS

x 
: 
: 
: 
: 
: 
: 
: 
x

HOUSTON DIVISION 
------------------------------------------------------------ 
 
In re: 
 
DOCUDATA SOLUTIONS, L.C., et al., 
 
 
 
   Debtors.1 
 
------------------------------------------------------------

Chapter 11 
 
Case No. 25-90023 (CML) 
 
(Joint Administration Requested)  
 
 
 
DECLARATION OF RANDALL S. EISENBERG  
IN SUPPORT OF CHAPTER 11 PETITIONS AND FIRST DAY MOTIONS

I, Randall S. Eisenberg, declare as follows under the penalty of perjury:

1. 
I am the Chief Restructuring Officer of certain parent entities included as debtors

and debtors in possession in the caption above (collectively, the “Debtors” and, together with their

subsidiaries and certain of their non-Debtor affiliates, the “Company”).2  Prior to becoming Chief

Restructuring Officer (which occurred contemporaneously with the filing of the Chapter 11 Cases

(defined below)), I advised the Debtors in my capacity as a Partner and Managing Director at

AlixPartners LLP (“AlixPartners”) which maintains its principal office at 909 3rd Avenue, New

York, NY 10022 and has other offices located throughout the world.  Since December 28, 2024,

AlixPartners has served as restructuring consultant and financial advisor to the Debtors.

2. 
I have held the position of Partner and Managing Director at AlixPartners since

January 2013 where, among other current responsibilities, I serve on the Management Committee

within the Americas for the Turnaround and Restructuring Services practice.

1  
A complete list of each of the Debtors in these chapter 11 cases may be obtained on the website of the Debtors’ 
proposed claims and noticing agent at https://omniagentsolutions.com/DocuDataSolutions.  The Debtors’ mailing 
address for the purposes of these cases is 2701 E. Grauwyler Road, Irving, TX 75061 USA.

2  
For the avoidance of doubt, non-Debtor XBP Europe Holdings, Inc. and its subsidiaries (“XBP Europe”) are 
excluded from the definition of the Company.

=== page 2 ===
Case 25-90023   Document 6   Filed in TXSB on 03/03/25   Page 2 of 47

3. 
I hold a Bachelor of Science degree in Business Administration from the

University of the Pacific and a Master’s in Management from Northwestern University’s Kellogg

Graduate School of Management.  I am a Certified Turnaround Professional, a Certified Public

Accountant, and a Fellow in both the American College of Bankruptcy and the International

Insolvency Institute.  During the course of my career, I have served as the President and Chairman

of the Turnaround Management Association and the Association of Certified Turnaround

Professionals, the latter of which was merged into the Turnaround Management Association.

4. 
I have worked in the turnaround and restructuring field for more than 30 years, and

have been involved with over 100 turnaround and restructuring matters. Prior to joining

AlixPartners in January 2013, I was a Senior Managing Director in FTI Consulting, Inc.’s (“FTI”)

Corporate Finance/Restructuring segment, where I was a member of its leadership team during

most of the approximately 10 years after FTI acquired the practice from PriceWaterhouseCoopers,

LLP in 2002.  At the time of the acquisition, I held the title of Partner at PriceWaterhouseCoopers.

5. 
AlixPartners is one of the largest and most experienced turnaround practices in the

United States and has a wealth of experience providing advisory and interim management services

for companies undergoing transformations, turnarounds, and restructurings.  Its clients include

companies, creditors, corporate parents and financial sponsors, as well as acquirers of

underperforming businesses.

6. 
AlixPartners was engaged by the Debtors as financial advisor in late December

2024 to assist the Debtors with efforts to de-lever their balance sheet.  More specifically,

AlixPartners was engaged to assist in various activities including, but not limited to:  (a) cash

forecasting and managing liquidity; (b) negotiating with creditors; (c) developing a business plan;

2

=== page 3 ===
Case 25-90023   Document 6   Filed in TXSB on 03/03/25   Page 3 of 47

and (d) planning for a potential chapter 11 filing. I have been involved with and directed others

from AlixPartners in the preparation for these Chapter 11 Cases (as defined below).

7. 
I am authorized to submit this declaration (the “Declaration”) on behalf of the

Debtors.  As a result of my experience with the Debtors, I am familiar with the Debtors’ businesses,

financial matters, operating results, business plan, liquidity profile, and restructuring process

including creditor negotiations.

8. 
Except as otherwise indicated, all statements set forth in this Declaration are based

on my personal knowledge, my discussions with other members of the Debtors’ management team,

employees, and other advisors, my review of relevant documents, and/or my opinion based on my

experience, knowledge, and information concerning the Debtors’ operations and financial

condition.  Any references to the Bankruptcy Code (as defined below), the chapter 11 process, and

related legal matters herein reflect my understanding of such matters based on the explanations

provided by Debtors’ counsel.  If called to testify, I would testify competently to the facts set forth

in this Declaration.

9. 
On the date hereof (the “Petition Date”), the Debtors filed voluntary petitions

(the “Petitions”) in the United States Bankruptcy Court for the Southern District of Texas

(the “Court”) commencing cases (the “Chapter 11 Cases”) for relief under chapter 11 of title 11

of the United States Code, 11 U.S.C. §§ 101–1532 (the “Bankruptcy Code”).  I submit this

Declaration in support of the Debtors’ Petitions and the “first-day” motions and applications that

are being filed with the Court concurrently herewith (collectively, the “First Day Pleadings”).

10. 
The Company operates a highly integrated global services business, operating in

multiple countries with over 11,000 employees servicing approximately 1,550 customers.  Given

the nature of its business, its customers and their arrangements with the Company, and the

3

=== page 4 ===
Case 25-90023   Document 6   Filed in TXSB on 03/03/25   Page 4 of 47

international scope of its operations, the Debtors and their lenders are rightly concerned that an

extended stay chapter 11 is likely to result in significant disruption, potential business degradation,

and loss of market share, revenue, and enterprise value, all of which would not easily be regained

following emergence, if ever.  Accordingly, through exhaustive negotiations spanning the past two

months, the Debtors and their lenders are anticipating a rapid resolution of these Chapter 11 Cases,

setting up the Debtors for success on a post-reorganized basis.

11. 
Members of an ad hoc group of holders of the Debtors’ April 2026 Notes (defined

below) holding, in aggregate, approximately 73.7% of unaffiliated bonds (the “Ad Hoc April 2026

Group”) have agreed to provide postpetition financing to the Debtors in the amount of $80 million

of new money (the “DIP Facility”).  Upon emergence, the DIP Facility will roll into an exit

facility, totaling $245 million, comprised of the DIP Facility, plus $60 million in additional new

money, certain fees, and April 2026 Notes that were rolled up into the DIP Facility (the “Exit

Facility”).

12. 
In connection with the entry into the DIP Facility, the Debtors reached an

agreement with the Ad Hoc April 2026 Group on a non-binding term sheet (the “Restructuring

Term Sheet”) that contemplates an expedited “prearranged” chapter 11 plan that will be filed

shortly after the commencement of the cases implementing the terms of the Restructuring Term

Sheet. The Restructuring Term Sheet also enjoys the support of entities affiliated with the Debtors

holding, in aggregate, approximately 30.7% of April 2026 Notes (the “Affiliated Bondholders”).

Accordingly, in total, the Restructuring Term Sheet has the support of holders of over 81.7%, in

aggregate, of outstanding April 2026 Notes.

13. 
Pursuant to the Restructuring Term Sheet, the Debtors, the Ad Hoc April 2026

Group, and the Affiliated Bondholders will have ten (10) business days from the Petition Date to

4

=== page 5 ===
Case 25-90023   Document 6   Filed in TXSB on 03/03/25   Page 5 of 47

reach agreement on the terms of a restructuring support agreement and plan of reorganization that

will implement the transactions contemplated by the Restructuring Term Sheet, subject to a further

ten (10) business-day extension.  Accordingly, in the days following the commencement of the

Chapter 11 Cases, the Debtors intend to enter into a restructuring support agreement and file a

chapter 11 plan of reorganization consistent with the Restructuring Term Sheet, along with a

corresponding disclosure statement and motion for approval of the disclosure statement and

associated solicitation procedures.

14. 
The Debtors seek the relief set forth in the First Day Pleadings to minimize any

adverse effects from the commencement of the Chapter 11 Cases on their businesses.  I have

reviewed the Debtors’ Petitions and the First Day Pleadings, or have otherwise had their contents

explained to me by counsel and the Debtors’ other advisors, and it is my belief that the relief sought

therein is essential to ensure the uninterrupted operation of the Debtors’ businesses and to

successfully maximize the value of the Debtors’ estates for the benefit of all parties in interest.

15. 
To familiarize this Court with the Debtors, their businesses, the circumstances

leading to the commencement of the Chapter 11 Cases, the objectives of the Chapter 11 Cases,

and the relief the Debtors are seeking in the First Day Pleadings, this Declaration is organized as

follows:

 Part I provides an overview of the Company’s business operations, corporate structure,

history, and prepetition indebtedness.

 Part II describes the circumstances leading to the commencement of the Chapter 11

Cases.

 Part III summarizes the terms of the Debtors’ proposed restructuring and the Debtors’

objectives for the Chapter 11 Cases.

 Part IV lists the First Day Pleadings and the relief requested therein.

5

=== page 6 ===
Case 25-90023   Document 6   Filed in TXSB on 03/03/25   Page 6 of 47

I. 
COMPANY BACKGROUND

A. 
The Company’s Corporate Structure

16. 
As reflected in the organizational chart attached hereto as Exhibit A-1 (the

“Company Organizational Chart”), non-Debtor Exela Technologies, Inc. (“Exela” or

“Parent”)—a corporation incorporated under the laws of the state of Delaware—directly or

indirectly owns and controls a large, worldwide enterprise comprised of approximately 134

entities.  As set forth on the organizational chart attached hereto as Exhibit A-2 (the “Debtors

Organizational Chart”), the Debtors in these Chapter 11 Cases are sixty (60) entities within the

Company’s larger corporate structure.  An alphabetical listing of all the Debtors is attached hereto

as Exhibit B.  The fifty-seven (57) domestic Debtors are organized under the laws of the following

states:  Delaware, Texas, Florida, Iowa, Minnesota, South Carolina, Nevada, New Jersey, and

Pennsylvania.  The three (3) foreign Debtors are Canadian entities organized under the laws of

Ontario and Nova Scotia.3

B. 
The Company’s History

17. 
The Parent, formerly known as Quinpario Acquisition Corp. 2 (“Quinpario”), was

originally formed as a special purpose acquisition company on July 15, 2014, and completed an

initial public offering on January 22, 2015.  Following the strategic combination of SourceHOV

Holdings, Inc. (“SourceHOV”), a leading global transaction processing company, and Novitex

Holding, Inc. (“Novitex”), a cloud-based document outsourcing and onsite staffing company,

pursuant to a business combination agreement dated February 21, 2017 (the “Novitex Business

3  
Debtors Novitex Enterprise Solutions Canada, Inc. and BancTec (Canada), Inc. are formed under Ontario law and 
Debtor SourceHOV Canada Company is formed under Nova Scotia law.

6

=== page 7 ===
Case 25-90023   Document 6   Filed in TXSB on 03/03/25   Page 7 of 47

Combination”),4 Parent was renamed as “Exela Technologies, Inc.” and began trading under the

ticker symbol “XELA” on The Nasdaq Stock Market (“NASDAQ”) on July 13, 2017.5

C. 
The Company’s Business Operations and Revenue

1. 
Overview of the Company’s Business

18. 
The Company is a global leader in business process automation and uses its

international reach and proprietary technology to provide high-quality payments processing and

digital transformation solutions to its clients throughout the Americas and Asia that improve

efficiency and reduce operating costs.  The Company has served over 60% of the Fortune® 100

companies.  For the calendar year 2024, the Company generated approximately $856 million in

revenue from over 1,550 global customers.  The Company provides mission-critical services to

some of the leading global banks and financial institutions, healthcare payers and providers, and

global brands.  Such services include, without limitation, finance and accounting solutions and

services, payment technologies and services, healthcare payer and revenue cycle management,

along with hyper automation and ‘work from anywhere’ solutions, enterprise information

management, integrated communications and marketing automation solutions, and digital

solutions for enterprise customers.

19. 
Specifically, the Company combines data and user-friendly software and platforms

which, together with the services offered by its employees, enable customers to improve the

efficiency of their operations.  The Company has adopted a global delivery model and hosts

solutions in its data centers, in the cloud, or directly from customers’ premises.  The Company’s

4  
The Novitex Business Combination closed in closed in July 2017.

5  
As reflected on the Company Organizational Chart attached hereto as Exhibit B-1, one of Exela’s indirect 
subsidiaries is XBP Europe Holdings, Inc. (“XBP Europe”).  Exela indirectly owns approximately 71.8% of the 
outstanding capital stock of XBP Europe.  XBP Europe’s stock is publicly traded on NASDAQ with the ticker 
symbol “XBP.”

7

=== page 8 ===
Case 25-90023   Document 6   Filed in TXSB on 03/03/25   Page 8 of 47

location-agnostic solutions, coupled with its flexible hosting capabilities and global work force,

enables the Company to provide its services across numerous industries in both the public and

private sectors, including banking, healthcare, insurance, and manufacturing.

a. 
Operating Segments

20. 
The Company operates its business in three primary segments

 Information and Transaction Processing Solutions (“ITPS”).  ITPS is the

Company’s largest segment and includes a wide range of solutions and services 
for customers primarily in the financial services, commercial, and public sectors, 
and legal industries.  The ITPS segment accounted for approximately 64.1% (or 
$548.7 million) of 2024 revenue.

 Healthcare Solutions (“HS”).  The HS segment includes the Company’s

outsourcing business that specializes in the healthcare provider and payer markets.  
In calendar year 2024, the HS segment generated approximately 27.1% (or $231.9 
million) of revenue  Among other services, the HS segment  processes 
approximately 900,000 claims a day, reducing patient claim denials, and 
alleviating system bottlenecks in the healthcare payments space.

 Legal & Loss Prevention Services (“LLPS”).  The Company’s LLPS segment

provides services in connection with class action settlement administration, claims 
adjudication, labor, and other legal matters.  In calendar year 2024, the LLPS 
segment generated approximately 8.8% (or $75.3 million) of revenue.

b. 
Product Offerings

21. 
The Company derives its revenue from the following services and solutions:

(a) Finance & Accounting Solutions; (b) Payment Technologies and Services; (c) Healthcare

Payers and Revenue Cycle Management; (d) Work from Anywhere Solutions; (e) Enterprise

Information Management; (f) Integrated Communications and Marketing Automation Solutions;

and (g) Digital Solutions for Enterprise Customers.

22. 
 Finance & Accounting (“F&A”) Solutions.  The Company offers a

comprehensive suite of F&A solutions.  For example, the Company’s exchange for bills and

payments platform, also known as ‘XBP’ (“XBP”), enables billers, consumers, and businesses to

communicate and transact on one platform that can connect to any customer system without

8

=== page 9 ===
Case 25-90023   Document 6   Filed in TXSB on 03/03/25   Page 9 of 47

significant capital investment.  XBP provides the critical billing components that integrate with

the Company’s related solution suites and covers entire lifecycles for both Procure-to-Pay

solutions (“P2P”) and Order-to-Cash solutions (“O2C”), the components of which are designed to

complement the customer’s other existing automated solutions.  The XBP platform is a user-

friendly and highly adaptable platform exchange, and includes services such as secure messaging

that allows billers, consumers, and businesses to effectively communicate and transact.

23. 
Both the O2C and P2P solution suites are components of the XBP platform.  The

O2C solutions help clients automate the customer order fulfillment process.  This process includes

delivering customer orders, preparing invoices, and managing accounts receivable collection.

O2C solutions consolidate incoming payments and enhance clients’ treasury management

functions.  Specifically, to maximize sales efficiencies, clients can leverage integrated receivables

dashboards, multi-channel bill presentment and payment system, reconciliation services,

exceptions and disputes management platform, aging analytics, collections management, and

targeted engagement services.  These capabilities significantly increase the accuracy of payment

posting for clients and lower payment processing time.

24. 
P2P solutions, in turn, automate the clients’ goods-procurement process.  The

process begins when a purchase order is entered on the P2P platform and, once approved, the

purchase order moves to procurement where bids are solicited from an existing supplier network.

After a bid is approved, the P2P platform records the receipt of the goods and then processes the

transaction.  In certain cases, the Company’s employees process an order, once approved, the

purchase is manually recorded in the customer’s system for payment.  The Company’s P2P

platform then generates a payment file that is formatted to relevant bank requirements so that

payment can be efficiently processed.  Ultimately, the P2P platform provides a complete solution

9

=== page 10 ===
Case 25-90023   Document 6   Filed in TXSB on 03/03/25   Page 10 of 47

for customers’ procurement needs.

25. 
Payment Technologies and Services.  In addition to solutions and services that can

be used across industries, the Company has also developed industry-specific solutions to meet

selected client’s needs.  For example, the Company’s financial solutions provide, among other

services, payment, lending, and information management services.  In addition to checks and credit

cards, the Company handles other payment channels such as the automated clearing house (ACH).

The Company performs such services on behalf of its client or its clients’ banks, and manages both

business-to-business and business-to-consumer transactions.

26. 
Through its extensive experience in payment management, the Company has also

developed proprietary integrated receivables-processing technology, which consolidates

transactions across disparate payment channels into a single payment platform connected to the

XBP network.  The Company plans to offer this technology as a branded or private label solution

to banking customers.

27. 
Healthcare Payers and Revenue Cycle Management.  The Company has also

developed specific offerings for the healthcare industry.  The Company bundles core solutions

with a suite of healthcare payer (insurer) and healthcare provider-specific services such as end-to-

end revenue cycle management (“RCM”), including revenue integrity solutions, enrollments and

credentialing, claims processing, adjudication, and payment operations.  These services generate

value for clients in the healthcare industry by simplifying complex healthcare transactions that

require multiple layers of validation, supporting document digitization, and reconciliation.

28. 
Additionally, PCH Global is the Company’s cloud-based claims processing

platform, which streamlines claims submission and payment process making it easier for

healthcare providers and payers to manage claims timely, cost efficiently and to comply with

10

=== page 11 ===
Case 25-90023   Document 6   Filed in TXSB on 03/03/25   Page 11 of 47

regulations.  PCH Global processes approximately 900,000 claims a day, reduces claim denials,

and helps alleviate system bottlenecks in the healthcare payments space.

29. 
Work From Anywhere Services.  The Company has developed three solutions that

track the advancements in cognitive automation and support work from all locations whether it be

onsite, offsite, or hybrid.  First, the Company’s robotic process automation solution, EON™,

leverages intelligent automation to make clients’ businesses more productive.  Specifically,

EON™ empowers clients to create task-specific bots to take over repetitive, rule-based

assignments.  Second, ExelaBEATS™ provides a collaborative project management software that

allows working groups to manage their workflow and collaborate.  Team members can create their

own workflow or select from existing ExelaBEATS™ workflows to effectively manage their

projects and monitor the status of tasks in real time.  Third, DrySign™ enables a digital signature

platform that helps digitize both internal and external sign-off processes.  Ultimately, the Company

leverages automated tools and customized solutions to enhance its clients’ operations and

efficiency.

30. 
Enterprise Information Management (“EIM”).  The Company provides EIM

solutions to help clients organize, process and store large amounts of data in cloud-enabled

proprietary platforms.  The EIM systems process and host billions of critical records for a variety

of businesses across a number of industries.

31. 
Integrated Communications and Marketing Automation Solutions.  The

Company also has comprehensive multi-channel integrated communications solutions to help

clients reach their end-customers and other businesses effectively.  For example, the Company’s

Marketing Execution Services (“XME”) is a marketing platform that enables clients to execute a

complete end-to-end marketing strategy.  XME™ features a Digital Storefront that allows users to

11

=== page 12 ===
Case 25-90023   Document 6   Filed in TXSB on 03/03/25   Page 12 of 47

improve brand control and deliver a polished e-commerce experience to their end-customers.  It

also supports omni-channel communication options such as direct mail, email, landing pages, web

banners, social sharing, and call center tracking, with analytics reporting and data visualization

available as needed.  In addition, the Company’s business critical print and mail and strategic

sourcing services enable clients to optimize their business communications.

32. 
Digital Solutions for Enterprise Customers.  The Company also offers several

digital solutions to enterprise clients.  For example, the digital mailroom (“DMR”) solutions

leverage proprietary technology to process a significant number of daily mail collection tasks.

Once mail is received, the DMR platform processes it and routes it to the appropriate person at an

organization, where it appears as an item in the DMR inbox, further enabling ‘work from

anywhere’.  The Company offers DMR for enterprise wide deployment from captive mailrooms

in client locations to businesses where there is no dedicated mailroom.

2. 
The Company’s Facilities and Employees

33. 
The Company maintains its headquarters in Irving, Texas, with members of its

management team also based in Troy, Michigan, and Santa Monica, California.  As to the Debtors

themselves, the Debtors maintain numerous facilities as set forth in Exhibit C.

34. 
The Company has approximately 11,000 employees across five (5) countries.  Of

those, approximately 4,700 are employed by the Debtors as of the Petition Date.6  In terms of the

global workforce of the Company, almost half of the Company’s global workforce is based in the

Americas (with most employees based in the U.S., and additional employees in Canada and

Mexico), and the balance is based in India and the Philippines.

6  
The Debtors’ employees are distributed geographically as follows:  (1) U.S. (4, 139); (2) Canada (282); 
(3) Mexico (241).

12

=== page 13 ===
Case 25-90023   Document 6   Filed in TXSB on 03/03/25   Page 13 of 47

D. 
The Debtors’ Prepetition Capital Structure

1. 
Funded Secured and Unsecured Debt

35. 
As set forth in the following table, as of the Petition Date, the Debtors have

approximately $1.315 billion of secured and unsecured funded debt obligations.

Debt 
Relevant Parties 
Maturity Date 
Outstanding 
Principal Amount7

Senior Secured Term Loan (Blue

Torch Facility)

 Borrower:  Exela Intermediate 
 Borrower:  Exela Finance  
July 11, 2026 
$38,500,000

$1,252,267,105

April 2026 Notes 
 Issuer:  Exela Intermediate 
 Co-Issuer:  Exela Finance 
April 15, 2026

(of which 
approximately 
$383,984,010 is 
held by certain non-

Debtor affiliates)8

$23,953,211 (of 
which $1,211 is held

July 2026 Notes9 
 Issuer:  Exela Intermediate 
 Co-Issuer:  Exela Finance 
July 15, 2026

by certain non-
Debtor affiliates)

$1,314,720,316

a. 
Senior Secured Term Loan (the “Blue Torch Facility”)

36. 
On July 11, 2023, Debtor Exela Intermediate LLC (“Exela Intermediate”) and

Debtor Exela Finance, Inc. (“Exela Finance”), entered into that certain financing agreement (the

“Blue Torch Financing Agreement”) with Blue Torch Credit Opportunities Fund III LP, Blue

Torch Credit Opportunities Unlevered Fund III LP, BTC Holdings SBAF Fund LLC, BTC

Holdings KRS Fund LLC, and  BTC Holdings SBAF Fund-B LLC, as lenders (collectively, the

7  
The Outstanding Principal Amounts listed herein exclude the unpaid accrued interest under each debt facility.  In 
addition, such balances may differ from the figures listed in the DTC-based register due to certain differences 
with DTC accounting conventions.

8  
The amount of April 2026 Notes held by certain non-Debtor affiliates is exclusive of the $6 million of such notes 
sold to external holders in January 2025.

9  
As discussed below, the July 2026 Notes were originally secured obligations of the Company but pursuant to the 
terms of the Supplemental Indenture (defined below), all collateral securing the July 2026 Notes pursuant to the 
Security Agreement was released and, accordingly, the July 2026 Notes are no longer secured obligations of the 
Company.

13

=== page 14 ===
Case 25-90023   Document 6   Filed in TXSB on 03/03/25   Page 14 of 47

“Blue Torch Lenders”), and Blue Torch Finance LLC (the “Blue Torch Facility Agent”), as

administrative and collateral agent.  Pursuant to the Blue Torch Financing Agreement, the Blue

Torch Lenders agreed to extend a $40 million term loan to the Debtors (the “Senior Secured Term

Loan”).  As of the Petition Date, the principal amount outstanding under the Blue Torch Financing

Agreement is approximately $38.5 million.

37. 
Pursuant to that certain pledge and security agreement dated as of July 11, 2023

(the “Blue Torch Pledge and Security Agreement”), the obligations arising pursuant to the Blue

Torch Financing Agreement are secured by security interests in all or substantially all personal

property and fixtures of the grantors thereunder.10

b. 
April 2026 Notes

38. 
On July 11, 2023, Debtors Exela Intermediate and Exela Finance (together, the

“Issuers”), certain guarantors thereunder,11 and U.S. Bank Trust Company, National Association,

as indenture trustee (the “April 2026 Notes Trustee”), executed an indenture (the “April 2026

Notes Indenture”)12 pursuant to which the Issuers issued approximately $1.082 billion aggregate

principal amount of 11.5% first-priority senior secured notes due April 15, 2026 (the “April 2026

Notes”), of which approximately $314 million were issued to affiliates of the Debtors, which

includes April 2026 Notes issued (a) as consideration in the discounted exchange (the “2023

Exchange”) of $956.0 million aggregate principal amount of the July 2026 Notes (defined below),

(b) as consideration for the private exchange of certain term loans (none of which remain

outstanding), (c) in exchange for certain secured notes held by affiliates of the Debtors (none of

10   The guarantors thereunder are comprised of all Debtor entities, except for Exela Intermediate and Exela Finance.

11  The guarantors thereunder are comprised of each of the Debtors, except for Exela Finance, Exela Intermediate, 
Debtor Exela Technologies BPA, LLC, Debtor SIG-GP, L.L.C., and Services Integration Group, L.P.

12  Wilmington Savings Fund Society, FSB served as collateral agent (the “First-Priority Collateral Agent”) for the 
First-Priority Secured Parties (as defined therein).

14

=== page 15 ===
Case 25-90023   Document 6   Filed in TXSB on 03/03/25   Page 15 of 47

which remain outstanding), and (d) to certain non-Debtor affiliates in satisfaction of prior cash

payments made by such non-Debtor affiliates to or on behalf of the Issuers.

39. 
The interest on the April 2026 Notes has historically been partly paid in kind,

subject to the terms of the April 2026 Notes Indenture.  As a result of the foregoing PIK Interest

and the issuance of additional April 2026 Notes from time to time in accordance with the April

2026 Notes Indenture, the outstanding principal amount as of the Petition Date is approximately

$1.252 billion.  Certain non-Debtor affiliates of the Debtors hold approximately $384 million in

principal amount of the April 2026 Notes.13

40. 
The Issuers’ obligations under the April 2026 Notes (the “April 2026 Notes

Obligations”) are secured by the terms of the “Security Documents” as defined in the April 2026

Notes Indenture.  Under the Security Documents, the April 2026 Notes Obligations are first

priority senior secured obligations of the Issuers and the guarantors thereunder.  Specifically, the

obligations are secured by security interests in substantially all of the existing and future assets of

the Issuers and the grantors thereunder.

c. 
Intercreditor Agreement14

41. 
The respective rights of the April 2026 Notes Trustee, First-Priority Collateral

Agent, and the Blue Torch Facility Agent (collectively, the “Intercreditor Agreement Parties”)

with respect to their shared collateral are governed by that certain intercreditor agreement, dated

as of July 11, 2023, by and between the Intercreditor Agreement Parties, the Issuers, and certain

guarantors thereunder (as may be amended from time to time, the “Intercreditor Agreement”).

13  The non-Debtor affiliate holders of April 2026 Notes include GP 3XCV LLC and XCV-STS LLC.

14  Certain Debtors are party to a Pari First Lien Intercreditor Agreement (the “Pari Intercreditor”) dated as of July 
12, 2017.  While the Pari Intercreditor has not been terminated, there are no outstanding debt obligations 
underlying this agreement.

15

=== page 16 ===
Case 25-90023   Document 6   Filed in TXSB on 03/03/25   Page 16 of 47

The Intercreditor Agreement governs, among other items, the lien priorities and subordination of

the relevant collateral as well as the enforcement rights of each Intercreditor Agreement Party.

Notably, the Intercreditor Agreement also governs the respective rights of the Intercreditor

Agreement Parties in connection with insolvency proceedings, including post-petition financing.

d. 
The July 2026 Notes (Unsecured)

42. 
On December 9, 2021, the Issuers, certain guarantors thereunder15, and U.S. Bank

National Association, as trustee (the “July 2026 Notes Trustee”), entered into that certain

indenture (the “July 2026 Notes Indenture”) 16 pursuant to which the Issuers issued certain 11.5%

first-priority senior secured notes due July 15, 2026,  (the “July 2026 Notes”).17

43. 
The Issuers’ obligations under the July 2026 Notes (the “July 2026 Notes

Obligations”) were secured by that certain collateral agency and security agreement (as further

amended, supplemented, modified, extended, renewed, restated, refunded or refinanced from time

to time, the “Security Agreement”) dated as of July 12, 2017 and any additional relevant security

agreements, pledge agreements, collateral assignments and mortgages (together with the Security

Agreement, the “Security Documents”).18  Prior to the 2023 Exchange, the Security Documents

(subject to the conditions thereof) provided that the July 2026 Notes Obligations were secured by

security interests in, and liens upon, all or substantially all assets of, among other parties, Exela

Finance and Exela Intermediate.

15  The guarantors thereunder are comprised of by substantially the same guarantors as the April 2026 Notes except 
for entities formed after December 2021.

16  Wilmington Savings Fund Society, FSB served as collateral agent (the “First-Priority Collateral Agent”) for the 
First-Priority Secured Parties (as defined therein).

17  Interest on the July 2026 Notes is payable on January 15 and July 15 of each year.

18  The Security Agreement was initially executed in connection with the 10.000% First-Priority Senior Secured 
Notes due 2023 issued on July 12, 2017 (the “Old Notes”).

16

=== page 17 ===
Case 25-90023   Document 6   Filed in TXSB on 03/03/25   Page 17 of 47

44. 
As of January 1, 2023, the aggregate principal amount of the Company’s

indebtedness under the July 2026 Notes was approximately $1.278 billion (inclusive of amounts

held by certain affiliates).  However, following the 2023 Exchange and certain periodic debt

repurchases by the Company, only approximately $24 million in aggregate principal amount

remained outstanding under the July 2026 Notes as of the Petition Date (of which certain non-

Debtor affiliates hold approximately $1,211.00).19  Further, on July 11, 2023, the Issuers, April

2026 Notes Trustee (as successor to the July 2026 Notes Trustee), and Wilmington Savings Fund

Society, FSB, as collateral agent executed a seventh supplemental indenture (the “Supplemental

Indenture”) to govern the July 2026 Notes.  The Supplemental Indenture eliminated substantially

all restrictive covenants and certain events of default, including those relating to covenant or

warranty breaches, cross-acceleration rights, certain insolvency events and judgments, contained

in the July 2026 Notes Indenture and the July 2026 Notes.  Notably, all collateral securing the July

2026 Notes pursuant to the Security Agreement was released under the Supplemental Indenture.

Accordingly, the July 2026 Notes are no longer secured obligations.

45. 
On March 3, 2025, U.S. Bank Trust Company, National Association (as the

successor in interest to the July 2026 Notes Trustee) sent a letter to the Debtors (the “Default

Letter”), advising that an event of default had occurred under the July 2026 Notes Indenture.  The

Issuers reserve all rights with respect to the Default Letter.

2. 
Tax Liabilities

46. 
As a result of the late payment of certain Q4 2023 payroll tax obligations,

Automatic Data Processing, Inc. (“ADP”) suspended the payroll processing services it had

19  The non-Debtor affiliate holders of the July 2026 Notes include GP 3XCV LLC, GP 2XCV LLC, and XCV-STS 
LLC.

17

=== page 18 ===
Case 25-90023   Document 6   Filed in TXSB on 03/03/25   Page 18 of 47

historically provided to the Debtors, leaving the Debtors without access to certain payroll data and

making the filing of federal, state, and local quarterly tax returns impracticable.  Challenges related

to determining the amounts that were due and the process to remit, as well as the subsequent

liquidity constraints that the Debtors were facing, led to the failure of certain of the Debtors (the

“Debtor Payroll Entities”)20 to timely remit certain amounts to federal, state, and local taxing

authorities.  Such amounts included (a) federal “trust fund taxes” (which are owed by the employee

but held by an employer “in trust” for the government), (b) federal non-trust fund payroll taxes

(which are owed directly by the employer to the government, including employer contributions to

Social Security), and (c) state and local payroll taxes.  As of the Petition Date, these payroll-related

tax obligations are asserted in the amount of approximately $34.9 million (inclusive of $2.1 million

in interest and $9.9 million in failure-to-file and other penalties) (collectively, the “Payroll Tax

Obligations”).

47. 
Separately, Exela, like many other companies, enrolled in CARES Act-related

deferral programs that allowed the Debtors to defer a portion of Social Security taxes (FICA) for

the fiscal years 2020 through 2023.  As of the end of fiscal year 2023, the Debtor Payroll Entities

had approximately $14 million in outstanding CARES Act-related taxes, but the Debtors

subsequently paid approximately $5.7 million of this liability.  As of the Petition Date, these

CARES Act payroll-related tax obligations are asserted in the amount of approximately $7.3

million (the interest on unpaid deferred Social Security is approximately $2 million, while the

20  The Debtor Payroll Entities include the following Debtor entities:  SOURCECORP BPS Inc.; Banc Tec Inc,; 
Economic Research Services Inc.; HOV Services Inc.; HOVG LLC; J & B Software Inc.; Managed Care 
Professionals LLC; Novitex Government Solutions LLC; Regulus Group LLC; Regulus Integrate Solutions Inc.; 
Rust Consulting Inc.; Sourcecorp Management Inc.; SourceHOV Healthcare Inc.; United Information Services 
Inc.; and Exela Enterprise Solutions Inc.

18

=== page 19 ===
Case 25-90023   Document 6   Filed in TXSB on 03/03/25   Page 19 of 47

penalty on unpaid deferred Social Security is approximately $1.9 million) (the “CARES Tax

Obligations”).

48. 
In addition, as of the Petition Date, certain of the Debtors (the “Debtor Sales Tax

Entities”) owed a total asserted amount of approximately $2,671,303 to certain state taxing

authorities on account of sales taxes (collectively, the “Sales Tax Obligations”).21  Separately,

Debtor Pangea Acquisitions Inc. owed a total asserted amount of approximately $96,632 to certain

state taxing authorities (collectively, the “Franchise Tax Obligations”).  And, certain of the

Debtors (the “Debtor Property Tax Entities”) owed a total asserted amount of approximately

$954,238 to certain state taxing authorities on account of property taxes (collectively, the

“Property Tax Obligations”).22

49. 
Lastly, as of the Petition Date, Debtor Novitex Enterprise Solutions Canada, Inc

owed a total asserted amount of approximately $1,564,472 to Canadian taxing authorities on

account of sales tax and audit assessments (collectively, the “Canadian Tax Obligations” and,

together with the Payroll Tax Obligations, the Sales Tax Obligations, the Franchise Tax

Obligations, the Property Tax Obligations, and CARES Tax Obligations, the “Outstanding Tax

Obligations”).

50. 
Although the Debtors dispute portions of the Outstanding Tax Obligations deemed

owed (and reserve all rights with respect to same), the Debtors acknowledge that certain amounts

are owed on account of such obligations as of the Petition Date.  The Debtors recognize that,

pursuant to Section 1129(a)(9)(C) of the Bankruptcy Code, unless the applicable taxing authority

21  The Debtor Sales Tax Entities include the following Debtor entities:  Exela Enterprise Solutions, Inc.; United 
Information Services, Inc.; and BancTec, Inc.

22  The Debtors Property Tax Entities include the following Debtor entities:  BancTec, Inc.; SourceHOV LLC; 
Novitex Holdings, Inc.; and TransCentra, Inc.

19

=== page 20 ===
Case 25-90023   Document 6   Filed in TXSB on 03/03/25   Page 20 of 47

agrees to less favorable treatment, the Debtors will need to either (i) pay those Outstanding Tax

Obligations afforded priority treatment under the Bankruptcy Code in full in cash or (ii) pay such

amounts over a period not more than five (5) years after the Petition Date to achieve confirmation

of a plan of reorganization.

3. 
Unsecured Debt

51. 
In addition to their secured and unsecured funded debt, the Debtors have customary,

ordinary-course unsecured debt, including amounts owed to trade vendors and landlords.  The

Company routinely incurs fixed, liquidated, and undisputed payment obligations in the ordinary

course of business to various third-party providers of goods and services.  As of the Petition Date,

the Debtors estimate that approximately $41 million (excluding intercompany amounts but

including estimated accruals) of trade debt is outstanding.  Certain of these claims are entitled to

statutory priority, including under section 503(b)(9) of the Bankruptcy Code.  The Company also

has certain lease obligations.  The Debtors estimate that an average of approximately $1.6 million

accrues on account of lease and occupancy-related expenses each month.

E. 
Securitization and Other Receivables Financing Arrangements

52. 
The Company maintains three trade receivables financing arrangements: the PNC

AR Facility (as defined below), the Second Lien Note (as defined below) and the BR Exar AR

Facility (as defined below) (collectively, the “Receivables Facilities”).  The workings of the

Receivables Facilities, and their proposed treatment during and as a result of these Chapter 11

Cases, is described in greater detail in the Securitization Motion23 and the Cash Management

23  “Securitization Motion” means Emergency Motion of Debtors for Entry of Interim and Final Orders 
(I) Authorizing  Certain Debtors to Continue Selling, Contributing and Servicing Receivables and Related Rights 
Pursuant to the Securitization Program, (II) Modifying the Automatic Stay, (III) Scheduling a Final Hearing, and 
(IV) Granting Related Relief.

20

=== page 21 ===
Case 25-90023   Document 6   Filed in TXSB on 03/03/25   Page 21 of 47

Motion.24  The following chart sets forth the obligations outstanding under the Receivables

Facilities as of the Petition Date:

Facilities 
Relevant Parties 
Maturity 
Outstanding Principal

June 17,

2025 
$94,300,000

PNC AR Facility 
 Originators: Following Debtor entities: 
BancTec, 
Inc.; 
Economic 
Research 
Services, Inc.; Exela Enterprise Solutions, 
Inc.; HOV Enterprise Services, Inc.; HOV 
Services, Inc.; HOV Services, LLC; J & B 
Software, Inc.; Novitex Government 
Solutions, LLC; Regulus Group LLC; 
Regulus 
Group 
II 
LLC; 
Regulus 
Integrated 
Solutions 
LLC; 
SOURCECORP 
BPS 
Inc.; 
SOURCECORP 
Management, 
Inc.; 
SourceHOV Healthcare, Inc; and United 
Information Services, Inc. 
 Seller: Non-Debtor Exela Receivables 
3, LLC  
 Pledgor: Non-Debtor Exela Receivables 
3 Holdco LLC

June 17,

2025 
$22,625,000

Second Lien Note 
 Borrower: 
 
Non-Debtor 
Exela 
Receivables 3 Holdco, LLC

- 
$9,981,630

BR Exar Accounts 
Receivable Facility

 Originators: Debtor Novitex Enterprise 
Solutions Canada, Inc., Debtor Rust 
Consulting, Inc., Debtor HOVG LLC, 
Debtor BancTec (Canada) Inc., and 
Debtor SourceHOV Canada Company 
 Seller: Non-Debtor Exela BR SPV LLC

$126,925,000

1. 
The PNC Accounts Receivable Facility

53. 
On June 17, 2022, non-Debtor Exela Receivables 3 LLC (“Receivables 3”), as

seller, and non-Debtor Exela Receivables 3 Holdco, LLC (“Receivables 3 Holdco,” and together

with Receivables 3, the “SPEs”), as pledgor, Parent, as initial servicer, PNC Bank, National

Association (“PNC”), as administrative agent for the benefit of the secured parties (the “PNC

Securitization Secured Parties”) and as letters of credit bank, PNC Capital Markets LLC, as

24  “Cash Management Motion” means the Emergency Motion of Debtors for Entry of Interim and Final Orders 
(I) Authorizing Debtors to (A) Continue Existing Cash Management System, (B) Maintain Existing Business 
Forms and Intercompany Arrangements, and (C) Continue Intercompany Transactions and (II) Granting Related 
Relief.

21

=== page 22 ===
Case 25-90023   Document 6   Filed in TXSB on 03/03/25   Page 22 of 47

structuring agent, and PNC, as purchasers, entered into that certain amended and restated

receivables purchase agreement, dated as of June 17, 2022 (as further amended, supplemented,

modified, extended, renewed, restated, refunded or refinanced from time to time, the “PNC

Receivables Purchase Agreement”).  The PNC Receivables Purchase Agreement extended the

term of an existing $150 million securitization facility among the SPEs (i.e., Receivables 3 and

Receivables 3 Holdco), as borrower, and a certain group of lenders to allow the SPEs to sell and

finance receivables until December 31, 2025 (the “PNC AR Facility”).  Each SPE is a non-Debtor

structured as a special-purpose, bankruptcy-remote entity created for the purpose of facilitating the

PNC AR Facility.  As noted, certain Debtor entities (the “PNC Securitization Originators”)

transfer their receivables on an ongoing basis at fair market value to the SPEs to create and

maintain the “Capital Coverage Amounts” (substantially equivalent to a borrowing base) for the

PNC AR Facility, with the proceeds of those sales to the SPEs funding in part the Debtors’, and

the larger Company’s, liquidity.25  The PNC Receivables Purchase Agreement was further

amended on February 27, 2023 in connection with the Second Lien Note (defined below) to,

among other objectives, permit the addition of subordinated debt by B. Riley Commercial Capital,

LLC.

54. 
The main transaction documents for the PNC AR Facility consist of (1) the PNC

Receivables Purchase Agreement, (2) the Amended and Restated First Tier Purchase and Sale

Agreement, dated as of June 17, 2022, among Parent, as initial servicer, the  PNC Securitization

Originators, as sellers, and Receivables 3 HoldCo, as buyer (as further amended, supplemented,

25  The PNC Securitization Originators include the following Debtor entities:  BancTec, Inc.; Economic Research 
Services, Inc.; Exela Enterprise Solutions, Inc.; HOV Enterprise Services, Inc.; HOV Services, Inc.; HOV 
Services, LLC; J & B Software, Inc.; Novitex Government Solutions, LLC; Regulus Group LLC; Regulus Group 
II LLC; Regulus Integrated Solutions LLC; SOURCECORP BPS Inc.; SOURCECORP Management, Inc.; 
SourceHOV Healthcare, Inc; and United Information Services, Inc.

22

=== page 23 ===
Case 25-90023   Document 6   Filed in TXSB on 03/03/25   Page 23 of 47

modified, extended, renewed, restated, refunded or refinanced from time to time, the “PNC First

Tier Purchase Agreement”), (3) the Amended and Restated Second Tier Purchase and Sale

Agreement, dated as of June 17, 2022, among Parent, as initial servicer, Receivables 3 HoldCo, as

seller, and Receivables 3, as buyer (as further amended, supplemented, modified, extended,

renewed, restated, refunded or refinanced from time to time, the “PNC Second Tier Purchase

Agreement”), (4) the Amended and Restated Pledge and Guaranty Agreement, dated as of June

17, 2022, by the Receivables 3 Holdco in favor of PNC, as administrative agent for the benefit of

the secured parties and the other beneficiaries set forth therein (as further amended, supplemented,

modified, extended, renewed, restated, refunded or refinanced from time to time, the “PNC Equity

Pledge Agreement”), (5) the Amended and Restated Performance Guaranty, dated as of June 17,

2022, by Parent, as performance guarantor, in favor of PNC, as administrative agent (as further

amended, supplemented, modified, extended, renewed, restated, refunded or refinanced from time

to time, the “PNC Performance Guaranty”) (together with the other Transaction Documents (as

defined in the PNC Receivables Purchase Agreement), collectively, the “PNC Facility

Transaction Documents”), and (6) the Amended and Restated Sub-Servicing Agreement, dated

as of June 17, 2022, by Parent, as initial Servicer, and each of the PNC Securitization Originators,

as sub-servicers (as further amended, supplemented, modified, extended, renewed, restated,

refunded or refinanced from time to time, the “PNC Sub-Servicing Agreement”).

55. 
Under the PNC AR Facility, (a) the Receivables 3 Holdco purchases and receives

as capital contributions receivables from the PNC Securitization Originators pursuant to the PNC

First Tier Purchase Agreement, (b) Receivables 3 purchases and receives as capital contributions,

such receivables from Receivables 3 Holdco (consisting of all the receivables transferred to the

Pledgor pursuant to the PNC First Tier Purchase Agreement) pursuant to the PNC Second Tier

23

=== page 24 ===
Case 25-90023   Document 6   Filed in TXSB on 03/03/25   Page 24 of 47

Purchase Agreement, (c) Receivables 3 may request that the purchasers make payments of Capital

(as defined in the PNC Receivables Purchase Agreement but substantially similar to the

outstanding principal of a loan in the transactions under the PNC Receivables Purchase Agreement

were structured as loans) to Receivables 3 from time to time, secured by, among other things, the

receivables and all other property owned by Receivables 3, pursuant to the terms set forth in the

PNC Receivables Purchase Agreement and the other PNC Transaction Documents, (d) Parent, as

Servicer, agrees to perform certain servicing duties with respect to the receivables, (e) each PNC

Securitization Originator, as sub-servicers under the PNC Sub-Servicing Agreement, agrees to

perform such duties of the Servicer with respect to the receivables originated by such PNC

Securitization Originator, and (f) Parent, as performance guarantor under the PNC Performance

Guaranty, guarantees the performance of the obligations of the PNC Securitization Originators and

Parent, as servicer, or any replacement servicer, under the PNC Transaction Documents to which

they are a party.  The obligations under the PNC Receivables Purchase Agreement (the “PNC

Securitization Obligations”) are guaranteed by Receivables 3 Holdco, which guarantee is secured

by the PNC Equity Pledge Agreement.  Pursuant to the PNC Equity Pledge Agreement,

Receivables 3 Holdco, as guarantor, has provided collateral primarily consisting of a pledge of its

equity in Receivables 3.

56. 
As set forth in greater detail in the Securitization Motion, PNC has agreed to

maintain the PNC AR Facility, and to continue to provide the Debtors with the liquidity arising

therefrom, subject to the terms and conditions set forth in the motion and accompanying proposed

order.

2. 
Second Lien Note

57. 
On February 27, 2023, Receivables 3 Holdco entered into a Secured Promissory

Note (the “Second Lien Note”) with B. Riley Commercial Capital, LLC, which was later assigned

24

=== page 25 ===
Case 25-90023   Document 6   Filed in TXSB on 03/03/25   Page 25 of 47

to BRF Finance Co., LLC (“B. Riley”).  Pursuant to the Second Lien Note, B. Riley agreed to lend

up to $35 million to Receivables 3 Holdco secured by a second lien pledge of Receivables 3

Holdco’s equity interests in Receivables 3.  The Second Lien Note has a maturity date of June 17,

2025, and bears an interest rate of one-month Term SOFR plus 7.5%.

58. 
As of February 2025, approximately $22.6 million remained outstanding under the

Second Lien Note.

59. 
The relative rights and priorities of PNC, B. Riley, and the PNC Securitization

Secured Parties (collectively, the “Subordination Agreement Parties”) are governed by that

certain subordination and intercreditor agreement, dated as of February 27, 2023, by and between

the Subordination Agreement Parties, Receivables 3 Holdco, Receivables 3, and Parent (as may

be amended from time to time, the “PNC/2L Note Subordination  Agreement”).  The PNC/2L

Note Subordination Agreement governs, among other things, subordinated debt payment

restrictions, subordination of liens and security interest, as well as the Subordination Agreement

Parties’ rights in liquidation, dissolution, or bankruptcy.  Under the PNC/2L Note Subordination

Agreement, B. Riley in general is prohibited from taking actions to enforce its security interest

prior to payment in full of the PNC Securitization Obligations.  In addition, PNC, as administrative

agent, and the PNC Securitization Secured Parties agree not to permit certain amendments to the

PNC Transaction Documents without the consent of B. Riley.

3. 
BR Exar Accounts Receivable Facility

60. 
On February 12, 2024, certain affiliates of the Company, including Debtor Novitex

Enterprise Solutions Canada, Inc., Debtor Rust Consulting, Inc., Debtor HOVG LLC, Debtor

BancTec (Canada) Inc., and Debtor SourceHOV Canada Company, as originators (the “BR Exar

Originators”), and non-Debtor Exela BR SPV LLC, as seller (the “BR Exar Seller”), entered into

a receivables purchase agreement with BR Exar, LLC (“BREL”), an affiliate of B. Riley (as

25

=== page 26 ===
Case 25-90023   Document 6   Filed in TXSB on 03/03/25   Page 26 of 47

subsequently amended on February 29, 2024, March 29, 2024, March 31, 2024, April 24, 2024,

May 24, 2024 and June 25, 2024, July 29, 2024, August 13, 2024, August 30, 2024 September 27,

2024, October 30, 2024, November 26, 2024, December 30, 2024, January 23, 2025, and February

14, 2025 the “BR Exar AR Facility”).

61. 
In turn, the BR Exar Originators, agreed to sell certain existing accounts receivable

and all future receivables to BREL until such time as BREL will have collected approximately $65

million, net of any costs or expenses.  As of February 14, 2025, there is approximately $10 million

outstanding under the BR Exar AR Facility.

62. 
The obligations under the BR Exar AR Facility (the “BR Exar Obligations”) are

secured by that certain pledge agreement dated as of February 27, 2023 (the “Pledge Agreement”).

Under the Pledge Agreement, the BR Exar Originators and BR Exar Seller provided a pledge and

assignment of the bank account(s) established for the purpose of receiving payments and other

monies and proceeds collected with respect to purchased receivables to BREL as collateral security

for the BR Exar Obligations.

II. 
EVENTS PRECEDING COMMENCEMENT OF CHAPTER 11 CASES

A. 
Challenges Leading to the Chapter 11 Cases

63. 
As noted above, the Company is one of the leading providers of business process

automation solutions and services to banks and financial institutions, healthcare payers and

providers, and various other industries, and is highly respected by its customers.  Indeed, the

Company has won many awards from industry research organizations including the following

recognitions, Strong Performer in the Forrester Wave™: Task-Centric Automation Software (Q4

2024), Emerging Solution Winner in the FAO Hackett Value Matrix™, and Major Contender in

the Everest Group’s PEAK Matrix® for Revenue Cycle Management Operations.

26

=== page 27 ===
Case 25-90023   Document 6   Filed in TXSB on 03/03/25   Page 27 of 47

64. 
The Company, however, operates in a highly competitive, fragmented, and rapidly

evolving industry.  Specifically, the Company competes with national, regional, and large

multinational companies within the broader information and payment technology industry.

Competitors also can emerge from adjacent industries or locations where the costs of operations

are significantly lower.  As a result, the Company faces continual pricing pressures and

competition for market share.  To keep pace with this competition and position themselves to

continue to address the needs of their customers, the Company invested significant resources to

develop innovative solutions and services.

65. 
These investments in innovation and the deployment of strategies to compete for

new customers are extremely costly, especially when competing against well capitalized

competitors.  Those factors coupled with additional challenges such as the (a) decline of the

Novitex business; (b) ratings downgrade; (c) impact of COVID-19; and (d) network outage have

impacted the Debtors’ operations and caused the Debtors to become unsustainably leveraged.

66. 
The Decline of the Novitex Business.  The Company began experiencing

challenges shortly after the closing of the Novitex Business Combination in 2017.  Specifically,

the debt structure put in place to facilitate the transaction required a certain level of performance

to service.  The Novitex business model, however, could not meet the necessary level because it

had a lower degree of customer retention than originally anticipated.  The Company has invested

in the Novitex Business Combination with the goal of deploying SourceHOV’s technology to

expand Novitex’s service offerings but also make it more embedded among its customers, thereby

strengthening revenue predictability.  Ultimately, the Company was unable to realize this goal,

which meant that a significant part of the business had a lower degree of predictability, and given

its size, adversely affected the entire Company.

27

=== page 28 ===
Case 25-90023   Document 6   Filed in TXSB on 03/03/25   Page 28 of 47

67. 
The Ratings Downgrade.  The underperformance of the Novitex business had a

cascading effect on other parts of the Company.  Specifically, in 2019, both Moody’s and Standard

and Poor’s downgraded the debt rating for Exela Intermediate and Exela Finance (the

“Downgrade”).  The Downgrade further exacerbated the Company’s difficulties by reducing the

Parent’s share value and limiting the Parent’s ability to use such shares to raise financing.  As a

result, any new debt financing became more expensive and complex.  Furthermore, in response to

the Company’s financial struggles, suppliers began imposing onerous terms, and customers started

to withhold work mandates in some cases.

68. 
The Impact of COVID-19.  COVID-19 significantly disrupted the Company’s

business and operations.  In a short period of time, the Company had to transition much of its

workforce to remote work, which at the time totaled approximately 22,000 employees.  This meant

that the Company’s management focused its efforts to ensure continuous operations and mission

critical delivery while navigating ongoing pandemic-related disruptions in the marketplace.  In the

U.S., many of the Company’s solutions and services were deemed essential services, and therefore,

employees were allowed to work at the Company’s facilities.  The impact of COVID-19 was

disruptive from an operational perspective as it disrupted onsite business processes which required

more cost and complexity for the Company to continue meeting customer needs, and brought

additional challenges.  For example, healthcare payers (insurers) and providers completely stopped

certain services, such as dental work, elective surgeries, and similar categories.  This impact lasted

for approximately two years.

69. 
The Network Outage.  In late June 2022, the Company experienced a network

security incident (the “Incident”) impacting certain parts of its operational and IT systems.  The

Company immediately isolated the impact by taking large parts of its network offline as a

28

=== page 29 ===
Case 25-90023   Document 6   Filed in TXSB on 03/03/25   Page 29 of 47

precaution.  This precaution disrupted services to certain customers.  The Company also hired

leading cyber forensic and defense firms, along with advisors, to remediate the Incident.

Ultimately, however, the Incident resulted in loss of revenue, profits, and the accrual of costs.  The

Parent has filed a business interruption claim against a group of insurers in the amount of $44.7

million , of which approximately $20 million remains unpaid.

70. 
As a result of the aforementioned challenges, and consistent with the Company’s

goal to remain a market leader, the Debtors have incurred approximately $1.315 billion of secured

and unsecured funded debt, which has rerouted a significant amount of the cash flow generated

from operations in order to service such indebtedness.  Additionally, these liquidity challenges

have deprived the Debtors from making necessary investments, thus exacerbating the problems

the Debtors face.

71. 
The Company’s management team recognized that this high degree of leverage and

the attendant negative impact it was having on the operations of the business, the ability to invest

in technology, and future business operations was unsustainable in the long-term.  Accordingly, in

late 2019, the Company undertook a series of initiatives and transactions aimed at improving its

capital structure and extending its liquidity.  Specifically, beginning on November 12, 2019, the

Parent’s Board of Directors (the “Board”) announced a strategic initiative (the “Initiative”) to

reduce the Company’s indebtedness and improve liquidity.  The Initiative aimed to improve

liquidity by $125 to $150 million and reduce debt by $150 to $200 million in the subsequent two

years.  Additionally, and as discussed above, the Company executed the 2023 Exchange in effort

to reduce the overall debt burden on the Debtors.  Lastly, under the April 2026 Notes Indenture,

Exela Intermediate was required to retain at least one independent director selected by a majority

of the holders of the April 2026 Notes on terms and pursuant to documentation acceptable to such

29

=== page 30 ===
Case 25-90023   Document 6   Filed in TXSB on 03/03/25   Page 30 of 47

holders on its board of directors at all times following the issue date.  In accordance with this

condition, on October 1, 2023, Exela Intermediate appointed such an independent director to its

board of directors.

72. 
The Company’s financial difficulties, however, persisted and ultimately resulted in

the delisting of Parent’s publicly traded securities from NASDAQ in late 2024.  The Parent was

previously subject to, among other standards, NASDAQ Listing Rule 5550(b)(2) (“Rule

5550(b)(2)”), which required the Parent to maintain a market value of listed securities (“MVLS”)

of at least $35 million.  On November 13, 2023, the Parent received an anticipated notice from

NASDAQ, noting that it was in violation of Rule 5550(b)(2) because the MVLS had been below

$35 million for the prior thirty (30) consecutive business days.  Thereafter, on November 6, 2024,

the Parent received another notification from NASDAQ, stating that its securities would be

delisted from NASDAQ.  On November 8, 2024, trading of the Parent’s securities on NASDAQ

was suspended (the “NASDAQ Suspension”).  On January 7, 2025, the Parent notified

stockholders and NASDAQ that it intended to voluntarily delist from NASDAQ by filing Form

25 with the Securities and Exchange Commission (the “SEC”), and subsequently filed Form 25

on January 17, 2025.  As of the NASDAQ Suspension, the Parent’s common stock and Series B

Preferred Stock have been trading on the OTC Pink under the ticker symbols “XELA” and

“XELAP,” and this is currently the only trading market for the Parent’s securities.  In addition, on

January 27, 2025, the Parent filed Form 15 with the SEC to deregister its securities under the

Securities Exchange Act of 1934.26

73. 
Additionally, beginning in August 2024, the PNC AR Facility became over-

advanced which required monthly paydowns to eliminate any capital coverage deficit and further

26  Accordingly, the Parent no longer has an obligation to file periodic and current reports with the SEC.

30

=== page 31 ===
Case 25-90023   Document 6   Filed in TXSB on 03/03/25   Page 31 of 47

constrained the Debtors’ liquidity position.  In February 2025, the Debtors and PNC, represented

by Mayer Brown LLP (as counsel), have had constructive negotiations, and exchanged term sheets

leading up to the Petition Date.  To date, PNC remains supportive of these Chapter 11 Cases.

B. 
Restructuring Negotiations with Stakeholders

74. 
Starting in early 2025, the Debtors began to explore options to refinance their

existing debt through various capital markets transactions.  However, as a result of the Company’s

debt burden and the significant market headwinds, the Debtors determined that such short-term

opportunities were not feasible.  Instead, the Debtors and their advisors decided that a

comprehensive financial restructuring was necessary to align the capital structure with the long-

term goals of the business.

75. 
In early 2025, the Company began exploring restructuring paths with the Ad Hoc

April 2026 Group represented by Ropes & Gray LLP (as counsel).  On January 15, 2025, the

Debtors entered into the grace period under the April 2026 Notes and the July 2026 Notes relating

to the payment of interest thereunder.  On February 14, 2025, and in connection with the ongoing

discussions, the Ad Hoc April 2026 Group, the Issuers, and the April 2026 Notes Trustee entered

into that certain First Supplemental Indenture (the “April 2026 Supplemental Indenture”), which

amended the April 2026 Notes Indenture to provide for a sixty (60)-day grace period for any

missed interest payment (extending the thirty (30)-day grace period) under the April 2026 Notes.

The Debtors determined not to pay the interest under the July 2026 Notes.

76. 
The Debtors and the Ad Hoc April 2026 Group had several discussions and

exchanged restructuring proposals in the weeks leading up to the Petition Date.  Following the

Debtors’ entry into the April 2026 Supplemental Indenture, the hard-fought negotiations between

the Debtors and the Ad Hoc April 2026 Group accelerated.  Ultimately, on March 3, 2025, the

31

=== page 32 ===
Case 25-90023   Document 6   Filed in TXSB on 03/03/25   Page 32 of 47

parties were able to reach a deal in principle.  The terms of the deal are memorialized in the non-

binding Restructuring Term Sheet annexed to the DIP Motion and set forth below.

III. 
ANTICIPATED PATH FORWARD

A. 
Generally

77. 
As noted above, the Debtors have reached an agreement with the Ad Hoc April

2026 Group on the Restructuring Term Sheet that contemplates a chapter 11 plan that will be filed

shortly after the commencement of the cases implementing the terms of the Restructuring Term

Sheet.  The Ad Hoc April 2026 Group has agreed to finance the Chapter 11 Cases through a “new

money” postpetition senior secured DIP Facility in an aggregate principal amount of

approximately $80 million (plus approximately $105 million of April 2026 Note Obligations to be

“rolled-up” into the facility).  Additionally, the Restructuring Term Sheet provides for among other

among other things:

(i) 
the entry by the Reorganized Debtors into the Exit Term Loan Facility (as defined 
therein), the proceeds of which will be used, among other things, to repay the DIP 
Facility in full;

(ii) subject to the Restructuring Steps Exhibit (as defined therein), Exela will cause 100% of

the equity interests of NEON Acquisition, LLC to be contributed to Exela Intermediate, 
pursuant to which NEON Acquisition, LLC, a Delaware limited liability company, Exela 
Enterprise Solutions, Inc. (f/k/a Novitex Solutions, Inc.), a Delaware corporation, and 
Novitex Enterprise Solutions Canada, Inc., a Canadian corporation, will become wholly 
owned subsidiaries of Exela Intermediate (the “Neon Transaction”);

(iii) in addition to the Neon Transaction, Debtor XCV-EMEA, non-Debtor BTC Int’l

Holdings, Inc. (“BTC”), non-Debtor XBP Europe Holdings Inc. (“XBP Europe”) and 
Debtor Exela Intermediate shall effectuate a series of transactions, which transactions 
are ultimately intended to result in the contribution, distribution, or cancellation and 
reissuance of the equity interests in XBP Europe held by BTC to the April 2026 
Noteholders such that affiliated Holders receive 25% and non-affiliated Holders receive 
75% of such reissued XBP Europe equity interests on the Plan Effective Date, which 
contribution, distribution or issuance, as applicable, is intended to qualify, to the extent 
available, for the exemption from registration provided by Section 1145(a) of the 
Bankruptcy Code (such transactions, collectively, the “BTC Transaction”);

32

=== page 33 ===
Case 25-90023   Document 6   Filed in TXSB on 03/03/25   Page 33 of 47

(iv) the July 2026 Notes and the April 2026 Notes, including any related guarantees, will be

discharged and cancelled on the terms set forth herein;

(v) 
the Blue Torch Facility, including any related guarantees, will be repaid in full and in 
cash with the proceeds of the Exit Facility;

(vi) the existing membership interests in Debtor Exela Technologies BPA, LLC (“BPA”)

will be cancelled;

(vii) BPA will issue new equity interests (“Reorganized BPA Equity”) to the April 2026

Noteholders such that affiliated Holders receive 25% and non-affiliated Holders receive 
75% of such Reorganized BPA Equity, and will issue warrants for 7.5% of Reorganized 
BPA Equity (on a fully-diluted basis) with a strike price equal to Reorganized BPA 
Equity with an aggregate value equal to the Plan value of Reorganized BPA to the 
affiliate Holders (the “Reorganized BPA Warrants”); and

(viii) subject to the Restructuring Steps Exhibit, in connection with the restructuring, XBP

Europe shall purchase 100% of the Reorganized BPA Equity by issuing its common 
stock to holders of the Reorganized BPA Equity pro rata for such holders’ ownership of 
Reorganized BPA Equity, and shall issue 5-year warrants for XBP Europe common 
stock (the “XBP Europe Warrants”) to holders of Reorganized BPA Warrants in 
exchange therefor, all on terms acceptable to the Required Consenting Creditors and the 
Debtors pursuant to a mutually acceptable merger agreement agreed to by XBP Europe 
(the “XBP Merger Agreement”) (the “XBP Merger”).

B. 
Debtors’ Need for Access to the DIP Facility27

78. 
Based on my review of the Debtors’ actual and projected cash flows and underlying

books and records, and in connection with discussions with the Debtors’ advisors, I believe it is

vital that the Debtors obtain immediate approval of the DIP Facility to ensure that the Debtors

have immediate access to the interim new money financing and access to cash collateral necessary

to continue operations and administer these Chapter 11 Cases.  Without immediate access to the

proceeds of the proposed DIP Facility and use of cash collateral, the Debtors will lack sufficient

liquidity to maintain their business operations after the Petition Date.

27  Capitalized terms in this Section III.B. shall have the meanings ascribed to them in the DIP Motion (defined 
below).

33

=== page 34 ===
Case 25-90023   Document 6   Filed in TXSB on 03/03/25   Page 34 of 47

79. 
Indeed, as detailed in the DIP Motion,28 the Debtors anticipate having negative cash

flow during the Chapter 11 Cases, and the liquidity provided by the DIP Facility is critical to,

among other reasons, (a) provide operating liquidity across Debtor entities and meet the Debtors’

working capital needs, and (b) bring the PNC AR Facility into compliance.

80. 
Furthermore, without the DIP Facility, the Debtors’ lenders would be unwilling to

agree to the Debtors’ use of their Cash Collateral and would not agree to the priming of their

prepetition liens that would otherwise be necessary to obtain postpetition financing.  Without

access to Cash Collateral or the incremental liquidity provided by the DIP Facility, the Debtors

would face severe, immediate, and irreparable harm.

81. 
As discussed above, on the effective date of the Plan, the Reorganized Debtors will

incur a secured Exit Facility.  The DIP Facility and Exit Term Loan Facility will work together to

provide long-term financing for the Debtors’ continued operations at the outset of the Chapter 11

Cases and supply the reorganized Debtors with runway to operate post-emergence.

82. 
Accordingly, I believe that the Debtors’ access to the DIP Facility is both necessary

and will provide sufficient liquidity to achieve the Debtors’ value-maximizing goals and should

therefore be approved.

IV. 
FACTS SUPPORTING RELIEF SOUGHT IN FIRST DAY PLEADINGS29

83. 
In furtherance of their objective of preserving value for all stakeholders, the Debtors

have filed the following First Day Pleadings and related orders (the “Proposed Orders”)

28  “DIP Motion” means Emergency Motion of Debtors for Interim and Final Orders  (I) Authorizing the Debtors to 
(A) Obtain Senior Secured Priming Superpriority Postpetition Financing and (B) Use Cash Collateral, (II) 
Granting Liens and Providing Claims With Superpriority Administrative Expense Status, (III) Granting Adequate 
Protection to the  Prepetition Secured Parties, (IV) Modifying the Automatic Stay, (V) Scheduling a Final Hearing 
and (VI) Granting Related Relief.

29 
Unless otherwise defined herein, all capitalized terms in this Part IV shall have the meanings ascribed to them in 
the applicable First Day Pleadings.

34

=== page 35 ===
Case 25-90023   Document 6   Filed in TXSB on 03/03/25   Page 35 of 47

contemporaneously herewith, and have therein requested that the Court consider entering the

Proposed Orders granting the relief sought in First Day Pleadings.  For the avoidance of doubt, as

to those First Day Pleadings that seek authorization to pay prepetition obligations, the Debtors

seek authority, but not direction, to pay amounts or satisfy obligations that are the subject of the

First Day Pleadings.  The First Day Pleadings include:

A. 
Administrative and Procedural Pleadings

i. 
Emergency Motion of Debtors for Entry of an Order Directing Joint 
Administration of Chapter 11 Cases

ii. 
Emergency Motion of Debtors for Entry of an Order (I) Authorizing the 
Debtors to File a Consolidated Creditor Matrix and List of the 30 Largest 
Unsecured Creditors; (II) Authorizing the Debtors to Redact Certain 
Personally Identifiable Information; (III) Approving the Form and Manner 
of Notice of Commencement; and (IV) Granting Related Relief

iii. 
Emergency Ex Parte Application for Entry of an Order Authorizing the 
Employment and Retention of Omni Agent Solutions, Inc. As Claims, 
Noticing, and Solicitation Agent

iv. 
Emergency Motion of Debtors for Entry of an Order (I) Extending the Time 
to File Schedules of Assets and Liabilities, Schedules of Executory  
Contracts and Unexpired Leases, Statements of Financial Affairs, and 
2015.3 Reports; and (II) Granting Related Relief

B. 
Business Operation Motions

i. 
Emergency Motion of Debtors for Entry of Interim and Final Orders 
(I) Establishing Notification Procedures and Approving Restrictions on 
(A) Certain Transfers of Interests in the Debtors and (B) Claims of Certain 
Worthless Stock Deductions, and (II) Granting Related Relief

ii. 
Emergency Motion of Debtors for Entry of an Order (I) Authorizing the 
Debtors to (A) Pay Certain Employee Compensation and Benefits and 
(B) Maintain and Continue Such Benefits and Other Employee-Related 
Programs; (II) Granting Relief from Automatic Stay With Respect to 
Workers’ Compensation Claims; and (III) Granting Related Relief

iii. 
Emergency Motion of Debtors for Entry of an Order (I) Authorizing the 
Debtors to Pay Certain Prepetition Taxes and Fees and (II) Granting 
Related Relief

iv. 
Emergency Motion of Debtors for Entry of an Order (I) Authorizing the 
Debtors to (A) Pay Prepetition Insurance Program Obligations, 
(B) Maintain the Insurance Policies Postpetition, (C) Maintain the Bonding 
Program, and (D) Maintain Postpetition Financing of Insurance Premiums, 
and (E) Honor Letters of Credit, and (II) Granting Related Relief

35

=== page 36 ===
Case 25-90023   Document 6   Filed in TXSB on 03/03/25   Page 36 of 47

v. 
Emergency Motion of Debtors for Entry of an Order (I) Prohibiting Utilities 
from Altering, Refusing, or Discontinuing Service, (II) Approving the 
Debtors’ Proposed Form of Adequate Assurance of Payment to Utilities, 
(III) Establishing Procedures for Resolving Requests for Additional 
Adequate Assurance, and (IV) Granting Related Relief

vi. 
Emergency Motion of Debtors for Entry of an Order (I) Authorizing the 
Debtors to (A) Honor Prepetition Obligations to Customers and 
(B) Continue Customer Programs and (II) Granting Related Relief

vii. 
Emergency Motion of Debtors for Entry of Interim and Final Orders 
(I) Authorizing the Debtors to (A) Continue Existing Cash Management 
System, (B) Maintain Existing Business Forms, and (C) Continue 
Intercompany Agreements and Transactions, and (II) Granting Related 
Relief

viii. 
Emergency Motion of Debtors for Entry of Interim and Final Orders 
(I) Authorizing the Debtors to Pay Certain Prepetition Trade Claims in the 
Ordinary Course of Business; (II) Confirming Administrative Expense 
Priority 
of 
Undisputed 
and 
Outstanding 
Prepetition 
Orders; 
(III) Authorizing Financial Institutions to Honor and Process Related 
Checks and Transfers; and (IV) Granting Related Relief

C. 
DIP Motion

i. 
Emergency Motion of Debtors for Interim and Final Orders (I) Authorizing 
the Debtors to Obtain Postpetition Financing, (II) Granting Adequate 
Protection to the Prepetition Secured Parties, (III) Authorizing the Use of 
Cash Collateral, (IV) Modifying the Automatic Stay, and (V) Granting 
Related Relief

D. 
Securitization Motion

i. 
Emergency Motion of Debtors for Interim and Final Orders (I) Authorizing 
Certain Debtors to Continue Selling, Contributing and Servicing 
Receivables and Related Rights Pursuant to the Securitization Program, 
(II) Modifying the Automatic Stay, (III) Scheduling a Final Hearing, and 
(IV) Granting Related Relief

84. 
I have reviewed each of the First Day Pleadings, Proposed Orders, and exhibits

thereto, or have otherwise had their contents explained to me, and the facts set forth therein are

true and correct to the best of my knowledge, information, and belief.  Moreover, I believe that the

relief sought in each of the First Day Pleadings: (a) is vital to enabling the Debtors to make the

transition to, and operate in, chapter 11 with minimal disruption to their businesses, and without

loss of productivity or value; (b) is necessary to preserve valuable relationships with customers,

36

=== page 37 ===
Case 25-90023   Document 6   Filed in TXSB on 03/03/25   Page 37 of 47

trade vendors, landlords, and other creditors; and (c) constitutes a critical element in the Debtors’

ability to successfully maximize value for the benefit of their estates and a prudent exercise of the

Debtors’ business judgment.

I declare under penalty of perjury that the foregoing is true and correct. 
 
Dated: March 3, 2025

/s/ Randall S. Eisenberg     
 
Randall S. Eisenberg 
Chief Restructuring Officer

37

=== page 38 ===
Case 25-90023   Document 6   Filed in TXSB on 03/03/25   Page 38 of 47

Exhibit A-1

Company Organizational Chart

=== page 39 ===
Case 25-90023   Document 6   Filed in TXSB on 03/03/25   Page 39 of 47

Entity Legend:

Company Organizational Chart

Debtor-Borrower, Issuer or Co-Issuer under the Blue Torch 
Facility, July 2026 Notes, or April 2026 Notes

Debtor-Guarantors of April 2026 Notes

As of the Petition Date

Debtor-Guarantors of July 2026 Notes

Debtor-Guarantors of Blue Torch Facility

Exela 
Technologies, Inc.

Debtor-Originators under PNC AR Facility

Exela Technologies

Debtor- Originators under the BR Exar AR 
Facility

BPA, LLC

GP 2XCV 
Holdings, LLC

ETI IP 
Holdings, LLC

ETI RE
Holdings, LLC

ETI-MNA
Holdings, LLC

ETI-XCV
Holdings, LLC

(Delaware)

GP 2XCV

ETI RE

ETI-MNA

ETI-XCV

Exela 
Intermediate LLC

LLC

GP 3XCV LLC
(f/k/a ETI IP LLC)

LLC

LLC

LLC

(Delaware)

NEON Acquisition,

Novitex Holdings,

Exela Finance Inc.

Inc.

SourceHOV 
Holdings, Inc.

XCV-EMEA, LLC

XCV-STS

XCV-HM,

LLC

LLC

(Delaware)

(Delaware)

(Delaware)

(Delaware)

LLC
(f/k/a Novitex 
Acqusition LLC)

(Nevada)

Shares/Warrants held

Novitex 
Intermediate, LLC

Exela Enterprise

BTC Int'l Holdings,

SOURCEHOV LLC

by: Trust, Sponsor, 
Independent Directors

(Delaware)

Solutions, Inc.

Inc.

and Public

(Delaware)

(Florida)

Novitex 
Government

Solutions, LLC

(Delaware)

Novitex 
Enterprise 
Solutions Canada,

XBP Europe, 
Holdings Inc.

HOV Services, LLC

FTS Parent Inc.

Pangea 
Acquisitions

CorpSource 
Holdings, LLC

Inc.

(Nevada)

(Delaware)

Inc.
(Ontario)

SIG-GP, L.L.C.

(Delaware)

(Delaware)

(Delaware)

XBP Europe,

HOV Enterprise

Inc.

SOURCECORP,

PCH Subscription

BancTec Group

Rustic Canyon III,

TransCentra, Inc.

HOV Services,

Incorporated

Services, LLC

Services, Inc.
(a/k/a Enterprise

LLC

LLC

Services 
Integration 
Group, L.P.

(Beijing) Ltd.

(Delaware)

Services)

(Delaware)

USD

(Delaware)

(Minnesota)

(Delaware)

(New Jersey)

BancTec Holding

Dataforce Interact

XBP Europe 
Limited (Note 3)
Plexus Europe

Ltd.

Holdings Ltd.

N.V. 
(Netherlands)

SOURCECORP

SOURCECORP BPS

RC4 Capital, LLC

Exela RE LLC

Charter Lason, Inc.

BancTec, Inc.

Meridian 
Consulting Group,

Legal Inc.

SOURCECORP 
Management, Inc.

SourceHOV 
HealthCare, Inc.

Inc.

United 
Information 
Services, Inc.

LLC

SDS Applications

(Delaware)

(Delaware)

(Delaware)

(Delaware)

Exela 
Technologies BV

(Delaware)

(Texas)

(South Carolina)

(Delaware)

Limited
GP Auto Empire

Ltd.

HOV Global 
Services Ltd. (UK)
DF Property 
Portfolio Ltd.

(Iowa)

(Nevada)

(Netherlands)

Exela XBP, LLC

Rust Consulting,

DFG2 Holdings,

BancTec (Puerto

BancTec (Canada),

Glo-X, Inc.

HOV Services, Inc.

BTC Ventures, Inc.

BancTec 
Intermediate

Economic 
Research Services,

Recognition 
Mexico Holding

(f/k/a Regulus 
Tri-State LLC &

Dataforce Interact

Inc.

LLC

Lason 
International, Inc.

Rico), Inc.

DocuData 
Solutions, L.C.

Imagenes 
Digitales, S.A. de

Inc.

SDS Trading 
Applications

S-CORP 
Philippines, Inc.

Holding, Inc.

Inc.

Inc.

(OK)

BancTec 
(Philippines) Inc.

(Delaware)

(Delaware)

Ltd.

C.V.

(Minnesota)

(Delaware)

(Delaware)

(Delaware)

(Texas)

(Ontario)

Limited

(Delaware)

(Florida)

(Delaware)

f/k/a Merco 
Holdings, LLC)
(Delaware)

Kinsella Media LLC

DFG2, LLC

ExelaPay

SourceHOV India

BancTec India Pvt.

Digital Mailroom,

DrySign,

SourceHOV 
Canada Company

Promotora de 
Tecnologia, S.A.

Recognition de 
Mexico S.A. de

LLC

LexiCode 
Healthcare, Inc.

Pvt. Ltd.

HOV Services 
(Nanchang), Ltd

Ltd.

LLC

LLC

(Pennsylvania)

(Delaware)

de C.V.

C.V.

(Nova Scotia)

Regulus Holding

J & B Software,

Plexus Global

TRAC Holdings,

Managed Care 
Professionals, LLC

HOVG, LLC

BancTec B.V.

Exela 
Technologies

Exela 
Technologies sp.

BancTec Europe

Exela 
Technologies

Inc.

Inc.

Finance, LLC

LLC

Exela 
Technologies AB

Exela 
Technologies AS

Exela 
Technologies S.A.

Exela 
Technologies 
Holding GmbH

Iberica S.A.

z.o.o.

Exela 
Technologies 
d.o.o. Belgrade

(Delaware)

Limited

(Nevada)

(Netherlands)

(Delaware)

(Pennsylvania)

(Delaware)

Exela 
Technologies RE 
B.V. (Netherlands)

(Delaware)

(Sweden)

(Norway)

(France)

Exela Receivables 3

Payment 
Solutions Ltd.

(Germany)

(Spain)

(Poland)

(Serbia)

Holdco, LLC

Regulus Group II

Regulus Group

Drescher Euro-

Orone Contact

Deliverex, LLC

O.T. Drescher AG

Exela 
Technologies

LLC

LLC

label Sp Z.o.o.

SARL

Arista SAS

Fedaso France SAS

Drescher Full-
Service Versand

ASTERION 
International

(Delaware)

GmbH

Exela Receivables 3,

(Switzerland)

(Delaware)

(Delaware)

Exela 
Technologies 
India Private Ltd.

GmbH

GmbH

Exela 
Technologies 
Services SAS*

(Poland)

(Morocco)

LLC

(Germany)

SOURCECORP de

Mexico S.A. de

Regulus 
Integrated 
Solutions LLC

Exela 
Technologies ECM

ASTERION France

ASTERION DM

C.V.

BancTec 
Transaktionsservice

(Delaware)

TRAC LLC

Solutions GmbH

S.A.S.

ASTERION 
Belgium N.V.

ASTERION 
Sweden A.B.

ASTERION 
Denmark A/S

Finland A.B.

GmbH (Austria)

(Germany)

Regulus America

LLC

BillSmart 
Solutions LLC

(Delaware)

Regulus West LLC

(Delaware)

=== page 40 ===
Case 25-90023   Document 6   Filed in TXSB on 03/03/25   Page 40 of 47

Exhibit A-2

Debtors Organizational Chart

=== page 41 ===
Case 25-90023   Document 6   Filed in TXSB on 03/03/25   Page 41 of 47

Entity Legend:

Debtors Organizational Chart1

Borrower, Issuer or Co-Issuer under the Blue Torch Facility, 
July 2026 Notes, or April 2026 Notes

Guarantors of April 2026 Notes

As of the Petition Date

Guarantors of July 2026 Notes

Guarantors of Blue Torch Facility

Originators under PNC AR Facility

Exela Technologies

BPA, LLC

(Delaware)

Originators under the BR Exar AR Facility

Exela Intermediate

LLC

(Delaware)

Novitex Holdings,

SourceHOV Holdings,

Inc.

Exela Finance Inc.

NEON Acquisition, LLC

Inc.

XCV-EMEA, LLC

(Delaware)

(Delaware)

(Nevada)

(Delaware)

(Delaware)

Novitex 
Intermediate, LLC

SOURCEHOV LLC

Exela Enterprise

(Delaware)

Solutions, Inc.

(Delaware)

(Delaware)

Novitex Government

Solutions, LLC

(Delaware)

Novitex Enterprise

Pangea Acquisitions

Solutions Canada,

HOV Services, LLC

FTS Parent Inc.

CorpSource 
Holdings, LLC

Inc.

Inc.

SIG-GP L.L.C.

(Nevada)

(Delaware)

(Delaware)

(Delaware)

(Canada - Ontario)

(Delaware)

Services Integration

SOURCECORP,

HOV Enterprise

Group, L.P.

BancTec Group LLC

Rustic Canyon III, LLC

TransCentra Inc.

Incorporated

Services, Inc.

(Delaware)

(Delaware)

(Minnesota)

(Delaware)

(Delaware)

(New Jersey)

SOURCECORP Legal

United Information

SOURCECORP BPS,

Meridian Consulting

Exela RE LLC

Charter Lason, Inc.

BancTec, Inc.

RC4 Capital, LLC

Inc.

SourceHOV 
HealthCare, Inc.

Services, Inc.

Inc.

SOURCECORP 
Management, Inc.

Group, LLC

(Delaware)

(Delaware)

(Delaware)

(Delaware)

(Delaware)

(South Carolina)

(Iowa)

(Delaware)

(Texas)

(Nevada)

Economic Research

BancTec (Puerto

Recognition Mexico

Lason International,

DocuData Solutions,

BancTec (Canada),

Exela XBP, LLC

Rust Consulting, Inc.

HOV Services, Inc.

DFG2 Holdings, LLC

BTC Ventures, Inc.

BancTec 
Intermediate

Services, Inc.

Rico), Inc.

Holding Inc.

Managed Care 
Professionals, LLC

Inc.

L.C.

Inc.

Holding, Inc.

(Delaware)

(Minnesota)

(Delaware)

(Delaware)

(Delaware)

(Florida)

(Delaware)

(Delaware)

(Delaware)

(Delaware)

(Texas)

(Canada - Ontario)

(Delaware)

SourceHOV Canada

Kinsella Media LLC

DFG 2, LLC

Company

Deliverex, LLC

(Canada - Nova

(Delaware)

(Delaware)

(Delaware)

Scotia)

Plexus Global

Regulus Holding Inc.

J & B Software, Inc.

TRAC Holdings, LLC

HOVG, LLC

Finance, LLC

(Delaware)

(Pennysylvania)

(Delaware)

(Nevada)

(Delaware)

Regulus Group II LLC

Regulus Group LLC

(Delaware)

(Delaware)

Regulus Integrated

Solutions LLC

(Delaware)

Regulus America LLC

(Delaware)

Regulus West LLC

(Delaware)

1 
This organizational chart sets forth only those entities within Company’s corporate structure which commenced cases 
under Chapter 11 in March 2025. The Company’s full corporate structure is set forth in Exhibit A-1.

=== page 42 ===
Case 25-90023   Document 6   Filed in TXSB on 03/03/25   Page 42 of 47

Exhibit B

List of Debtors

=== page 43 ===
Case 25-90023   Document 6   Filed in TXSB on 03/03/25   Page 43 of 47

Entity Name 
Federal Employee Identification

Number (EIN)

BancTec (Canada), Inc. 
N/A 
BancTec (Puerto Rico), Inc. 
66-0393420 
BancTec Group LLC 
30-0809103 
BancTec Intermediate Holding, Inc. 
14-1857751 
BancTec, Inc. 
75-1559633 
BTC Ventures, Inc. 
32-0040859 
Charter Lason, Inc. 
41-2137542 
CorpSource Holdings, LLC 
N/A 
Deliverex, LLC 
51-0370088 
DFG2 Holdings, LLC 
37-1703603 
DFG2, LLC 
38-3888322 
DocuData Solutions, L.C. 
75-2926166 
Economic Research Services, Inc. 
58-1454192 
Exela Enterprise Solutions, Inc. 
13-3587073 
Exela Finance Inc. 
82-1893089 
Exela Intermediate LLC 
82-1884342 
Exela RE LLC 
23-2981757 
Exela Technologies BPA, LLC  
82-1880314 
Exela XBP, LLC  
84-5080737 
FTS Parent Inc. 
47-4616206 
HOV Enterprise Services, Inc.  
22-3520617 
HOV Services, Inc. 
38-3384800 
HOV Services, LLC 
26-0839966 
HOVG, LLC 
77-0611900 
J & B Software, Inc. 
23-2327305 
Kinsella Media LLC 
52-2301194 
Lason International, Inc. 
38-3402450 
Managed Care Professionals, LLC 
81-1143386 
Meridian Consulting Group, LLC 
59-3770509 
Neon Acquisition, LLC  
80-0947559 
Novitex Enterprise Solutions Canada, Inc. 
N/A 
Novitex Government Solutions, LLC 
30-0193564 
Novitex Holdings, Inc. 
38-3914247 
Novitex Intermediate, LLC 
80-0947386 
Pangea Acquisitions Inc. 
46-4861356 
Plexus Global Finance, LLC 
61-1694576 
RC4 Capital, LLC 
80-0868892 
Recognition Mexico Holding Inc. 
30-0994449 
Regulus America LLC 
22-2974594 
Regulus Group II LLC 
26-4545318

1

=== page 44 ===
Case 25-90023   Document 6   Filed in TXSB on 03/03/25   Page 44 of 47

Entity Name 
Federal Employee Identification

Number (EIN)

Regulus Group LLC 
23-2847269 
Regulus Holding Inc. 
26-3714081 
Regulus Integrated Solutions LLC 
52-2277055 
Regulus West LLC 
23-2866282 
Rust Consulting, Inc. 
41-1813634 
Rustic Canyon III, LLC 
N/A 
Services Integration Group, L.P. 
76-0531355 
SIG-GP, L.L.C. 
N/A 
SOURCECORP BPS Inc. 
51-0370086 
SOURCECORP Legal Inc. 
58-2482419 
SOURCECORP Management, Inc. 
75-2912986 
SOURCECORP, Incorporated 
75-2560895 
SourceHOV Canada Company 
N/A 
SourceHOV Healthcare, Inc. 
57-0835087 
SourceHOV Holdings, Inc. 
68-0683138 
SourceHOV LLC 
26-2270219 
TRAC Holdings, LLC 
20-5736962 
TransCentra, Inc. 
32-0345387 
United Information Services, Inc. 
42-1446157 
XCV-EMEA, LLC 
88-3869335

2

=== page 45 ===
Case 25-90023   Document 6   Filed in TXSB on 03/03/25   Page 45 of 47

Exhibit C

Debtors’ Facilities

=== page 46 ===
Case 25-90023   Document 6   Filed in TXSB on 03/03/25   Page 46 of 47

Address 
City 
State 
Status 
1 Cabot Rd. 
MEDFORD 
MA 
Lease 
16 International Dr. 
EAST GRANBY 
CT 
Lease

365 W Passaic St (Suite 187) 
ROCHELLE 
PARK 
NJ 
Lease 
2037 South 4130 West (Goldman) 
SALT LAKE CITY 
UT 
Lease 
2410 W. Ruthrauff Rd., Suite 110-J 
TUCSON 
AZ 
Lease 
135 West Central Blvd. 
ORLANDO 
FL 
Lease 
6400 N. Davis Highway 
PENSACOLA 
FL 
Lease 
2540 Executive Center Circle West (Suite 103) 
TALLAHASSEE 
FL 
Lease 
2813 Industrial Plaza Dr.  
TALLAHASSEE 
FL 
Lease 
11764 Marco Beach Dr. 
JACKSONVILLE 
FL 
Lease 
4901 Tower Ct. 
TALLAHASSEE 
AL 
Lease 
6945 Northpark Blvd. 
CHARLOTTE 
NC 
Lease 
100 Executive Center Dr. A11 
COLUMBIA 
SC 
Lease 
2701 E Grauwyler Rd. B1, B2, B3 
IRVING 
TX 
Lease 
5820 W. Cypress St. 
TAMPA 
FL 
Lease 
20500 Belshaw Ave. 
CARSON 
CA 
Lease 
307 23rd St. Ext. 
SHARPSBURG 
PA 
Lease 
40 N Main St. 
DAYTON 
OH 
Lease 
6330 S. Sandhill Rd. 
LAS VEGAS 
NV 
Lease 
6716 Grade Ln. 
LOUISVILLE 
KY 
Lease 
102 London Shopping Center 
LONDON 
KY 
Lease 
8220 (A-F) Alpine Ave. 
SACRAMENTO 
CA 
Lease 
26-34 Wall St. 
BINGHAMTON 
NY 
Lease 
201 South Lyndale Ave. 
FARIBAULT 
MN 
Lease 
3800 & 3840 Kilroy Airport Way 
LONG BEACH 
CA 
Lease

365 W Passaic St. (Suites 120, 185, 255 and 260) 
ROCHELLE 
PARK 
NJ 
Lease 
4868 Highway 85 
FOREST PARK 
GA 
Lease 
10365 Railroad Dr. 
EL PASO 
TX 
Lease 
601 W 26th St.  
NEW YORK 
NY 
Lease 
2300 Brookstone Centre Pkwy. 
COLUMBUS 
GA 
Lease 
100 Executive Center Dr. Lexicode, Suite 101 
COLUMBIA 
SC 
Lease

ONTARIO,

124 Bermondsey Rd. 
NORTH YORK

CANADA 
Lease 
510 E Township Line Rd. 
BLUE BELL 
PA 
Lease 
1735 E 14 Mile Rd.  
TROY 
MI 
Lease 
4537 & 4553 NW 112 St. 
URBANDALE 
IA 
Lease 
1000 S. Perimeter Rd. 
RANTOUL 
IL 
Lease

9128 East Hampton Dr. 
CAPITOL 
HEIGHTS 
MD 
Lease 
183 Plaza Dr. 
WILDWOOD 
MO 
Lease 
4036 and 4050 South 500 West 
SALT LAKE CITY 
UT 
Lease

1

=== page 47 ===
Case 25-90023   Document 6   Filed in TXSB on 03/03/25   Page 47 of 47

1155 Robert-Bourassa Boulevard 
MONTREAL

QUEBEC, 
CANADA 
Lease

ONTARIO,

2480 Dunwin Dr. 
MISSISSAUGA

CANADA 
Lease 
3137 E Elwood St. 
PHOENIX 
AZ 
Lease 
758 Rainbow Rd. 
WINDSOR 
CT 
Lease 
410 University Ave. 
WESTWOOD 
MA 
Lease 
920 Second Ave South 
MINNEAPOLIS 
MN 
Lease 
9495 Southwest 72nd St. 
MIAMI 
FL 
Lease 
4101 Oakesdale Avenue SW 
RENTON 
WA 
Lease 
606 South US Highway 31 
GEORGIANA 
AL 
Owned 
1250 W 14 Mile Rd. 
TROY 
MI 
Owned

2

