=== page 1 ===
Case 25-10472-LSS    Doc 31-1    Filed 03/18/25    Page 1 of 44

EXHIBIT A

=== page 2 ===
Case 25-10472-LSS    Doc 31-1    Filed 03/18/25    Page 2 of 44

Prepetition Secured Lenders’ Draft

IN THE UNITED STATES BANKRUPTCY COURT

FOR THE DISTRICT OF DELAWARE

Chapter 11

In re:

Case No. 25-10472 (LSS)

Brightmark Plastics Renewal LLC, et al.,1

(Joint Administration Requested)

Debtors.

INTERIM ORDER (I) AUTHORIZING THE DEBTORS TO OBTAIN POSTPETITION

FINANCING; (II) GRANTING LIENS AND SUPERPRIORITY ADMINISTRATIVE
EXPENSE CLAIMS SUBJECT TO CERTAIN PERMITTED LIENS; (III) GRANTING

ADEQUATE PROTECTION; (IV) MODIFYING THE AUTOMATIC STAY; (V)
SCHEDULING A FINAL HEARING; AND (VI) GRANTING RELATED RELIEF

Upon the motion (the “Motion”)2 of Brightmark Plastics Renewal LLC and its affiliated

debtors, as debtors and debtors in possession (collectively, the “Debtors”) in the above-captioned

chapter 11 cases (the “Chapter 11 Cases”), seeking entry of an order, pursuant to sections 105,

361, 362, 363, 364, 503, 507, and 522 of title 11 of the United States Code, 11 U.S.C. §§

101-1532 (the “Bankruptcy Code”), rules 2002, 4001, 6003, and 6004 of the Federal Rules of

Bankruptcy Procedure (the “Bankruptcy Rules”), and rules 2002-1 and 4001-2 of the Local Rules

of the United States Bankruptcy Court for the District of Delaware (the “Local Rules”), seeking

entry of an interim order (together with all exhibits hereto, this “Interim Order”) that, among

other things:

i.
authorizes the Debtors to obtain secured postpetition financing on a subordinated
priority basis (the “DIP Facility,” and the loans issued thereunder, the “DIP
Loans”) in an aggregate principal amount of up to $13,000,000 (the “DIP
Commitment”), not to exceed the Approved Budget (defined below) of which, (i)

1
The Debtors in these chapter 11 cases, together with the last four digits of each Debtor’s federal tax
identification number, are: Brightmark Plastics Renewal LLC (7907); Brightmark Plastics Renewal Indiana
LLC (7118); and Brightmark Plastics Renewal Services LLC (3789). The Debtors’ headquarters are located at
1725 Montgomery St, Floor 3, San Francisco, CA 94111.

2
Capitalized terms used herein but not defined shall have the meaning ascribed to them in the Motion or DIP
Credit Agreement (defined below), as applicable.

12117981v.1

=== page 3 ===
Case 25-10472-LSS    Doc 31-1    Filed 03/18/25    Page 3 of 44

$5,600,000 (the “Interim Amount”) shall be made available to the Debtors, and
may be drawn in one or more draws (in an aggregate minimum amount of
$100,000 or multiples thereof), upon entry of the Interim Order and satisfaction or
waiver of the borrowing conditions set forth in the DIP Credit Agreement
(defined below) and the Interim Order; and (ii) the remainder of the DIP
Commitment shall be made available to the Debtors upon entry of the Final
Order, through additional draws and in each case subject to the terms and
conditions set forth in that certain Secured, Super-Priority Debtor-in-Possession
Loan and Security Agreement by and among Brightmark Plastics Ashley Holdco
LLC or its designees or assignees, as lender (the “DIP Lender”) and the Debtors,
as borrowers (as may be amended, restated, supplemented or otherwise modified
from time to time in accordance with the terms thereof, the “DIP Credit
Agreement,” a copy of which is attached to the Interim Order as Exhibit 1 and,
together with any ancillary, collateral, or related documents and agreements, the
“DIP Documents”);

ii.
approves the terms of the DIP Credit Agreement, and authorizes the Debtors to
execute, deliver, and perform under the DIP Credit Agreement and any other DIP
Documents;

iii.
authorizes the Debtors, on an interim basis, to issue, incur, and guarantee all
loans, notes, advances, extensions of credit, financial accommodations,
reimbursement obligations, fees and premiums (including any fees payable
pursuant to the DIP Credit Agreement), and all other obligations due or payable to
or for the benefit of the DIP Lender under the DIP Credit Agreement and the other
DIP Documents (collectively, the “DIP Obligations”), and to perform such other
acts as may be required or appropriate in connection therewith;

iv.
authorizes and directs the Debtors, on an interim basis, to use the proceeds of the
DIP Facility solely in accordance with the DIP Credit Agreement and this Interim
Order to (a) fund the postpetition working capital needs of the Debtors pending
the Final Hearing (as defined below); (b) pay fees, costs, and expenses of the DIP
Facility on the terms and conditions described in this Interim Order and the DIP
Credit Agreement; and (c) pay the allowed administrative costs and expenses of
the Chapter 11 Cases, in each case, solely in accordance with the DIP Credit
Agreement, the Approved Budget (as defined below), and this Interim Order;

v.
authorizes the Debtors to grant to the DIP Lender valid, enforceable,
non-avoidable, and automatically, fully perfected liens in all of the DIP Collateral
(as defined below) and all proceeds thereof, in favor of the DIP Lender to secure
the DIP Obligations, which liens shall be subordinate only to the Carve Out and
the existing liens of the Prepetition Secured Parties3 (the “Prior Permitted Senior
Liens”);

3 NTD: Defined term?

2

12117981v.1

=== page 4 ===
Case 25-10472-LSS    Doc 31-1    Filed 03/18/25    Page 4 of 44

vi.
authorizes the Debtors to grant to the Prepetition Secured Parties (as defined
below), as adequate protection of their respective interest in the Prepetition Bond
Collateral (as defined below), valid, enforceable, non-avoidable, and
automatically and fully perfected security interests and replacement liens in the
DIP Collateral and allowed superpriority administrative expense claims pursuant
to sections 503(b) and 507(b) of the Bankruptcy Code, solely to the extent of any
Diminution (as defined below) of the Prepetition Secured Parties’ respective
interest in the Prepetition Bond Collateral, which liens and claims shall be subject
to the priorities set forth in the Interim Order;

vii.
authorizes the DIP Lender to take all commercially reasonable actions to
implement and effectuate the terms of this Interim Order and the DIP Credit
Agreement;

viii.
authorizes payment of the DIP Fees (as defined below) at the times and in the
amounts set forth in the DIP Credit Agreement;

ix.
upon entry of the Final Order, waives (a) the Debtors’ right to surcharge the DIP
Lender or the DIP Collateral pursuant to sections 105(a) and 506(c) of the
Bankruptcy Code or otherwise; and (b) the equitable doctrine of “marshaling” and
other similar doctrines with respect to the DIP Lender or the DIP Collateral;

x.
modifies the automatic stay imposed by section 362(a) of the Bankruptcy Code to
the extent set forth herein and as necessary to permit the Debtors and the DIP
Lender to implement and effectuate the terms and provisions of the DIP Credit
Agreement and this Interim Order, and authorizes the DIP Lender and Prepetition
Secured Parties, upon the occurrence and continuation of an Event of Default (as
set forth herein and in the DIP Credit Agreement), to deliver any notices and
otherwise exercise rights and remedies, as contemplated in this Interim Order and
the DIP Credit Agreement;

xi.
waives any applicable stay (including under Bankruptcy Rule 6004) and provides
for immediate effectiveness of this Interim Order; and

xii.
schedules a final hearing (the “Final Hearing”) to consider final approval of the
DIP Facility pursuant to a proposed final order (the “Final Order”), as set forth in
the Motion and the DIP Credit Agreement.

This Court, having considered the relief requested in the Motion, the exhibits attached

thereto, the First Day Declaration, the DIP Declaration, the DIP Credit Agreement, the other

papers filed with this Court, the evidence submitted, and arguments made at the interim hearing

held before this Court on March [●], 2025 (the “Interim Hearing”); and due and sufficient notice

3

12117981v.1

=== page 5 ===
Case 25-10472-LSS    Doc 31-1    Filed 03/18/25    Page 5 of 44

of the Interim Hearing having been given in accordance with Bankruptcy Rules 2002 and

4001(b), (c), and (d) and all applicable Local Rules; and the Interim Hearing having been held

and concluded; and all objections, if any, to the interim relief requested in the Motion having

been withdrawn, resolved, or overruled by the Court; and it appearing that the interim relief

requested in the Motion is fair and reasonable and in the best interests of the Debtors and their

estates, necessary to avoid immediate and irreparable harm to the Debtors and their estates, and

essential for the continued operation of the Debtors’ business and the preservation of the value of

the Debtors’ assets; and it appearing that the Debtors’ entry into the DIP Credit Agreement and

the other DIP Documents is a sound and prudent exercise of the Debtors’ business judgment; and

after due deliberation and consideration, and good and sufficient cause appearing therefor,

THIS COURT HEREBY MAKES THE FOLLOWING FINDINGS OF FACT AND

CONCLUSIONS OF LAW BASED UPON THE MOTION, THE REPRESENTATIONS

OF COUNSEL, AND THE EVIDENCE SUBMITTED DURING THE HEARING:

a.
Petition Date.  Commencing on March 16, 2025 (the “Petition Date”), each of the

Debtors filed a voluntary petition for relief under chapter 11 of the Bankruptcy Code in this

Court, commencing these Chapter 11 Cases.

b.
Debtors in Possession. The Debtors are operating their business and managing

their properties as debtors in possession pursuant to sections 1107(a) and 1108 of the Bankruptcy

Code.  No trustee or examiner has been appointed in any of the Chapter 11 Cases.

c.
Jurisdiction and Venue. The Court has jurisdiction pursuant to 28 U.S.C. §§

157 and 1334. This is a core proceeding under 28 U.S.C. § 157(b)(2). Venue is proper pursuant

to 28 U.S.C. §§ 1408 and 1409.

4

12117981v.1

=== page 6 ===
Case 25-10472-LSS    Doc 31-1    Filed 03/18/25    Page 6 of 44

d.
Notice. The Interim Hearing was held pursuant to Bankruptcy Rule 4001(b)(2)

and (c)(2). Notice of the relief sought at the Interim Hearing was provided by the Debtors to: (a)

the Office of the United States Trustee for the District of Delaware; (b) the holders of the thirty

(30) largest unsecured claims against the Debtors on a consolidated basis; (c) the Indenture

Trustee, on behalf of the Prepetition Secured Parties; (d) the DIP Lender; (e) the Bridge Lender;

(f) the Internal Revenue Service; (g) the United States Attorney’s Office for the District of

Delaware; (h) the state attorneys general for all states in which the Debtors conduct business; and

(i) any party that has requested notice pursuant to Bankruptcy Rule 2002. No other or further

notice of the Motion or the entry of this Interim Order shall be required. The interim relief

granted herein is necessary to avoid immediate and irreparable harm to the Debtors and their

estates pending the Final Hearing.

e.
Committee Formation. As of the date hereof, the United States Trustee for the

District of Delaware (the “U.S. Trustee”) has not appointed an official committee of unsecured

creditors in these Chapter 11 Cases pursuant to section 1102 of the Bankruptcy Code (a

“Creditors’ Committee”).

f.
No Credit Available on More Favorable Terms. Given their current financial

condition, financing arrangements, and capital structure, and the circumstances of the Chapter 11

Cases as demonstrated at the Interim Hearing, the Debtors are unable to obtain financing from

sources other than the DIP Lender on terms more favorable than the DIP Facility. The Debtors

are unable to procure sufficient financing in the form of unsecured credit allowable as an

administrative expense. The Debtors are also unable to obtain sufficient secured credit without

(i) granting to the DIP Lender the DIP Liens and the DIP Superpriority Claims and (ii) granting

the other protections set forth in this Interim Order. After considering all alternatives, the

5

12117981v.1

=== page 7 ===
Case 25-10472-LSS    Doc 31-1    Filed 03/18/25    Page 7 of 44

Debtors have properly concluded, in the exercise of their sound business judgment, that the DIP

Facility represents the best financing available to them at this time and is in the best interests of

all their stakeholders.

g.
Good Faith. Based upon the papers filed and the proceedings of record in these

Chapter 11 Cases, (i) the extension of credit and financial accommodations under the DIP

Facility, as provided by the DIP Credit Agreement, are fair, reasonable, in good faith, negotiated

at arm’s length, reflect the Debtors’ exercise of prudent business judgment consistent with their

fiduciary duties, and are supported by reasonably equivalent value and fair consideration; (ii) the

DIP Facility and the DIP Loans thereunder are being provided by the DIP Lender in “good faith”

within the meaning of section 364(e) of the Bankruptcy Code in express reliance on the

protections offered thereby; (iii) the liens, claims, and other covenants and payments as set forth

in the DIP Credit Agreement or this Interim Order, as well as the protections afforded parties

acting in “good faith” under section 364(e) of the Bankruptcy Code are integral, critical, and

essential components of the DIP Facility provided by the DIP Lender to the Debtors; and (iv) the

DIP Facility, the DIP Liens, and the DIP Superpriority Claims shall be entitled to the full

protection of section 364(e) of the Bankruptcy Code in the event that this Interim Order or any

provision hereof is vacated, reversed, or modified, on appeal or otherwise.

h.
Good Cause.  Good cause has been shown for the entry of this Interim Order, and

the entry of this Interim Order is in the best interests of the Debtors, their estates, their creditors,

and other parties in interest. The interim relief requested in the Motion is in the best interest of

the Debtors and their estates.

i.
Need for Postpetition Financing. The Debtors do not have sufficient and

reliable sources of working capital to continue to operate their business in the ordinary course

6

12117981v.1

=== page 8 ===
Case 25-10472-LSS    Doc 31-1    Filed 03/18/25    Page 8 of 44

without the financing requested in the Motion. The financing provided pursuant to this Interim

Order and the DIP Credit Agreement will permit the Debtors to, among other things, (i) pay the

fees, costs, and expenses incurred in connection with the Chapter 11 Cases; (ii) fund any

obligations benefiting from the Carve Out; (iii) continue the orderly continuation of the operation

of their business; (iv) maintain business relationships with customers, vendors, and suppliers; (v)

make payroll for their employees; and (vi) satisfy other working capital and operational needs.

j.
Willingness to Provide Financing. The DIP Lender has committed to provide

financing to the Debtors subject to: (i) entry of this Interim Order; (ii) approval of the terms and

conditions of the DIP Facility, the DIP Credit Agreement, and the other DIP Documents;

(iii) satisfaction of the closing conditions set forth in the DIP Credit Agreement; and (iv) findings

by this Court that the DIP Lender is extending credit to the Debtors pursuant to this Interim

Order and the DIP Credit Agreement in good faith, and that the DIP Lender’s claims,

superpriority claims, security interests and liens, and other protections granted pursuant to this

Interim Order and the DIP Credit Agreement will have the protections provided by section

364(e) of the Bankruptcy Code.

k.
DIP Budget. The Debtors have prepared and delivered to the DIP Lender and its

advisors an initial budget attached hereto as Exhibit 2 (together with any additional line-item or

other detail and supplements as may be provided pursuant to the terms of the DIP Credit

Agreement, the “Initial DIP Budget”). The Initial DIP Budget reflects, among other things, for

the 9-week period commencing on or about the Petition Date, the Debtors’ projected operating

receipts, operating disbursements, non-operating disbursements, net operating cash flow, and

liquidity for each one-week period covered thereby. The Initial DIP Budget may be modified,

amended, extended, and updated from time to time in accordance with the DIP Credit Agreement

7

12117981v.1

=== page 9 ===
Case 25-10472-LSS    Doc 31-1    Filed 03/18/25    Page 9 of 44

or the other DIP Documents, and such modified, amended, extended and/or updated budget, once

approved (or deemed approved) by the Debtors and the DIP Lender, shall modify, replace,

supplement, or supersede, as applicable, the Initial DIP Budget for the periods covered thereby

(the Initial DIP Budget and each subsequent approved budget (including any additional line-item

or other detail and supplements as may be provided pursuant to the terms of the DIP Credit

Agreement) shall constitute, without duplication, an “Approved Budget”). The Initial DIP

Budget has been prepared by the Debtors, their management, and their advisors, and the Debtors

believe that the Initial DIP Budget is reasonable under the circumstances. The DIP Lender is

relying, in part, upon the Debtors’ agreement to comply with the Approved Budget (subject only

to Permitted Variances) and the terms of the DIP Credit Agreement in determining to enter into

the DIP Facility provided for in this Interim Order.

l.
Use of Proceeds of DIP Facility. As a condition to the Debtors’ entry into the

DIP Credit Agreement and the other DIP Documents and the extension of credit under the DIP

Facility, the Debtors have agreed that the proceeds of the DIP Facility shall be used solely in

accordance with the terms and conditions of this Interim Order, the DIP Credit Agreement, and

the Approved Budget (subject to Permitted Variances).

m.
Section 506(c) and Marshaling. As material inducement to the DIP Lender’s

agreement that its liens and superpriority claims shall be subject to payment of the Carve Out and

the existing liens of the Prepetition Secured Parties (the “Permitted Liens”), upon entry of the

Final Order that so provides, the DIP Lender is entitled to (i) a waiver of the equitable doctrine

of “marshaling” or any similar doctrine with respect to the DIP Collateral and the DIP

Obligations in favor of the DIP Lender; and (ii) a waiver of the provisions of section 506(c) of

the Bankruptcy Code with respect to the DIP Collateral.

8

12117981v.1

=== page 10 ===
Case 25-10472-LSS    Doc 31-1    Filed 03/18/25    Page 10 of 44

n.
Requisite Authority. Subject to entry of this Interim Order, each Debtor has all

requisite corporate or entity power and authority to execute and deliver the DIP Credit

Agreement and the other DIP Documents to which it is a party and to perform its obligations

thereunder.

o.
Immediate Entry. Sufficient cause exists for immediate entry of this Interim

Order pursuant to Bankruptcy Rule 4001(c)(2) and Local Rule 4001-2. Absent granting the

relief set forth in this Interim Order, the Debtors’ estates will be immediately and irreparably

harmed. Consummation of the DIP Facility in accordance with this Interim Order and the DIP

Credit Agreement, are therefore in the best interests of the Debtors’ estates and consistent with

the Debtors’ exercise of their fiduciary duties.

p.
Consent by Bridge Lender. The Bridge Lender consents to the entry into the

DIP Facility and the DIP Loan Documents solely in accordance with and subject to the terms and

conditions provided for in this Interim Order.

NOW, THEREFORE, based upon the foregoing findings and conclusions, the Motion,

and the record before this Court, and after due consideration, and this Court having found good

and sufficient cause therefor,

IT IS HEREBY ORDERED THAT:

1.
Motion Granted. The relief sought in the Motion is GRANTED on an interim

basis as set forth herein. Entry into the DIP Credit Agreement and, as applicable, the other DIP

Documents is authorized and approved, subject to the terms and conditions set forth in this

Interim Order and in the DIP Credit Agreement, including the Approved Budget (subject to

Permitted Variances). All objections to the Motion to the extent not withdrawn, waived, settled,

or resolved are hereby denied and overruled on the merits.

9

12117981v.1

=== page 11 ===
Case 25-10472-LSS    Doc 31-1    Filed 03/18/25    Page 11 of 44

2.
Authorization of the DIP Facility. The Debtors are expressly and immediately

authorized and empowered to execute and deliver the DIP Credit Agreement and the other DIP

Documents (as applicable), and to incur and perform the DIP Obligations in accordance with,

and subject to, the terms of this Interim Order and the DIP Credit Agreement, and to execute,

deliver, and perform (and to cause the DIP Lender to execute, deliver, and perform) under all

instruments, certificates, agreements, and documents which may be required or necessary for

their performance under the DIP Credit Agreement, and the creation and perfection of the DIP

Liens described in and provided for by this Interim Order and the DIP Credit Agreement. Each

of the Debtors is hereby authorized to pay any principal, interest, fees, expenses, and other

amounts subject to and in accordance with the DIP Credit Agreement and this Interim Order, as

such amounts become due and owing, without further Court approval (except as otherwise

provided herein or in the DIP Credit Agreement), including, without limitation, any reasonable

and documented fees and expenses of counsel to the DIP Lender, as set forth herein and in the

DIP Credit Agreement, subject to paragraph 26 of this Interim Order, and to take any other

actions that may be necessary or appropriate, all to the extent provided in this Interim Order and

the DIP Credit Agreement. Upon execution and delivery, the DIP Credit Agreement and, as

applicable, the other DIP Documents shall represent legal, valid, and binding obligations of the

Debtors, enforceable against the Debtors and their estates in accordance with their terms. All

provisions of the DIP Credit Agreement are incorporated herein and approved in their entirety.

Each officer of the Debtors acting individually is hereby authorized to execute and deliver each

of the DIP Credit Agreement and the other DIP Documents.

3.
DIP Obligations. The DIP Credit Agreement and this Interim Order shall

constitute and evidence the validity and binding effect of the DIP Obligations.
 All DIP

10

12117981v.1

=== page 12 ===
Case 25-10472-LSS    Doc 31-1    Filed 03/18/25    Page 12 of 44

Obligations shall be enforceable against the Debtors, their respective estates, and any successors

thereto, including without limitation, any trustee appointed in the Chapter 11 Cases, or in any

case under Chapter 7 of the Bankruptcy Code upon the conversion of the Chapter 11 Cases, or in

any other proceeding superseding or related to any of the foregoing (the “Successor Case”).

Upon entry of this Interim Order, the DIP Obligations shall include, but not be limited to, (a) the

payment by the Debtors of (i) the unpaid principal amount of and interest on the DIP Loans, as

and when due, whether at maturity, by acceleration, or otherwise, and (ii) all other monetary

obligations of the Debtors to the DIP Lender under the DIP Credit Agreement and this Interim

Order, and (b) the payment and performance of all covenants, duties, agreements, obligations,

and liabilities of the Debtors to the DIP Lender under the DIP Credit Agreement and this Interim

Order. The Debtors and their successors shall be jointly and severally liable for repayment of

any funds advanced pursuant to the DIP Credit Agreement and the DIP Obligations. The DIP

Obligations shall become due and payable, without notice or demand, on the Maturity Date or as

otherwise set forth in the DIP Credit Agreement. No obligation, payment, transfer, or grant of

collateral as security hereunder or under the DIP Credit Agreement (including any DIP

Obligation or DIP Liens) to the DIP Lender shall be stayed, restrained, voidable, avoidable, or

recoverable, under the Bankruptcy Code or under any applicable law, or be subject to any

disgorgement, avoidance, reduction, setoff, recoupment, offset, recharacterization, subordination,

claim, counterclaim, charge, assessment, cross-claim, defense, or any other liability or challenge

under the Bankruptcy Code or any applicable law or regulation by any person or entity for any

reason.

4.
Authorization to Borrow. The Debtors are hereby authorized to execute,

deliver, enter into, and, as applicable, comply with and perform all of their obligations, and to

11

12117981v.1

=== page 13 ===
Case 25-10472-LSS    Doc 31-1    Filed 03/18/25    Page 13 of 44

pay all fees, costs, expenses, indemnities, and other amounts contemplated, under the DIP Credit

Agreement (and any other DIP Documents) and to take such other and further acts as may be

necessary, appropriate, or desirable in connection therewith. Upon entry of this Interim Order,

the Debtors are authorized to borrow up to aggregate amount of the Interim Amount, in each

case, in accordance with the DIP Credit Agreement, and the DIP Obligations are hereby

approved (as and when such amounts become earned, due, and payable in accordance with the

DIP Credit Agreement) without the need to seek further Court approval. The borrowing of DIP

Loans under this Interim Order and the DIP Credit Agreement shall permanently decrease the

DIP Commitment and, once repaid, the DIP Loans incurred may not be re-borrowed.

5.
DIP Collateral. The term “DIP Collateral” means, collectively, each Debtor’s

right, title, and interest in, to, and under all such Debtor’s assets, including, but not limited to the

following, in each case, whether now owned or existing or hereafter acquired, created, or arising

and wherever located: all assets and property of such Debtor and its estate, real or personal,

tangible or intangible, now owned or hereafter acquired, whether arising before or after the

Petition Date, including, without limitation, all contracts, contract rights, licenses, general

intangibles, instruments, equipment, accounts, documents, goods, inventory, fixtures,

documents, cash, cash equivalents, accounts receivables, chattel paper, letters of credit and letter

of credit rights, investment property (including, without limitation, all equity interests owned by

such Debtor in its current and future subsidiaries), commercial tort claims, arbitration awards,

money, insurance, receivables, receivables records, deposit accounts, collateral support,

supporting obligations and instruments, fixtures, all interests in leaseholds and real properties, all

patents, copyrights, trademarks, all trade names and other intellectual property (whether such

intellectual property is registered in the United States or in any foreign jurisdiction), together

12

12117981v.1

=== page 14 ===
Case 25-10472-LSS    Doc 31-1    Filed 03/18/25    Page 14 of 44

with all books and records relating to the foregoing, all proceeds, products, accessions, rents and

profits of or in respect of any of the foregoing (as such terms are defined in the Uniform

Commercial Code as in effect from time to time in the State of Delaware) and (i) effective upon

entry of the Interim Order, all causes of actions under section 549 of the Bankruptcy Code to

recover any postpetition transfer of DIP Collateral and any proceeds thereof and (ii) effective

upon entry of the Final Order that so provides, all Avoidance Actions34 and the proceeds

thereof., in each case, as applicable, subject in all respects to the Prior Permitted Senior Liens

and the rights of the Prepetition Secured Parties with respect to all Prepetition Bond Collateral.;

provided, however, that notwithstanding anything to the contrary in this Interim Order, the DIP

Lender shall not be granted any liens on or security interest in any claims or causes of action

(including but not limited to Avoidance Actions) against any insider or affiliate of the Debtors

(including, for the avoidance of doubt, Brightmark LLC) until entry of a Final Order.

6.
Disposition of Collateral. Notwithstanding anything otherwise provided herein,

it shall be deemed an Event of Default under the DIP Credit Agreement and, as applicable, the

other DIP Documents if the Debtors sell, transfer, lease, encumber, or otherwise dispose of any

portion of the DIP Collateral, other than in the ordinary course of business or in connection with

the payments contemplated under this Interim Order or the Approved Budget (subject to the

Permitted Variances), without the prior written consent of the DIP Lender, which consent shall

not unreasonably be withheld or delayed, in each case, as applicable, subject in all respects to the

Prior Permitted Senior Liens and the rights of the Prepetition Secured Parties with respect to

34
For the purposes of this Interim Order, “Avoidance Actions” means any and all avoidance, recovery,
subordination or other claims, actions or remedies that may be brought by or on behalf of the Debtors or their
estates or other authorized parties in interest under the Bankruptcy Code or other applicable law, including
actions or remedies under sections 544, 545, 547, 548, and 550 of the Bankruptcy Code or under similar or
related state or federal statutes and common law, including fraudulent transfer laws.

13

12117981v.1

=== page 15 ===
Case 25-10472-LSS    Doc 31-1    Filed 03/18/25    Page 15 of 44

thePrepetition Bond Collateral. Notwithstanding anything otherwise provided herein, 100% of

any net cash proceeds of any sale of DIP Collateral outside of the ordinary course of business

shall, subject to the satisfaction of the Carve Out and the lien priorities set forth herein (including

in all respects to the Prior Permitted Senior Liens and the rights of the Prepetition Secured

Parties with respect to all Prepetition Bond Collateral, as applicable) and in the DIP Credit

Agreement, be used to immediately satisfy the DIP Obligations.

7.
DIP Liens. To secure the DIP Obligations, immediately upon and effective as of

entry of this Interim Order, the DIP Lender is hereby granted, on an interim basis, continuing,

valid, binding, enforceable, non-avoidable, and automatically and properly perfected security

interests in and liens on the DIP Collateral (the “DIP Liens”) as follows, in each case subject to

the Carve Out and Prior Permitted Senior Liens:

a.
Liens Priming the Bridge Loan Liens. Pursuant to section 364(d)(1) of the

Bankruptcy Code, valid, binding, continuing, enforceable, non-avoidable, and

automatically and fully perfected first-priority senior priming liens and security

interests in all assets and interests in property of the Debtors that are subject to the

Bridge Loan Liens (including the Bridge Loan Collateral), regardless of where

located, which senior priming liens and security interests in favor of the DIP

Lender shall be senior to the Bridge Loan Liens;

b. Liens on Unencumbered/Unperfected Property. Pursuant to section 364(c)(2)

of the Bankruptcy Code, valid, binding, continuing, enforceable, non-avoidable,

and automatically and fully perfected first-priority liens on and security interests

in all DIP Collateral that is (i) subject to an invalid, unperfected, unenforceable, or

avoidable security interest or lien or (ii) not otherwise subject to any valid,

14

12117981v.1

=== page 16 ===
Case 25-10472-LSS    Doc 31-1    Filed 03/18/25    Page 16 of 44

perfected, enforceable, and non-avoidable liens or security interests, subject only

to Statutory Liens; and

c.
Liens Junior to Certain Other Liens. Pursuant to section 364(c)(3) of the

Bankruptcy Code, valid, enforceable, non-avoidable, and automatically and fully

perfected junior liens on and security interests in all DIP Collateral, junior only to

the Prior Permitted Senior Liens.

Other than as set forth herein or in the DIP Credit Agreement, the DIP Liens shall not be made

subject to or pari passu with any lien or security interest heretofore or hereinafter granted in the

Chapter 11 Cases or any Successor Case, and shall be valid and enforceable against any trustee

appointed in the Chapter 11 Cases or any Successor Case, upon the conversion of any of the

Chapter 11 Cases to a case under Chapter 7 of the Bankruptcy Code (or in any other Successor

Case), and/or upon the dismissal of any of the Chapter 11 Cases or Successor Case. The DIP

Liens shall not be subject to sections 510, 549, or 550 of the Bankruptcy Code.

8.
DIP Superpriority Claims.  Subject to the Carve Out, immediately upon entry of

this Interim Order, the DIP Lender is hereby granted, pursuant to section 364(c)(1) of the

Bankruptcy Code, allowed superpriority administrative expense claims in the Chapter 11 Cases

and any Successor Case (collectively, the “DIP Superpriority Claims”) for all DIP Obligations

with priority over any and all administrative expense claims and unsecured claims against the

Debtors’ or their estates in the Chapter 11 Cases and any Successor Case, as provided under

section 364(c)(1) of the Bankruptcy Code, and which shall be senior to the rights of the Debtors,

their estates, and their successors or other representatives to the extent permitted by law.  TheFor

the avoidance of doubt, the DIP Superpriority Claims shall have recourse to and be payable from

all prepetition and postpetition property and assets of the Debtors and the estates and all DIPin

15

12117981v.1

=== page 17 ===
Case 25-10472-LSS    Doc 31-1    Filed 03/18/25    Page 17 of 44

all respects be junior to and subject to the Prepetition Secured Parties’ Prior Permitted Senior

Liens and the Bond Adequate Protection Superpriority Claims with respect to all Prepetition

Bond Collateral and all proceeds thereof.

9.
No Obligation to Extend Credit. The DIP Lender shall have no obligation to

make any loan or advance under the DIP Credit Agreement unless (a) all of the conditions

precedent and other terms under the DIP Credit Agreement and this Interim Order have been

satisfied in full or waived by the DIP Lender (in its sole discretion), and (b) no Event of Default

under the DIP Credit Agreement or the other DIP Documents (including this Interim Order) has

occurred and is continuing.

10.
Use of DIP Facility Proceeds. The Debtors shall be permitted to use DIP Loans

under the DIP Facility only for the purposes specifically set forth in this Interim Order and the

DIP Credit Agreement.

11.
No Monitoring Obligation. The DIP Lender shall not have any obligation or

responsibility to monitor any Debtor’s use of the DIP Facility, and the DIP Lender may rely upon

each Debtor’s representation that the use of the DIP Facility at any time is in accordance with the

requirements of this Interim Order and the DIP Credit Agreement, including the Approved

Budget (subject to the Permitted Variances).

12.
Relative Priority of DIP Liens and Adequate Protection Liens.

Notwithstanding anything herein to the contrary, the DIP Liens, Adequate Protection Liens, and

Prior Permitted Liens shall have the relative priority on the DIP Collateral set forth in Exhibit A

hereto.

13.
Adequate Protection for Prepetition Secured Parties.  As adequate protection:

16

12117981v.1

=== page 18 ===
Case 25-10472-LSS    Doc 31-1    Filed 03/18/25    Page 18 of 44

a.
solely to the extent of any Diminution of the Prepetition Secured Parties’ valid,

perfected, enforceable, and non-avoidable liens or security interests in the

Prepetition Bond Collateral and all proceeds thereof, in each case resulting from

the imposition of the automatic stay and the use, sale or lease by the Debtors of

the Debtors’ assets that constitute Prepetition Bond Collateral during the

pendency of these Chapter 11 Cases, the Prepetition Secured Parties shall receive:

(i)
continuing valid, binding, enforceable and perfected postpetition

replacement liens pursuant to sections 361, 363(e), and 364(d)(l) of the

Bankruptcy Code on the DIP Collateral (the “Adequate Protection Liens”),

which shall be subject and subordinated only to the Carve Out, the DIP

Liens, and the Statutory Liens (the “Adequate Protection Liens”) solely

with respect to Unencumbered Collateral and Bridge Loan Collateral5 and

which (a) shall otherwise be senior to all other security interests in, liens

on, or claims against the DIP Collateral as set forth in the terms of this

Order, and (b) shall not otherwise be made subject to or pari passu with

any lien or security interest heretofore or hereinafter granted in the

Chapter 11 Cases or any Successor Case and shall be valid and

enforceable against any trustee appointed in the Chapter 11 Cases or any

Successor Case, and shall not be subject to sections 510, 549 or 550 of the

Bankruptcy Code, without waiver of any of the Debtors’ or any other

5 For the avoidance of doubt, the Prepetition Secured Parties reserve all rights with respect to the validity and 
enforceability of the Bridge Loan Liens and transaction and nothing in this Interim Order shall impair or otherwise 
impact those rights.

17

12117981v.1

=== page 19 ===
Case 25-10472-LSS    Doc 31-1    Filed 03/18/25    Page 19 of 44

party’s right to assert any and all challenges, causes of action, and claims

against the Prepetition Secured Parties; and

(ii)
Subject and junior to the Carve Out, the DIP Liens, the Prior

Permitted Senior Liens, the DIP Superpriority Claims, and the indefeasible

repayment in full in cash of all DIP Obligations, immediately upon entry

of this Interim Order, the Prepetition Secured Parties are hereby granted

pursuant to sections 503(b) and 507(b) of the Bankruptcy Code, allowed

superpriority administrative expense claims (the “Adequate Protection

Superpriority Claims”) in the Chapter 11 Cases and any Successor Case..;

provided however that the Adequate Protection Superpriority Claims shall

be subordinate and junior to the Carve Out, DIP Liens and DIP Superiority

Claims, solely with respect to the Unencumbered Collateral and Bridge

Loan Collateral;

(iii) payments to the Prepetition Secured Parties and their professionals,

including ArentFox Schiff LLP, Womble, Bond Dickinson LLP and FTI

Consulting, Inc.

b. the Debtors shall provide to counsel in this case for the Indenture Trustee

thePrepetition Secured Parties, the Variance Reports, the Updated Budgets, and

any other reports required to be delivered to the DIP Lender hereunder at the same

time such items are provided to the DIP Lender, and such counsel can share such

reports with the Prepetition Secured Parties.

14.
Modification of DIP Credit Agreement. The Debtors and the DIP Lender are

hereby authorized to implement, in accordance with the terms of the DIP Credit Agreement any

18

12117981v.1

=== page 20 ===
Case 25-10472-LSS    Doc 31-1    Filed 03/18/25    Page 20 of 44

non-material modifications of the DIP Credit Agreement without further notice, motion, or

application to, order of or hearing before, this Court. Any material modification or amendment

to the DIP Credit Agreement shall only be permitted pursuant to an order of this Court, after

being submitted to this Court upon five (5) days’ notice to the U.S. Trustee , the Prepetition

Secured Parties and any Committee appointed in the Chapter 11 Cases; provided that any

forbearance from, or waiver of, (a) a breach by the Debtors of a covenant representation or any

other agreement or (b) a default or an Event of Default, in each case under the DIP Credit

Agreement shall not require an order of this Court. In the event of any inconsistency between

this Interim Order and the DIP Credit Agreement, this Interim Order shall control.

15.
DIP Facility Reporting.  Except as otherwise provided herein or approved by the

DIP Lender, the proceeds from the DIP Facility shall be used only in compliance with the terms

of the DIP Credit Agreement and in accordance with the Approved Budget. The Debtors shall

comply with the reporting requirements and obligations set forth in the DIP Credit Agreement.

16.
Perfection of DIP Liens and Adequate Protection Liens. This Interim Order

shall be sufficient and conclusive evidence of the creation, validity, perfection, and priority of all

liens granted herein, including the DIP Liens and the Adequate Protection Liens, without the

necessity of filing or recording any financing statement, mortgage, deed of trust, notice, or other

instrument or document which may otherwise be required under the law or regulation of any

jurisdiction or the taking of any other action (including entering into any deposit account control

agreement) to validate or perfect (in accordance with applicable non-bankruptcy law) the DIP

Liens and the Adequate Protection Liens or to entitle the DIP Lender and the Prepetition Secured

Parties to the priorities granted herein. Notwithstanding the foregoing, the DIP Lender and the

Prepetition Secured Parties are authorized, but not required, to file, as each deems necessary or

19

12117981v.1

=== page 21 ===
Case 25-10472-LSS    Doc 31-1    Filed 03/18/25    Page 21 of 44

advisable, such financing statements, security agreements, mortgages, notices of liens, and other

similar documents to perfect or otherwise evidence the DIP Liens and the Adequate Protection

Liens in accordance with applicable non-bankruptcy law, and all such financing statements,

mortgages, notices and other documents shall be deemed to have been filed or recorded as of the

Petition Date; provided, however, that no such filing or recordation shall be necessary or

required in order to create or perfect the DIP Liens or the Adequate Protection Liens. The DIP

Lender and the Prepetition Secured Parties may, in their respective sole discretion, file an

electronic copy or photocopy of this Interim Order as a financing statement with any filing or

recording office or with any registry of deeds or similar office in addition to or in lieu of such

financing statements, notices of lien or similar instruments. To the extent that a Prepetition

Secured Party is, with respect to the DIP Collateral, a secured party under any Prepetition Credit

Documents or is listed as loss payee, lenders’ loss payee, or additional insured under any

Debtor’s insurance policies, the DIP Lender shall also be deemed to be the secured party or

mortgagee, as applicable, under such documents or to be the loss payee or additional insured, as

applicable., subject to the terms set forth in this Interim Order. Subject only to any challenge

rights of any non-Debtor party set forth in any Final Order, the Debtors stipulate and agree that

the obligations of the Debtors to the Prepetition Secured Parties are valid and unavoidable in the

amount of no less than [$172,500,000], and that the Prior Permitted Senior Liens on the

Prepetition Bond Collateral are valid, perfected, enforceable, and unavoidable.

17.
Modification of Automatic Stay. The automatic stay of section 362 of the

Bankruptcy Code is hereby modified to the extent necessary to permit the Debtors, the DIP

Lender, and, as applicable, the Prepetition Secured Parties to accomplish the transactions

contemplated by this Interim Order.

20

12117981v.1

=== page 22 ===
Case 25-10472-LSS    Doc 31-1    Filed 03/18/25    Page 22 of 44

18.
Proceeds of Subsequent Financing. If any of the Debtors, any trustee, any

examiner, or any responsible officer subsequently appointed in any of the Chapter 11 Cases or

any Successor Case, shall obtain credit or incur debt pursuant to sections 364(b), 364(c), or

364(d) of the Bankruptcy Code in violation of the DIP Credit Agreement or otherwise at any

time prior to the indefeasible repayment in full in cash of all DIP Obligations (other than

unasserted contingent obligations that expressly survive termination of the DIP Credit

Agreement) and the termination of the DIP Lender’s obligation to extend credit under the DIP

Facility, then, after satisfaction of the Carve Out, and unless otherwise agreed by the DIP Lender,

all cash proceeds derived from such credit or debt shall immediately be turned over to the DIP

Lender to be distributed in accordance with this Interim Order and the DIP Credit Agreement, in

each case, as applicable, subject in all respects to the Prior Permitted Senior Liens and the rights

of the Prepetition Secured Parties with respect to all Prepetition Bond Collateral.

19.
Payments Held in Trust. Except as expressly permitted in this Interim Order,

the DIP Credit Agreement, or otherwise ordered by this Court, including in respect of the Carve

Out and the Prior Permitted Senior Liens, in the event that any person or entity receives any

payment on account of a security interest in the DIP Collateral or receives any DIP Collateral or

any proceeds of DIP Collateral prior to indefeasible payment in full in cash of all DIP

Obligations under the DIP Credit Agreement, and termination of the DIP Facility in accordance

with the DIP Credit Agreement, such person or entity shall be deemed to have received, and shall

hold, any such payment or proceeds of DIP Collateral in trust and shall immediately turn over

such proceeds to the DIP Lender, for application in accordance with this Interim Order, the DIP

Credit Agreement, or the applicable DIP Documents in each case, as applicable, subject in all

21

12117981v.1

=== page 23 ===
Case 25-10472-LSS    Doc 31-1    Filed 03/18/25    Page 23 of 44

respects to the Prior Permitted Senior Liens and the rights of the Prepetition Secured Parties with

respect to all Prepetition Bond Collateral.

20.
Maintenance of DIP Collateral. Until the payment in full of the DIP

Obligations, the Debtors shall: (a) insure the DIP Collateral as required under the DIP Credit

Agreement; and (b) maintain the cash management system consistent with the terms and

conditions of any order(s) governing the Debtors’ cash management systems and the DIP Credit

Agreement.

21.
Right to Credit Bid. Subject to section 363(k) of the Bankruptcy Code, the DIP

Lender may credit bid all or any portion of its claims, including, without limitation, the DIP

Obligations and the DIP Superpriority Claims, on all or any portion of the DIP Collateral and the

Prepetition Secured Parties shall have the right to credit bid all or any portion of their claims

secured by the Permitted Prepetition Senior Liens on all or any portion of the Prepetition Bond

Collateral, in connection with any proposed sale of any, all, or substantially all of the Debtors’

assets, whether occurring pursuant to section 363 of the Bankruptcy Code or included as part of a

reorganization plan under section 1123 of the Bankruptcy Code, including a plan subject to

confirmation under section 1129(b)(2)(A)(ii) of the Bankruptcy Code, or a sale or disposition by

a chapter 7 trustee for any of the Debtors under section 725 of the Bankruptcy Code. In

connection with any such credit bid by the DIP Lender or Prepetition Secured Parties, the

Debtors shall, upon reasonable advance notice by the DIP Lender or Prepetition Secured Parties,

provide for the assignment of such DIP Lender’s or Prepetition Secured Parties right to purchase

the acquired assets to one or more of the applicable DIP Lender’s or Prepetition Secured Parties’

subagents or a newly formed acquisition vehicle. For the avoidance of doubt, nothing in this

paragraph is intended to alter the priority of the DIP Liens, as provided for in this Interim Order.

22

12117981v.1

=== page 24 ===
Case 25-10472-LSS    Doc 31-1    Filed 03/18/25    Page 24 of 44

22.
DIP Termination Event; Exercise of Remedies.

a.
DIP Termination Event. For purposes of this Interim Order, the term

“DIP Termination Event” shall mean: (i) the occurrence of the Maturity Date, (ii)

the occurrence of any material breach or Event of Default under the DIP Credit

Agreement or this Interim Order, or (iii) the acceleration of the DIP Obligations

or termination of the DIP Commitment in accordance with the terms of the DIP

Credit Agreement or the other DIP Documents.

b. Exercise of Remedies.  Upon the occurrence of a DIP Termination Event,

without further notice to, hearing of, application to, or order from this Court, the

automatic stay provisions of section 362 of the Bankruptcy Code shall be vacated

and modified to the extent necessary to permit the DIP Lender to take any of the

following actions, at the same or different time: (i) deliver a written notice (which

may be via email) to counsel for the Debtors, the U.S. Trustee, counsel for the

Prepetition Secured Parties, and counsel for a Creditors’ Committee, if any, (the

“Remedies Notice”) declaring the occurrence of a DIP Termination Event (such

date, the “DIP Termination Declaration Date”) and deliver a Carve Out Trigger

Notice; (ii) declare the termination, reduction, or restriction of any commitments

under the DIP Facility (including the DIP Commitment) to the extent any such

commitment remains; (iii) declare all DIP Obligations to be immediately due and

payable, without presentment, demand, or protest or other notice of any kind, all

of which are expressly waived by the Debtors; (iv) declare the termination,

restriction, or reduction of the DIP Facility and the DIP Credit Agreement as to

any further liability or obligation thereunder, but without affecting the DIP Liens,

23

12117981v.1

=== page 25 ===
Case 25-10472-LSS    Doc 31-1    Filed 03/18/25    Page 25 of 44

the DIP Superpriority Claims, or the DIP Obligations; (v) charge default interest

at the default rate set forth in the DIP Credit Agreement; and (vi) declare the

termination, restriction, or revocation of the ability of the Debtors to use proceeds

of the DIP Facility in each case, as applicable, subject in all respects to the Prior

Permitted Senior Liens and the rights of the Prepetition Secured Parties with

respect to all Prepetition Bond Collateral.

c.
Waiting Period Procedures.  The Debtors may seek an emergency hearing solely

during the period beginning on the DIP Termination Declaration Date and prior to

the expiration of the five (5) days following the DIP Termination Declaration

Date (such period, the “Waiting Period”). If, notwithstanding the foregoing, a

hearing cannot be scheduled prior to the expiration of the Waiting Period, the

Waiting Period shall be deemed automatically extended until such time as the

matter can be heard by the Court. During the Waiting Period, the Debtors shall

continue to have the right to use DIP Collateral in accordance with the terms of

this DIP Order and the Approved Budget, solely to pay any expenses which are

necessary to (i) preserve the Debtors’ going concern value or (ii) contest, in good

faith, the occurrence of the Event of Default (other than, for the avoidance of

doubt, the occurrence of the Maturity Date under the DIP Credit Agreement);

provided, however, that the professional fees and expenses of the Professional

Persons (as defined below) shall be governed by paragraph 24 and subject to the

Approved Budget. in each case, as applicable, subject in all respects to the Prior

Permitted Senior Liens and the rights of the Prepetition Secured Parties with

respect to all Prepetition Bond Collateral. The Prepetition Secured Parties shall

24

12117981v.1

=== page 26 ===
Case 25-10472-LSS    Doc 31-1    Filed 03/18/25    Page 26 of 44

have the right, but not the obligation, to contest whether any DIP Termination

Event or other event of default under the DIP Credit Agreement and/or this

Interim Order has occurred, including but not limited to the right to appear and be

heard at any hearing thereon.

d. Rights and Remedies Following Termination Date. Following a DIP

Termination Declaration Date and unless the Court has entered an order prior to

the expiration of the Waiting Period finding that an Event of Default has not

occurred or is not continuing, or unless the Court orders otherwise, the DIP

Lender shall be entitled to exercise all rights and remedies in accordance with this

Interim Order, the DIP Credit Agreement, the other DIP Documents (if any),

applicable law, and the automatic stay of section 362 of the Bankruptcy Code

shall automatically, without further order of this Court, be lifted, to allow the DIP

Lender to pursue all rights and remedies in accordance with the DIP Credit

Agreement, the other DIP Documents (if any), this Interim Order, and applicable

law., in each case, as applicable, subject in all respects to the Prior Permitted

Senior Liens and the rights of the Prepetition Secured Parties with respect to all

Prepetition Bond Collateral. Following a DIP Termination Date and without

further order of the Court, the automatic stay under Section 362 of the Bankruptcy

Code shall be deemed to be automatically lifted with respect to the Prepetition

Secured Parties, and the Prepetition Secured Parties shall have the right to take

any and all actions with respect to the Prepetition Bond Collateral in accordance

with and to the fullest extent under applicable law. In no event shall the DIP

25

12117981v.1

=== page 27 ===
Case 25-10472-LSS    Doc 31-1    Filed 03/18/25    Page 27 of 44

Lender be permitted to take any actions with respect to any Prepetition Bond

Collateral without the prior written consent of the Prepetition Secured Parties.

23.
No Waiver by Failure to Seek Relief. The rights and remedies of the DIP

Lender specified herein are cumulative and not exclusive of any rights or remedies that the DIP

Lender may have under this Interim Order, the DIP Credit Agreement, applicable law, or

otherwise. The failure or delay on the part of the DIP Lender to seek relief or otherwise exercise

its rights and remedies under this Interim Order, the DIP Credit Agreement, or applicable law

shall not constitute a waiver of any of its respective rights. Except as expressly set forth herein,

none of the rights or remedies of the DIP Lender under this Interim Order or the DIP Credit

Agreement shall be deemed to have been amended, modified, suspended, or waived unless such

amendment, modification, suspension, or waiver is express, in writing and signed by the DIP

Lender. No consents required hereunder by the DIP Lender shall be implied by any inaction or

acquiescence by the DIP Lender.

24.
Carve Out.

a.
Priority of Carve Out. The DIP Liens and the DIP Superpriority Claims, the

Adequate Protection Liens (solely upon entry of a Final Order that so provides),

and Adequate Protection Superpriority Claims (solely upon entry of a Final Order

that so provides) shall be subject and subordinate to payment of the Carve Out.

The Carve Out shall be senior to all claims and liens over all assets of the

Debtors, including any DIP Collateral, as set forth in the DIP Orders, subject in all

respects to the Prior Permitted Senior Liens and the rights of the Prepetition

Secured Parties with respect to all Prepetition Bond Collateral..

26

12117981v.1

=== page 28 ===
Case 25-10472-LSS    Doc 31-1    Filed 03/18/25    Page 28 of 44

b. Carve Out. The term “Carve Out” shall mean the sum of (i) all fees required to

be paid to the Clerk of the Court and to the U.S. Trustee under 28 U.S.C. §

1930(a), together with any interest thereon pursuant to 31 U.S.C. § 3717

(“Statutory Fees”), which shall not be subject to the Approved Budget; (ii)

Court-allowed fees and expenses of a trustee appointed under section 726(b) of

the Bankruptcy Code in an amount not to exceed $50,000; (iii) to the extent

allowed at any time, whether by interim order, procedural order, or otherwise, all

unpaid fees and expenses (the “Allowed Professional Fees”) incurred by persons

or firms retained by the Debtors pursuant to sections 327, 328, or 363 of the

Bankruptcy Code (the “Debtor Professionals”) or persons or firms retained by the

Creditors’ Committee pursuant to sections 328 or 1103 of the Bankruptcy Code

(if any) (together with the Debtor Professionals, the “Professional Persons”), at

any time before or on the first calendar day following delivery by the DIP Lender

of a Carve Out Trigger Notice (as defined below), whether allowed by the Court

prior to or after delivery of a Carve Out Trigger Notice (the “Pre-Trigger Date

Fees”), subject to the Approved Budget and any limits by the DIP Orders,

provided that Professional Persons may carry forward budgeted but unused

disbursements set forth in the Approved Budget for any week for use in any

subsequent week; and (iv) Allowed Professional Fees of Professional Persons in

an aggregate amount not to exceed $75,000 incurred after the first calendar day

following delivery by the DIP Lender of the Carve Out Trigger Notice (the

“Trigger Date”), to the extent allowed at any time, whether by interim order,

procedural order, or otherwise (the amounts set forth in this clause (iv) being the

27

12117981v.1

=== page 29 ===
Case 25-10472-LSS    Doc 31-1    Filed 03/18/25    Page 29 of 44

“Post-Carve Out Trigger Notice Cap” or the “Carve Out Cap”); provided,

however, that for the purposes of the foregoing, any plan success fee, financing

fee, transaction fee, or other similar contingency fee shall not be included in the

Post Carve Out Trigger Notice Cap and shall be paid, to the extent allowed,

pursuant to any confirmed plan in these Chapter 11 Cases; provided, further, that

nothing herein shall be construed to impair the ability of the DIP Lender to object

to the fees, expenses, reimbursement or compensation described in clauses (iii) or

(iv) above, on any grounds. In the event that Allowed Professional Fees exceed

or are expected to exceed the amounts provided in the Approved Budget, the

parties will negotiate in good faith (but without further obligation) regarding a

proposed amendment to the Approved Budget to address such additional Allowed

Professional Fees. For purposes of the foregoing, “Carve Out Trigger Notice”

shall mean a written notice delivered by email (or other electronic means) by the

DIP Lender or its counsel to the Debtors, their lead restructuring counsel, the U.S.

Trustee, counsel to the Prepetition Secured Parties, and counsel to the Creditors’

Committee, if any, which notice may be delivered following the occurrence and

during the continuation of an Event of Default and acceleration of the DIP Loans

under and as such terms are defined in the DIP Credit Agreement, stating that the

Post-Carve Out Trigger Notice Cap has been invoked.

c.
Carve Out Trigger Notice Reserve. The Debtors shall deposit the Pre-Trigger

Date Fees in a segregated account in trust to pay such then unpaid Allowed

Professional Fees (the “Carve Out Trigger Notice Reserve”) prior to any and all

other claims. The Carve Out Trigger Notice Reserve shall be funded on a weekly

28

12117981v.1

=== page 30 ===
Case 25-10472-LSS    Doc 31-1    Filed 03/18/25    Page 30 of 44

basis, and shall contain an amount equal to the amount of fees reflected in the

Approved Budget for Professional Persons from the Closing Date through the

weekly date of funding.

d. Carve Out Draw. Subject to exhaustion of the DIP Commitments, the Debtor

shall be permitted to draw on the DIP Facility in the amount of the Carve Out less

the Carve Out Trigger Notice Reserve, notwithstanding any default, Event of

Default, or the occurrence of a Trigger Date. Any Carve Out Trigger Notice shall

be deemed a consent by the DIP Lender to the Debtor depositing DIP Facility

proceeds into the Carve Out Trigger Notice Reserve in an amount equal to the

sum of the Post-Carve Out Trigger Notice Cap and any budgeted Pre-Trigger

Date Fees reflected in the Approved Budget through the date of the Carve Out

Trigger Notice that have not been deposited in the Carve Out Trigger Notice

Reserve.

e.
Payment of Allowed Professional Fees Prior to the Trigger Date. Any

payment or reimbursement made prior to the occurrence of the Trigger Date in

respect of any Allowed Professional Fees shall not reduce the Carve Out.

f.
No Direct Obligation to Pay Professional Fees; No Waiver of Right to Object

to Fees. The DIP Lender shall not be responsible for the direct payment or

reimbursement of any fees or disbursements of any of the Professional Persons

incurred in connection with the Chapter 11 Cases or any Successor Cases under

any chapter of the Bankruptcy Code. Nothing in the DIP Orders or otherwise

shall be construed to obligate the DIP Lender in any way to pay compensation to,

or to reimburse expenses of, any of the Professional Persons, or to guarantee that

29

12117981v.1

=== page 31 ===
Case 25-10472-LSS    Doc 31-1    Filed 03/18/25    Page 31 of 44

the Debtors or their estates has sufficient funds to pay such compensation or

reimbursement. Nothing herein shall be construed as consent to the allowance of

any fees and/or expenses of Professional Persons of any of the Debtors, the

Creditors’ Committee, if any, any other official or unofficial committee in these

Chapter 11 Cases or any Successor Cases, or of any other person or entity, or shall

affect the right of the DIP Lender to object to the allowance and payment of any

such fees and expenses.

25.
Approval of DIP Fees. In consideration for the DIP Facility, the DIP Lender

shall be paid all fees, expenses, and other amounts payable under the DIP Credit Agreement as

such become due, including, without limitation, the reasonable and documented fees and

expenses of the DIP Lender in connection with the DIP Facility (all such fees, together, the “DIP

Fees”). Upon entry of this Interim Order, the DIP Fees are approved, on a final basis, and are

deemed to be allowed, fully earned, non-refundable, and payable in accordance with the terms of

the DIP Credit Agreement without the need for any further order of this Court. The DIP Fees

shall be part of the DIP Obligations.

26.
DIP Lender’s Professionals’ Fees. Professionals for the DIP Lender (Kilpatrick

Townsend & Stockton LLP, Chipman Brown Cicero & Cole LLP, and Resurgence Financial

Services, LLC, collectively, the “DIP Lender’s Professionals”), shall provide summary copies of

any invoices (which shall not be required to contain time entries and which may be redacted or

modified to the extent necessary to delete any information subject to the attorney-client privilege,

any information constituting attorney work product or any other confidential information, and the

provision of such invoices shall not constitute any waiver of the attorney-client privilege, the

attorney work product doctrine or any other evidentiary privilege or protection recognized under

30

12117981v.1

=== page 32 ===
Case 25-10472-LSS    Doc 31-1    Filed 03/18/25    Page 32 of 44

applicable law) with: (i) a summary of the work performed during the relevant compensation

period; (ii) the name of, hourly rate (if applicable) of, and number of hours worked by each

professional and paraprofessional who worked on the matter during the relevant compensation

period; and (iii) the total fee amount being requested by electronic mail to the U.S. Trustee and

counsel to the Creditors’ Committee (if appointed) contemporaneously with the delivery of such

fee and expense statements to the Debtors. The Debtors shall promptly pay in full all such

invoiced fees and expenses at the conclusion of the Review Period (as defined below) other than

the Disputed Invoiced Fees (as defined below). Any objections raised by the Debtors, the U.S.

Trustee or the Creditors’ Committee, if any, with respect to such invoices (the “Disputed

Invoiced Fees”) must be in writing and state with particularity the grounds therefor and must be

submitted to the applicable professional within ten (10) days of the receipt of such invoice (the

“Review Period”) (to be followed by the filing with the Court, if necessary, of a motion or other

pleading, with at least ten (10) days’ prior written notice by the submitting party of any hearing

on such motion or other pleading).  Notwithstanding the foregoing, on or about the Closing Date,

the Debtors shall pay fees and expenses of the DIP Lender’s Professionals incurred prior to such

date, without the need to first deliver a copy of its invoice as provided for herein. No DIP

Lender’s Professionals shall be required to file an application seeking compensation for services

or reimbursement of expenses with this Court.

27.
Indemnification. The DIP Lender (and its affiliates and respective officers,

directors, employees, advisors, and agents, solely in such capacity) (each such person, an

“Indemnitee”) will have no liability for, and will be indemnified and held harmless by the

Debtors and their estates against, any losses, claims, damages, liabilities, or expenses incurred in

respect of the financing contemplated hereby or the use or the proposed use of proceeds thereof,

31

12117981v.1

=== page 33 ===
Case 25-10472-LSS    Doc 31-1    Filed 03/18/25    Page 33 of 44

except to the extent they are found by a final, non-appealable judgment of a court of competent

jurisdiction to arise from the gross negligence, bad faith, or willful misconduct of the relevant

indemnified person (or any of its affiliates or any of its or its respective officers, directors,

employees, advisors, or agents). Such indemnity shall not be available (a) to the extent arising

from a material breach of any obligation of such Indemnitee under the DIP Credit Agreement or

(b) to the extent arising out of any loss, claim, damage, liability, or expense that does not involve

an act or omission of the Debtors and that is brought by an Indemnitee against another

Indemnitee.

28.
Proofs of Claim. The DIP Lender and the Prepetition Secured Parties shall not

be required to file a proof of claim in the Chapter 11 Cases or Successor Case with respect to the

DIP Obligations and the obligations secured by the Prior Permitted Senior Liens on the

Prepetition Bond Collateral, respectively, and the entry of this Interim Order shall be deemed to

constitute a timely filed proof of claim. Any order entered by this Court in relation to the

establishment of a bar date for any claim (including without limitation, administrative claims) in

the Chapter 11 Cases or Successor Case shall not apply to the DIP Lender or the Prepetition

Secured Parties. Notwithstanding the foregoing, the DIP Lender and/or the Prepetition Secured

Parties may, in itstheir sole discretion, file (and amend or supplement) a proof of claim or

aggregate proofs of claim in the Chapter 11 Cases for any claim allowed herein.

29.
Limitations on Use of DIP Proceeds, the Carve Out, and Other Funds.

Except as otherwise permitted in this Interim Order and the Approved Budget, the DIP Facility,

the DIP Collateral, and the Carve Out may not be used, directly or indirectly, by any of the

Debtors, the Creditors’ Committee, if any, or any trustee or other estate representative appointed

in the Chapter 11 Cases (or any Successor Case) or any other person or entity (or to pay any

32

12117981v.1

=== page 34 ===
Case 25-10472-LSS    Doc 31-1    Filed 03/18/25    Page 34 of 44

professional fees, disbursements, costs or expenses incurred in connection therewith) in

connection with (a) preventing, hindering, or delaying any of the DIP Lender’s enforcement or

realization upon any of the DIP Collateral; (b) using or seeking to use proceeds of the DIP

Facility without the permission of the DIP Lender or selling or otherwise disposing of DIP

Collateral without the prior written consent of the DIP Lender or as permitted by the DIP Credit

Agreement; (c) using or seeking to use any insurance proceeds constituting DIP Collateral

without the prior written consent of the DIP Lender; (d) seeking to amend or modify any of the

rights granted to the DIP Lender under this Interim Order or the DIP Credit Agreement,

including seeking to use proceeds of the DIP Facility or DIP Collateral on a contested basis; (e)

litigating, objecting to, challenging, or contesting in any manner in any way the DIP Liens, DIP

Obligations, DIP Superpriority Claims, DIP Collateral, or any other claims held by or on behalf

of the DIP Lender; (f) litigating, objecting to, challenging, or contesting in any manner, or raising

any defenses to, the validity, extent, amount, perfection, priority, or enforceability of any of the

DIP Obligations, the DIP Liens, or any other liens or interests of the DIP Lender; (g) seeking to

subordinate, recharacterize, disallow, or avoid the DIP Obligations; or (h) any other prohibited or

otherwise restricted use of proceeds as set forth in the DIP Credit Agreement in each case, as

applicable, subject in all respects to the Prior Permitted Senior Liens and the rights of the

Prepetition Secured Parties with respect to all Prepetition Bond Collateral; provided, however,

that, upon an Event of Default or DIP Termination Event, nothing herein shall limit the Debtors’

right to move for an order of the Court authorizing the use of proceeds of the DIP Facility absent

the DIP Lender’s consent, subject in all respects to the Prior Permitted Senior Liens and the

rights of the Prepetition Secured Parties with respect to all Prepetition Bond Collateral..

33

12117981v.1

=== page 35 ===
Case 25-10472-LSS    Doc 31-1    Filed 03/18/25    Page 35 of 44

30.
Releases. Upon entry of this Interim Order, the Debtors, on their own behalf and

on behalf of their estates, forever and irrevocably: (a) release, discharge, and acquit the DIP

Lender and each of its respective former or current officers, employees, directors, agents,

representatives, owners, members, partners, financial advisors, legal advisors, shareholders,

managers, consultants, accountants, attorneys, affiliates, and predecessors in interest, in each

case solely in their capacity as such, from any and all claims, demands, liabilities,

responsibilities, disputes, remedies, causes of action, indebtedness, and obligations of every type,

including, without limitation, any so-called “lender liability” or equitable subordination claims or

defenses, solely with respect to or relating to the negotiation of and entry into the DIP Credit

Agreement and the other DIP Documents; and (b) waive, discharge, and release any and all

defenses (including, without limitation, offsets and counterclaims of any nature or kind) as to the

validity, perfection, priority, enforceability, and avoidability of the DIP Liens and the DIP

Obligations.

31.
Waivers.

a.
Limitation on Charging on Expenses. Subject to entry of the Final Order that

so provides, no costs or expenses of administering the Chapter 11 Cases or any

Successor Case shall be charged against or recovered from or against the DIP

Lender with respect to the DIP Collateral pursuant to section 105 or section

506(c) of the Bankruptcy Code or otherwise, without the prior written consent of

the DIP Lender.

b. No Marshaling. Subject to entry of the Final Order that so provides, in no event

shall the DIP Lender be subject to the equitable doctrine of “marshaling” or any

similar doctrine with respect to the DIP Collateral or the DIP Obligations and all

34

12117981v.1

=== page 36 ===
Case 25-10472-LSS    Doc 31-1    Filed 03/18/25    Page 36 of 44

proceeds shall be received and applied in accordance with this Interim Order and

the DIP Credit Agreement.

32.
No Lender Liability. In determining to make any loan (whether under the DIP

Credit Agreement or otherwise), the DIP Lender shall not owe any fiduciary duty to the Debtors

or their respective creditors, shareholders, or estate, and the DIP Lender shall not be deemed to

be in control of the operations of the Debtors or to be acting as a “responsible person” or “owner

or operator” with respect to the operation or management of the Debtors by virtue of making the

DIP Loans. Furthermore, nothing in this Interim Order shall impose or allow the imposition

upon the DIP Lender of any liability for any claims arising from the prepetition or postpetition

activities of any of the Debtors and their affiliates, if any (as defined in section 101(2) of the

Bankruptcy Code).

33.
Limitation of Liability. Nothing in this Interim Order, the DIP Credit

Agreement, the Prepetition Credit Documents, or any other documents related to these

transactions shall in any way be construed or interpreted to impose or allow the imposition upon

the DIP Lender of (a) any liability for any claims arising from the prepetition or postpetition

activities of the Debtors in the operation of their business, or in connection with their

restructuring efforts or (b) any fiduciary duties to the Debtors, their respective creditors,

shareholders, or estates. The DIP Lender shall not, in any way or manner, be liable or

responsible for (i) the safekeeping of the DIP Collateral, (ii) any loss or damage thereto

occurring or arising in any manner or fashion from any cause, (iii) any diminution in value

thereof, or (iv) any act or default of any carrier, servicer, bailee, custodian, forwarding agency,

or other person and all risk of loss, damage, or destruction of the DIP Collateral shall be borne

by the Debtors.

35

12117981v.1

=== page 37 ===
Case 25-10472-LSS    Doc 31-1    Filed 03/18/25    Page 37 of 44

34.
No Third-Party Beneficiaries. Except as explicitly provided for herein, this

Interim Order does not create any rights for the benefit of any Professional Person, third party,

creditor, landlord, lessor, equity holder, or any direct, indirect, or incidental beneficiary.

35.
Insurance Proceeds and Policies.  The DIP Lender shall be, and shall be deemed

to be, without any further action or notice, named as an additional insured and loss payee on each

insurance policy maintained by the Debtors that in any way relates to the DIP Collateral.

36.
No Waivers or Modifications of Interim Order. The Debtors have agreed not

to and shall not seek any modification or extension of this Interim Order without the prior written

consent of the DIP Lender and no such consent shall be implied by any other action, inaction, or

acquiescence of the DIP Lender.

37.
Binding Effect of this Interim Order. Immediately upon entry of this Interim

Order by this Court, the terms and provisions of this Interim Order shall become valid and

binding upon and inure to the benefit of the Debtors, the DIP Lender, the Prepetition Secured

Parties, all other creditors of any of the Debtors, the Creditors’ Committee, if any, and all other

parties in interest and their respective successors and assigns, including any trustee or other

fiduciary hereafter appointed in the Chapter 11 Cases, any Successor Case, or upon dismissal of

any of the Chapter 11 Cases or any Successor Case; provided that the DIP Lender shall not have

any obligation to permit the use of DIP Collateral by or extend any financing to any Chapter 7

trustee, Chapter 11 trustee, or similar responsible person appointed for the Debtors’ estates in

each case, as applicable, subject in all respects to the Prior Permitted Senior Liens and the rights

of the Prepetition Secured Parties with respect to all Prepetition Bond Collateral.

38.
Discharge. Except as otherwise agreed in writing by the DIP Lender, the DIP

Obligations shall not be discharged by the entry of an order confirming any plan of

36

12117981v.1

=== page 38 ===
Case 25-10472-LSS    Doc 31-1    Filed 03/18/25    Page 38 of 44

reorganization or liquidation in any of the Chapter 11 Cases, notwithstanding the provisions of

section 1141(d) of the Bankruptcy Code, unless the DIP Obligations have been indefeasibly paid

in full in cash, on or before the effective date of such confirmed plan.

39.
Survival. The provisions of this Interim Order and any actions taken pursuant

hereto shall survive entry of any order which may be entered: (a) confirming any Chapter 11 plan

in any of the Chapter 11 Cases; (b) converting any of the Chapter 11 Cases to a case under

Chapter 7 of the Bankruptcy Code; (c) dismissing any of the Chapter 11 Cases or any Successor

Case; or (d) pursuant to which this Court abstains from hearing the Chapter 11 Cases or

Successor Case. The terms and provisions of this Interim Order, including the claims, liens,

security interests, and other protections granted to the DIP Lender pursuant to this Interim Order

and the DIP Credit Agreement, and the adequate protection provided to the Prepetition Secured

Parties pursuant to this Interim Order, shall continue in the Chapter 11 Cases, in any Successor

Case, or following dismissal of any of the Chapter 11 Cases or any Successor Case, and shall

maintain their priority as provided by this Interim Order until, in respect of the DIP Facility, all

the DIP Obligations, pursuant to the DIP Credit Agreement and this Interim Order, have been

paid in full (such payment being without prejudice to any terms or provisions contained in the

DIP Facility which survive such discharge by their terms). The terms and provisions concerning

the indemnification of the DIP Lender shall continue in the Chapter 11 Cases, in any Successor

Case, following dismissal of any of the Chapter 11 Cases or any Successor Case, following

termination of the DIP Facility or the indefeasible repayment of the DIP Obligations.

40.
Necessary Actions. The Debtors are authorized and directed to take such actions

as are reasonable or appropriate to implement the terms of this Interim Order and the DIP Credit

Agreement.

37

12117981v.1

=== page 39 ===
Case 25-10472-LSS    Doc 31-1    Filed 03/18/25    Page 39 of 44

41.
Enforceability. This Interim Order shall take effect and be enforceable

immediately upon entry thereof. Notwithstanding Bankruptcy Rules 4001(a)(4), or 6004(h) or

any applicable Local Rule, this Interim Order shall be immediately effective and enforceable

upon its entry and there shall be no stay of execution or effectiveness of this Interim Order.

42.
Interim Order Controls. In the event of any conflict between or among the

terms or provisions of this Interim Order and the DIP Credit Agreement, the terms and

provisions of this Interim Order shall govern and control.

43.
Headings. All paragraph headings used in this Interim Order are for ease of

reference only and shall not affect the construction or interpretation hereof.

44.
Retention of Jurisdiction. This Court retains jurisdiction with respect to all

matters arising from or related to the implementation, interpretation, and enforcement of the DIP

Credit Agreement or this Interim Order.

45.
Final Hearing. The final hearing (the “Final Hearing”) on the Motion shall be

held on April __, 2025 at __:__ a/p.m. (prevailing Eastern Time) before the Court.

46.
Objections. Any party in interest objecting to the relief sought at the Final

Hearing shall file and serve written objections, which objections shall be served upon (i)

proposed counsel to the Debtors, Potter Anderson & Corroon LLP, 1313 North Market Street,

6th Floor, Wilmington, Delaware 19801 (Attn: Jeremy W. Ryan (jryan@potteranderson.com), R.

Stephen 
McNeill 
(rmcneill@potteranderson.com), 
and 
Katelin 
A. 
Morales

(kmorales@potteranderson.com)); (ii) Office of the United States Trustee for the District of

Delaware, J. Caleb Boggs Federal Building, 844 King Street, Suite 2207, Lockbox 35,

Wilmington, DE 19801 (Attn: Benjamin A. Hackman (benjamin.a.hackman@usdoj.gov)); (iii)

counsel to the DIP Lender, Kilpatrick Townsend & Stockton LLP, 1100 Peachtree Street NE,

38

12117981v.1

=== page 40 ===
Case 25-10472-LSS    Doc 31-1    Filed 03/18/25    Page 40 of 44

Suite 2800, Atlanta, Georgia 30309 (Attn: Paul M. Rosenblatt (prosenblatt@ktslaw.com)); (iv)

counsel to the Indenture Trustee, ArentFox Schiff LLP, 1301 Avenue of the Americas, 42nd

Floor, New York, New York 10019 (Attn: Mark A. Angelov (mark.angelov@afslaw.com)); and

(v) if any statutory committee has been appointed in these cases, counsel to such committee by

March __, 2025 at 4:00 p.m. (Prevailing Eastern Time). In the event no objections to entry of a

final order on the Motion are timely received, this Court may enter such final order without need

for the Final Hearing.

47.
The requirements set forth in Bankruptcy Rule 6003(b) are satisfied. Notice of

the Motion as provided therein shall be deemed good and sufficient notice of such Motion under

the circumstances, and the requirements of Bankruptcy Rule 6004(a) and the Local Rules are

satisfied by such notice.

48.
Notwithstanding the applicability of Bankruptcy Rule 6004(h), the terms and

conditions of this Interim Order shall be immediately effective and enforceable upon its entry.

49.
All time periods set forth in this Interim Order shall be calculated in accordance

with Bankruptcy Rule 9006(a).

39

12117981v.1

=== page 41 ===
Case 25-10472-LSS    Doc 31-1    Filed 03/18/25    Page 41 of 44

Prepetition Secured Lenders’ Draft

Exhibit A

Relative Priorities

Bridge Loan Collateral

Unencumbered Collateral

Prepetition Bond Collateral

Carve Out

Prior Permitted Senior Liens

Carve Out

DIP Liens

Carve Out
DIP Liens

Adequate Protection Liens

DIP Liens

Adequate Protection Liens

Bridge Loan Liens

Bridge Loan Liens

Bridge Loan Liens

12117981v.1

=== page 42 ===
Case 25-10472-LSS    Doc 31-1    Filed 03/18/25    Page 42 of 44

Prepetition Secured Lenders’ Draft

Exhibit 1

DIP Credit Agreement

12117981v.1

=== page 43 ===
Case 25-10472-LSS    Doc 31-1    Filed 03/18/25    Page 43 of 44

Prepetition Secured Lenders’ Draft

Exhibit 2

Initial DIP Budget

12117981v.1

=== page 44 ===
Case 25-10472-LSS    Doc 31-1    Filed 03/18/25    Page 44 of 44

Summary report:
Litera Compare for Word 11.7.0.54 Document comparison done on

3/18/2025 10:25:29 PM

Style name: Standard

Intelligent Table Comparison: Active

Original filename:
C:\Users\brittoje\AppData\Local\Litera\Temp\3153252956\Brightmark - Interim
DIP Order [AS FILED].docx

Modified filename: C:\Users\brittoje\OneDrive - ArentFox Schiff
LLP\Desktop\Brightmark - Interim DIP Order AFS COMMENTS.docx

Changes:

Add

45

Delete

17

Move From

0

Move To

0
Table Insert

0
Table Delete
0

Table moves to

0

Table moves from
0

Embedded Graphics (Visio, ChemDraw, Images etc.)

0

Embedded Excel
0

Format changes

0
Total Changes:

62

