=== page 1 ===
Case 26-20189-MBK    Doc 23    Filed 09/08/26    Entered 09/08/26 23:31:25    Desc Main

Document      Page 1 of 18

COLE SCHOTZ P.C.
Michael D. Sirota, Esq.
Warren A. Usatine, Esq.
Seth Van Aalten, Esq. (pro hac vice pending)
Anthony De Leo, Esq.
Matteo Percontino, Esq.
Court Plaza North, 25 Main Street
Hackensack, New Jersey 07601
Telephone: (201) 489-3000
msirota@coleschotz.com
wusatine@coleschotz.com
svanaalten@coleschotz.com
adeleo@coleschotz.com
mpercontino@coleschotz.com

GIBSON, DUNN & CRUTCHER LLP
Scott J. Greenberg (pro hac vice pending)
Matthew J. Williams (pro hac vice pending)
Keith R. Martorana (pro hac vice pending)
Robert E. Fitzgerald (pro hac vice pending)
Tommy Scheffer (pro hac vice pending)
200 Park Avenue
New York, NY 10166
Telephone: (212) 351-4000
Facsimile: (212) 351-4035
sgreenberg@gibsondunn.com
mjwilliams@gibsondunn.com
kmartorana@gibsondunn.com
rfitzgerald@gibsondunn.com
tscheffer@gibsondunn.com

Proposed Co-Counsel to the Debtors and
Debtors in Possession

Proposed Co-Counsel to the Debtors and
Debtors in Possession

UNITED STATES BANKRUPTCY COURT

DISTRICT OF NEW JERSEY

Chapter 11

In re:

LIV GOLF NEW JERSEY LLC, et al.,

Case No. 26-20189 (MBK)

Debtors.1

(Joint Administration Requested)

DECLARATION OF BRADLEY A. ROBINS IN SUPPORT OF
DEBTORS’ MOTION FOR ENTRY OF INTERIM AND FINAL ORDERS

(A) AUTHORIZING THE DEBTORS TO (I) USE CASH COLLATERAL,

(II) OBTAIN SENIOR SECURED SUPERPRIORITY POSTPETITION
FINANCING AND GRANTING SENIOR LIENS AND SUPERPRIORITY
ADMINISTRATIVE CLAIMS, AND (III) PROVIDE ADEQUATE PROTECTION,

(B) SCHEDULING FINAL HEARING, AND (C) GRANTING RELATED RELIEF

I, Bradley A. Robins, hereby declare under penalty of perjury as follows:

1 
The last four digits of Debtor LIV Golf New Jersey LLC’s tax identification number are 5081.  A complete list of 
each of the Debtors in these chapter 11 cases may be obtained on the website of the Debtors’ proposed claims and 
noticing agent at https://omniagentsolutions.com/livgolf.  The location of the Debtors’ service address in these 
chapter 11 cases is: 50 Hudson Yards, Suite 65B, New York, NY 10001.

1

=== page 2 ===
Case 26-20189-MBK    Doc 23    Filed 09/08/26    Entered 09/08/26 23:31:25    Desc Main

Document      Page 2 of 18

1.
I am a Partner at Ducera Partners LLC (together with its affiliates, including, where

appropriate, Ducera Securities LLC, collectively, “Ducera”), an independent investment banking

firm with offices located at 11 Times Square, 36th Floor, New York, New York 10036.  Ducera is

the proposed investment banker to the above-captioned debtors and debtors in possession

(collectively, the “Debtors”) in these chapter 11 cases.2

2.
I submit this declaration (this “Declaration”) in support of the relief requested in

the Debtors’ Motion for Entry of Interim and Final Orders (A) Authorizing the Debtors to (I) Use

Cash Collateral, (II) Obtain Senior Secured Superpriority Postpetition Financing and Granting

Senior Liens and Superpriority Administrative Claims, and (III) Provide Adequate Protection, (B)

Scheduling Final Hearing, and (C) Granting Related Relief (the “Motion”),3 filed

contemporaneously herewith.

3.
I am not being compensated specifically for this Declaration or related testimony,

other than through payments received by Ducera as a professional proposed to be retained by the

Debtors, subject to approval by the Court.4  Except as otherwise indicated herein, all statements

set forth in this Declaration are based upon:  (a) my personal knowledge of the Debtors’ operations,

finances, and restructuring initiatives; (b) my review of relevant documents, including the DIP

Loan Documents and the DIP Budget; (c) information provided to me by the Debtors’ management

team, the Debtors’ independent directors (the “Independent Directors”), or the Debtors’ other

2 
The Debtors anticipate filing shortly hereafter an application to retain Ducera as their investment banker, effective 
as of the Petition Date (the “Ducera Retention Application”).

3 
Capitalized terms used but not otherwise defined in this Declaration have the meanings ascribed to them in the 
Motion, the Interim Order (as defined in the Motion), or the Declaration of David Orlofsky, Chief Restructuring 
Officer of the Debtors, in Support of the Debtors’ Chapter 11 Petitions and First Day Motions (the “First Day 
Declaration”), as applicable.  The Motion and the First Day Declaration are filed contemporaneously herewith.  A 
detailed description of the Debtors and their business, including the facts and circumstances giving rise to the 
Debtors’ chapter 11 cases, is set forth in the First Day Declaration.

4 
In accordance with the Engagement Letter (as defined below), and subject to approval by the Court, Ducera will 
be entitled to receive certain fees in connection with the transactions described herein.

2

=== page 3 ===
Case 26-20189-MBK    Doc 23    Filed 09/08/26    Entered 09/08/26 23:31:25    Desc Main

Document      Page 3 of 18

advisors, including AP Services, LLC, an affiliate of AlixPartners, LLP, providing interim

management services to the Debtors (“AlixPartners”); (d) information provided to me by the

employees of Ducera working directly with me or under my supervision; or (e) my experience as

a restructuring and corporate finance professional.  If called to testify, I could and would testify

competently to the statements set forth herein.  I am over the age of eighteen (18) and am

authorized to submit this Declaration on behalf of the Debtors.

Professional Background and Qualifications

4.
Ducera is an independent investment bank with expertise in a range of corporate

finance advisory services, including restructuring services.  Ducera’s professionals, with roots in

complex corporate finance, offer impartial and independent strategic advice to stakeholders in a

broad range of industries and situations, and specialize in, among other things, providing clients

with capital structure and restructuring advice and services in workout and bankruptcy situations,

including the solicitation, negotiation, and arrangement of postpetition financing.  Founded in

2015, Ducera has served as investment banker to debtors, creditor groups, asset purchasers,

committees, boards of directors, and trustees in a number of recent in-court restructurings,

including:  (a) In re DISH DBS Corporation, DISH Wireless L.L.C., et al., No. 26-90627 (CML)

(Bankr. S.D. Tex.); (b) In re Wolfspeed, Inc., et al., No. 25-90163 (CML) (Bankr. S.D. Tex.); (c)

In re Franchise Group, Inc., et al., No. 24-12480 (LSS) (Bankr. D. Del.); (d) In re Casa Systems,

Inc., No. 24-10695 (KBO) (Bankr. D. Del.); (e) In re Yellow Corporation, et al., No. 23-11069

(CTG) (Bankr. D. Del.); (f) In re Diebold Holding Co., LLC, No. 23-90602 (DRJ) (Bankr. S.D.

Tex.); (g) In re Virgin Orbit Holdings, Inc., No. 23-10405 (KBO) (Bankr. D. Del.); (h) In re

Diamond Sports Group, LLC, No. 23-90116 (CML) (Bankr. S.D. Tex.); (i) In re Core Scientific,

Inc., No. 22-90341 (DRJ) (Bankr. S.D. Tex.); (j) In re Endo Int’l plc, No. 22-22549 (JLG) (Bankr.

3

=== page 4 ===
Case 26-20189-MBK    Doc 23    Filed 09/08/26    Entered 09/08/26 23:31:25    Desc Main

Document      Page 4 of 18

S.D.N.Y.); (k) In re GBG USA Inc., No. 21-11369 (MEW) (Bankr. S.D.N.Y.); (l) In re

Mallinckrodt plc, No. 20-12522 (JTD) (Bankr. D. Del.); (m) In re Superior Energy Servs., Inc.,

No. 20-35812 (DRJ) (Bankr. S.D. Tex.); and (n) In re iHeartMedia, Inc., No. 18-31274 (MI)

(Bankr. S.D. Tex.).  Ducera Securities LLC, an affiliate of Ducera Partners LLC, is a broker-dealer

registered with the United States Securities and Exchange Commission and a member of the

Financial Industry Regulatory Authority.

5.
I am a Partner at Ducera and have more than thirty (30) years of experience advising

companies, boards of directors, creditors, and other stakeholders in connection with restructuring,

financing, merger, and other complex corporate finance transactions across a broad range of

industry sectors. Select restructuring advisory engagements on which I have worked include:

Adelphia Communications, American Airlines, BearingPoint, Chrysler, Delphi, Diebold Nixdorf,

Energy Future Holdings Corporation, iHeartMedia, and Refco.  Prior to joining Ducera in 2016, I

spent approximately fifteen (15) years at Greenhill & Co., LLC, where I was a Partner and Co-

Head of Financing Advisory and Restructuring for North America.  Before Greenhill, I was a

member of the restructuring group at Houlihan Lokey Howard & Zukin, and I began my career as

an attorney at Wachtell, Lipton, Rosen & Katz.  I received a Bachelor of Arts from Middlebury

College and a Juris Doctor from the University of Pennsylvania’s Carey Law School.

The Debtors’ Retention of Ducera

6.
In May 2026, shortly after the April 30, 2026 announcement by The Public

Investment Fund of the Kingdom of Saudi Arabia (“PIF”), the Debtors’ ultimate equity owner,

that it would not fund the Debtors’ operations beyond the 2026 season, the Debtors engaged

Ducera as their investment banker pursuant to an engagement letter dated as of May 3, 2026 (the

“Engagement Letter”).  See First Day Declaration ¶ 9.  Since that time, I have led the Ducera team

4

=== page 5 ===
Case 26-20189-MBK    Doc 23    Filed 09/08/26    Entered 09/08/26 23:31:25    Desc Main

Document      Page 5 of 18

that has worked closely with the Debtors’ management team, the Independent Directors and the

Strategic Initiative Committee (the “SIC”) of LIV Golf Holdings, Ltd (“Holdings”), whose sole

members are the Independent Directors, and the Debtors’ other advisors to evaluate and pursue the

Debtors’ strategic, financing, and restructuring alternatives.  Ducera’s work has included, among

other things:  (a) analyzing the Debtors’ liquidity and projected cash flows; (b) understanding the

Debtors’ business, operations, and finances; (c) reviewing and analyzing the Debtors’ capital

structure and financing alternatives; (d) preparing a confidential information memorandum and

conducting a broad marketing process for an investment in, or acquisition of, the Debtors’ business

(the “Strategic Marketing Process”); (e) soliciting, negotiating, and analyzing proposals for

postpetition financing, including conducting a marketing process for postpetition financing from

third-party financing sources (the “DIP Marketing Process”); (f) participating in negotiations with

PIF regarding postpetition financing and the consensual use of Cash Collateral; (g) providing

strategic advice to the Debtors’ management team and governing bodies, including the SIC; and

(h) assisting the Debtors in connection with preparations for the commencement of these chapter

11 cases.  As a result of this work, and my engagement with the Debtors’ other restructuring

professionals, I am familiar with the Debtors’ capital structure, business operations, and current

liquidity needs, as well as the terms of the proposed DIP Facility.

The Debtors’ Prepetition Capital Structure and Liquidity Position

7.
As described in greater detail in the First Day Declaration and the Motion, since

the Debtors’ inception in 2021, entities controlled by PIF have invested approximately $5 billion

in equity capital in the Debtors.  Historically, the Debtors funded their operations solely through

equity infusions from PIF and were not subject to any funded debt obligations.  On April 30, 2026,

PIF announced that it would not provide the long-term investment capital necessary to see the

5

=== page 6 ===
Case 26-20189-MBK    Doc 23    Filed 09/08/26    Entered 09/08/26 23:31:25    Desc Main

Document      Page 6 of 18

League through to profitability and would fund only the remainder of the 2026 season.  See First

Day Declaration ¶¶ 43–44.

8.
On June 4, 2026, Holdings, as borrower, LIV Golf Investments Ltd (“Parent”) and

certain other Debtors, as guarantors, and PIF, as lender, entered into the Prepetition Facility

Agreement, pursuant to which PIF made the Prepetition Facility available to fund the remainder

of the 2026 season and to afford the Debtors the time and means to pursue strategic alternatives.

The Prepetition Obligations are secured by first priority liens on substantially all of the Prepetition

Obligors’ assets and property, including the equity interests in LIV Golf Incorporated (the “DIP

Borrower”), subject only to Senior Third Party Permitted Liens, if any.  As of the Petition Date,

approximately $495 million (plus unpaid interest) was outstanding under the Prepetition Facility,

and PIF is the Debtors’ only prepetition secured lender.  See First Day Declaration ¶ 39; Motion

¶¶ 15, 18.  Accordingly, the Debtors have limited unencumbered assets available to secure

postpetition financing.

9.
As of the Petition Date, the Debtors had approximately $15 million in cash on hand,

substantially all of which constitutes Cash Collateral.  Based on my review of the cash flow

forecasts prepared by the Debtors’ management team with the assistance of AlixPartners, including

the initial thirteen (13) week DIP Budget attached to the Interim Order as Exhibit 2, I do not

believe the Debtors can fund their operations or the costs of administering these chapter 11 cases

solely with the use of existing Cash Collateral.  Absent approval of the DIP Facility and the

consensual use of Cash Collateral, including on an interim basis, my understanding is that the

Debtors would be unable to fund payments to foreign vendors, utilities, and insurers, employee

wages and benefits, and the administrative costs of these chapter 11 cases, which would

significantly impair the value of the Debtors’ estates and would likely result in a value-destructive

6

=== page 7 ===
Case 26-20189-MBK    Doc 23    Filed 09/08/26    Entered 09/08/26 23:31:25    Desc Main

Document      Page 7 of 18

freefall liquidation, foreclosing both the going-concern transaction contemplated by the Lead Bid

(as defined below) and an orderly wind-down of the Debtors’ estates.

10.
Prior to the Petition Date, the Debtors, with the assistance of AlixPartners and in

consultation with Ducera, analyzed their cash needs and prepared projections of their postpetition

liquidity requirements for the initial thirteen (13) weeks of these chapter 11 cases, resulting in the

initial DIP Budget.  In developing the DIP Budget, the Debtors accounted for anticipated operating

receipts and disbursements during the projection period and considered several cost factors,

including restructuring costs (including professional fees) and employee, utility, insurer, and

foreign vendor obligations. My understanding, based on discussions with the Debtors’

management team and AlixPartners, is that the DIP Budget reflects the Debtors’ anticipated

funding requirements over the projection period, which are described in greater detail in the First

Day Declaration.  See First Day Declaration ¶¶ 11–12.  Based on these analyses, the Debtors

determined that they would require up to $49.6 million in new money postpetition financing to

fund these chapter 11 cases and pursue consummation of the Approved Plan (as defined in the DIP

Credit Agreement), of which up to $14 million is required prior to entry of the Final Order.    See

Motion ¶ 5.

The Debtors’ Efforts to Obtain Financing

I. 
The Strategic Marketing Process.

11.
Beginning in May 2026, Ducera launched a broad marketing process to identify an

investor or investors willing to fund a new iteration of the Debtors’ business under a new and more

efficient operating model (“LIV 2.0”), or otherwise to acquire or invest in the Debtors’ business.

Ducera prepared a confidential information memorandum and contacted more than 300 potential

investors.  Approximately 100 potential investors executed non-disclosure agreements and were

7

=== page 8 ===
Case 26-20189-MBK    Doc 23    Filed 09/08/26    Entered 09/08/26 23:31:25    Desc Main

Document      Page 8 of 18

granted access to a virtual data room, and approximately 30 of those parties engaged in detailed

diligence.  Ducera and the Debtors ultimately identified five leading prospects (in addition to

potential minority investors), each of which was asked to submit a final non-binding bid by July

22, 2026 (the “Bid Deadline”).  On the Bid Deadline, the Debtors received two non-binding term

sheets.  Following continued engagement with both potential investors, the Debtors, in

consultation with Ducera, determined that one bid represented the best and most viable proposal

(the “Lead Bid,” and the investor thereunder, BC Partners Advisors L.P. (“BC Partners” or the

“Lead Investor”)).  The Lead Bid contemplates, among other things, a $300 million investment

(half of which is anticipated to be funded by the Lead Investor) on the emergence date to fund the

ongoing operations of the Debtors’ business under a new operating model.  The Lead Bid is

contingent upon, among other things, the consummation of a chapter 11 plan.  See First Day

Declaration ¶¶ 59–61.

12.
The Strategic Marketing Process informed the Debtors’ postpetition financing

efforts in two respects.  First, the process provided the Debtors and Ducera with a comprehensive

view of the universe of parties with an interest in the Debtors’ business and the terms on which

such parties were prepared to commit capital.  None of the parties that participated in the Strategic

Marketing Process, other than the Lead Investor, offered to provide postpetition financing to the

Debtors, and the Lead Investor’s supplemental postpetition financing commitment under the BC

Partners RSA (as defined in the Motion) is directed to start-up costs of the LIV 2.0 transaction

rather than to funding the Debtors’ operations and the administration of these chapter 11 cases.

Second, because the Lead Bid is contingent upon the consummation of a chapter 11 plan, the

Debtors required postpetition financing sufficient to fund their operations and the administration

of these chapter 11 cases through the negotiation of definitive documentation with the Lead

8

=== page 9 ===
Case 26-20189-MBK    Doc 23    Filed 09/08/26    Entered 09/08/26 23:31:25    Desc Main

Document      Page 9 of 18

Investor and confirmation of a chapter 11 plan implementing the LIV 2.0 transaction or, if that

transaction cannot be consummated within the timeline afforded by the DIP Facility, an orderly

wind-down of the Debtors’ estates.

II. 
The DIP Marketing Process.

13.
In parallel with the Debtors’ negotiations with PIF regarding postpetition financing,

in August 2026, Ducera commenced the DIP Marketing Process to solicit proposals for

postpetition financing from third-party financing sources.  Ducera contacted twelve (12) third-

party financial institutions that Ducera deemed to be sophisticated, experienced in providing

debtor-in-possession financing in complex distressed situations, and capable of providing

financing in the timeframe and amount required by the Debtors.  Of the twelve (12) parties

contacted by Ducera to solicit indicative terms, four (4) were already parties to non-disclosure

agreements entered into in connection with the Strategic Marketing Process. Ducera provided each

of the twelve (12) parties with a public teaser summarizing the opportunity and requested

indicative terms by September 3, 2026. For the remaining eight (8) parties, execution of a non-

disclosure agreement and access to additional diligence materials would follow the submission of

indicative terms.

14.
Each of the twelve (12) parties contacted declined to pursue a postpetition financing

transaction with the Debtors, and no party submitted a proposal to provide postpetition financing

on any basis.  Based on the feedback received by Ducera, the parties that declined cited as their

primary concerns (a) the junior structure of any third-party postpetition financing relative to PIF’s

position as the Debtors’ sole prepetition secured lender and (b) insufficient collateral value to

support such a financing.  As of the Petition Date, no further discussions with third-party financing

9

=== page 10 ===
Case 26-20189-MBK    Doc 23    Filed 09/08/26    Entered 09/08/26 23:31:25    Desc Main

Document      Page 10 of 18

sources are scheduled, and, in my view, no actionable third-party postpetition financing alternative

is available to the Debtors.

15.
Based on the results of the DIP Marketing Process, my experience, and current

market conditions, I believe that the Debtors are unable to obtain postpetition financing on an

unsecured basis, on a basis junior to the Prepetition Liens, or on any other basis on terms more

favorable than those provided under the DIP Loan Documents, and that the Debtors are unable to

obtain postpetition financing without granting the DIP Liens and the DIP Superpriority Claims to

the DIP Lender and providing the adequate protection set forth in the Interim Order.  No third-

party expressed interest in postpetition financing even with a priming lien on substantially all of

the Debtors’ assets due to the perceived lack of collateral value to support the required amount of

DIP financing.

III. 
Negotiations with PIF.

16.
In parallel with the DIP Marketing Process, the Debtors, with the assistance of

Ducera and their other advisors, negotiated with PIF regarding the terms on which PIF would

provide postpetition financing and consent to the Debtors’ use of Cash Collateral.  Because PIF is

the Debtors’ ultimate majority equity owner as well as their sole prepetition secured lender, the

Debtors’ evaluation of, and negotiations regarding, postpetition financing were conducted under

the oversight and exclusive authority of the SIC, advised by counsel.  PIF was separately

represented by its own counsel, White & Case LLP, and its own financial advisor, FTI Consulting.

Throughout the process, the SIC has met twice weekly (or more frequently as needed) with the

Debtors’ advisors, including Ducera, to consider transactional options and stakeholder feedback.

Multiple iterations of the term sheet for the DIP Facility (the “DIP Term Sheet”) and the definitive

DIP Loan Documents were exchanged and negotiated at arm’s length over the course of several

10

=== page 11 ===
Case 26-20189-MBK    Doc 23    Filed 09/08/26    Entered 09/08/26 23:31:25    Desc Main

Document      Page 11 of 18

weeks.  See First Day Declaration ¶¶ 45–48; Motion ¶¶ 33–35.  As a result of these negotiations,

the Debtors obtained material improvements to the terms of the DIP Facility relative to the terms

initially proposed by PIF, and after such thorough process, the SIC authorized the Debtors’ entry

into the DIP Facility.  See First Day Declaration ¶¶ 45–48.

The Terms of the Proposed DIP Facility

17.
Following these negotiations, in the lead-up to the Petition Date, the Debtors and

PIF reached agreement on the terms of the DIP Facility and the consensual use of Cash Collateral,

as set forth in the DIP Loan Documents and the Interim Order.  The principal economic and

structural terms of the DIP Facility, which are summarized in greater detail in the Motion,5 include

the following:

(a) 
Facility and Commitments:  a senior secured superpriority priming term loan credit 
facility provided by PIF, as DIP Lender, in an aggregate principal amount of new 
money DIP Term Loans not to exceed $49,600,000, consisting of (i) the Interim 
DIP Term Loan, in an aggregate principal amount not to exceed $14,000,000, 
available in a single draw upon entry of the Interim Order, and (ii) the Delayed 
Draw Term Loan, in an aggregate principal amount not to exceed $49,600,000 (less 
the aggregate principal amount of the Interim DIP Term Loan), available in a single 
draw following entry of the Final Order, and in no event later than thirty-five (35) 
days after the Petition Date and the satisfaction (or waiver) of the applicable 
conditions precedent.  See DIP Credit Agreement § 2.

(b) 
Roll-Up:  upon entry of the Interim Order and the Final Order, respectively, 
Prepetition Obligations in an aggregate principal amount equal, on a dollar-for-
dollar basis, to the aggregate amount of the Interim DIP Term Loan and the Delayed 
Draw Term Loan, respectively, will be automatically deemed exchanged on a 
cashless basis into DIP Roll-Up Loans.  See Interim Order ¶ 2(b); DIP Credit 
Agreement § 2.5.

(c) 
Draw Mechanics:  all proceeds of the DIP Term Loans will be funded into the DIP 
Facility Blocked Account and may be disbursed no more than once each week, on 
Monday, upon Disbursement Requests delivered on the Wednesday of the prior 
week (at the direction of the DIP Lender, email being sufficient) and made in 
accordance with the Approved Budget, and only to the extent the Debtors’

5 
The summary of the DIP Facility set forth herein is qualified in its entirety by the provisions of the DIP Loan 
Documents and the Interim Order.  To the extent anything in this Declaration is inconsistent with such documents, 
the terms of the applicable documents shall control.

11

=== page 12 ===
Case 26-20189-MBK    Doc 23    Filed 09/08/26    Entered 09/08/26 23:31:25    Desc Main

Document      Page 12 of 18

aggregate unrestricted cash (less any forecast collections) is projected to be less 
than the Minimum Cash of $5,000,000 during the applicable week, and the 
aggregate amount of DIP Term Loans borrowed pursuant to Disbursement 
Requests may not exceed the DIP Term Loan Facility Amount less the sum of (i) 
the actual amount of receivables received by the DIP Loan Parties between 
September 4, 2026 and the Petition Date and (ii) the lesser of (A) $27,300,000 (the 
“Threshold Amount”) and (B) the actual amount of receivables received by the DIP 
Loan Parties after the Petition Date.  See DIP Credit Agreement § 4, 5, 36.4; Interim 
Order ¶ 5, 7.

(d) 
Interest Rate:  a fixed rate of 12.0% per annum, paid in kind; following the 
occurrence and during the continuance of an Event of Default, an additional 2.0% 
per annum, payable on demand.  See DIP Credit Agreement § 8.

(e) 
Fees:  none.  The DIP Facility does not contemplate any upfront, commitment, 
backstop, exit, or similar fees.  The Debtors will pay the reasonable and 
documented fees, costs, and expenses of the DIP Lender and its advisors (including 
White & Case LLP and FTI Consulting).  Amounts indicated in the Approved 
Budget for the fees and expenses of the DIP Lender’s and the Prepetition Lender’s 
professionals are to be deposited into a blocked account under the DIP Lender’s 
control (the “Lender Reserve Account”), available solely to pay such fees and 
expenses.  See DIP Credit Agreement § 14, 36.2; Interim Order ¶ 7.

(f) 
Maturity:  the Scheduled Maturity Date is the date that is 120 calendar days after 
the Petition Date, subject to earlier termination upon the occurrence of the other 
events set forth in the DIP Credit Agreement, including the effective date of a 
chapter 11 plan.  See DIP Credit Agreement § 1.1, 6(a).

(g) 
Milestones:  the Milestones require, among other things, the filing of the Approved 
Plan and a related disclosure statement no later than thirty (30) days after the 
Petition Date, entry of the Final Order no later than thirty-five (35) days after the 
Petition Date, entry of an order approving the disclosure statement no later than 
eighty (80) days after the Petition Date, entry of an order confirming the Approved 
Plan no later than one hundred ten (110) days after the Petition Date, and the 
occurrence of the effective date of the Approved Plan no later than one hundred 
twenty (120) days after the Petition Date.  See DIP Credit Agreement § 18.41, 19.2; 
Interim Order ¶ 8.

(h) 
Budget and Reporting:  the Debtors will operate under a rolling thirteen (13) week 
DIP Budget, updated no later than every four weeks, with weekly Variance Reports 
and a Permitted Variance for operating disbursements equal to the greater of 10% 
or $200,000, tested on a cumulative basis.  See Interim Order ¶¶ 5, 7; DIP Credit 
Agreement § 3.3, 17.7.

(i) 
Consensual Priming and Adequate Protection:  PIF, as Prepetition Lender, has 
consented to the priming of the Prepetition Liens by the DIP Liens and to the 
Debtors’ use of Cash Collateral and will receive, as adequate protection for any

12

=== page 13 ===
Case 26-20189-MBK    Doc 23    Filed 09/08/26    Entered 09/08/26 23:31:25    Desc Main

Document      Page 13 of 18

Diminution in Value, accrual of interest on the Prepetition Obligations at the 
applicable contract rate, paid in kind (subject to the Challenge rights preserved in 
the Interim Order), the Adequate Protection Liens, the Adequate Protection 
Superpriority Claim, and payment of its reasonable and documented fees and 
expenses (from the Lender Reserve Account), in each case as set forth in the Interim 
Order.  See Interim Order ¶ 4.

The Economic Terms of the DIP Facility, Taken as a Whole, Are Fair and Reasonable

I. 
The Interest Rate and the Absence of Fees.

18.
The DIP Facility bears interest at a fixed rate of 12.0% per annum, paid in kind,

and does not contemplate any upfront, commitment, backstop, exit, or similar fees.  In my

experience, debtor-in-possession financings of comparable size and circumstance frequently carry

interest at comparable or higher rates, often payable in cash, together with one or more upfront,

commitment, backstop, or exit fees that, in the aggregate, commonly add several percentage points

to the all-in cost of such financings.  My team and I reviewed precedent debtor-in-possession

financings of comparable commitment size, including their interest rates, fees, and other economic

terms. Based on this review, I have determined that the DIP Facility’s interest rate is in line with

those observed in the precedent facilities and, after accounting for the fees and other economic

terms applicable to those facilities, the DIP Facility’s overall economic terms are at or below the

range of terms approved in these comparable postpetition financings.  Because interest on the DIP

Loans is paid in kind, the DIP Facility imposes no cash interest burden on the Debtors during these

chapter 11 cases, which preserves liquidity for the Debtors’ operations and the administration of

these chapter 11 cases.  In addition, interest accrues on Borrowings only once such Borrowings

are available for use by the DIP Borrower, and the draw-control mechanics described above limit

the amount of DIP Loans outstanding—and therefore the interest accruing—at any time to the

Debtors’ actual funding needs.  I therefore believe that the interest rate and the absence of fees

13

=== page 14 ===
Case 26-20189-MBK    Doc 23    Filed 09/08/26    Entered 09/08/26 23:31:25    Desc Main

Document      Page 14 of 18

under the DIP Facility are reasonable and compare favorably to the economic terms of comparable

postpetition financings.

II. 
The Roll-Up.

19.
As described in the Motion, upon entry of the Interim Order and the Final Order,

respectively, Prepetition Obligations in an aggregate principal amount equal, on a dollar-for-dollar

basis, to the Interim DIP Term Loan and the Delayed Draw Term Loan, respectively, will be

deemed exchanged into DIP Roll-Up Loans.  I understand that the Prepetition Lender would not

consent to the use of its Cash Collateral, and the DIP Lender would not be willing to provide the

DIP Term Loan Facility, without approval of the DIP Roll-Up Loans, and that the DIP Roll-Up

Loans were accordingly a condition to the Debtors’ obtaining the new money DIP Term Loans.  I

further understand that the inclusion of a roll-up of prepetition secured debt is a common feature

of debtor-in-possession financings provided by prepetition secured lenders, and, based on Ducera’s

review of precedent debtor-in-possession financings, the dollar-for-dollar (1.0:1.0) ratio of DIP

Roll-Up Loans to new money DIP Term Loans is  approximately equal to the average of the range

observed in precedent transactions.  Because PIF is the Debtors’ only prepetition secured lender

and the sole DIP Lender, the DIP Roll-Up Loans do not prefer any similarly situated creditor over

another and do not prime the liens of any third party.  Accordingly, I believe that the DIP Roll-Up

Loans are reasonable and an integrated component of the DIP Facility.  See Motion ¶ 45; Interim

Order ¶ 2(b).

III. 
Other Terms of the DIP Facility.

20.
The DIP Facility also contains a number of terms that, in my experience, are

favorable to the Debtors and are often unavailable to similarly situated debtors.  These include:

(a) the fully consensual nature of the DIP Facility, including the Prepetition Lender’s consent to

14

=== page 15 ===
Case 26-20189-MBK    Doc 23    Filed 09/08/26    Entered 09/08/26 23:31:25    Desc Main

Document      Page 15 of 18

the priming of the Prepetition Liens and to the continued use of Cash Collateral, which avoids the

cost, delay, and risk of a contested financing dispute at the outset of these chapter 11 cases; (b) the

absence of any upfront, commitment, backstop, exit, or similar fees; (c) interest payable solely on

a payment-in-kind basis; and (d) a maturity and Milestones that are aligned with the Debtors’

contemplated plan timeline and that afford the Debtors the opportunity to finalize the LIV 2.0

transaction with the Lead Investor and, failing that, to pursue an orderly wind-down, with proceeds

of the DIP Facility available to fund the Wind-Down (as defined in the DIP Credit Agreement).

21.
The terms of the DIP Facility, including the interest rate and the other economic

terms, were the subject of arm’s-length, good-faith negotiations between the Debtors, acting under

the oversight of the SIC, and PIF, each represented by separate counsel and financial advisors.

Based on my participation in and observation of those negotiations, I believe that the DIP Facility’s

economic terms are an integral component of the overall terms that were required by the DIP

Lender in order to extend postpetition financing to the Debtors.  Accordingly, under the current

circumstances, given the absence of viable alternatives, and based on my experience as a

restructuring professional, I believe that the economic terms of the DIP Facility, taken as a whole,

are fair, reasonable, and in the best interests of the Debtors and their estates, and represent the best

terms currently available to the Debtors.

The Proposed DIP Facility Is the Best and Only Postpetition Financing Currently

Available to the Debtors

22.
Based on the efforts of the Debtors and their advisors to secure postpetition

financing, my experience in arranging debtor-in-possession financing in comparable cases, current

market conditions, the Debtors’ circumstances, and my participation in the negotiations regarding

the DIP Facility, I believe that there is no alternative source of sufficient postpetition financing

15

=== page 16 ===
Case 26-20189-MBK    Doc 23    Filed 09/08/26    Entered 09/08/26 23:31:25    Desc Main

Document      Page 16 of 18

currently available to the Debtors  and that the DIP Facility is, in fact, the only actionable source

of postpetition financing currently available to the Debtors.

23.
First, the DIP Facility is expected to provide the Debtors with access to the amount

of capital that the Debtors, in consultation with their advisors, believe is necessary to administer

these chapter 11 cases effectively and efficiently and to pursue consummation of the Approved

Plan.  The DIP Facility is sized and structured to fund the Debtors through that timeline.

24.
Second, the principal economic terms of the DIP Facility, including the interest rate,

the DIP Roll-Up Loans, and the absence of fees, are reasonable under the circumstances and fall

within the observed range for debtor-in-possession financings of this type.  Because interest is

structured on a payment-in-kind basis and the DIP Facility bears no fees, the DIP Facility will

allow the Debtors to maintain liquidity during these chapter 11 cases.

25.
Third, the Debtors’ market test uncovered no practical alternative.  As described

above, Ducera contacted twelve (12) third-party financing sources, each of which declined to

provide postpetition financing, and the Debtors did not receive any proposal to provide postpetition

financing on an unsecured, junior, or any other basis.  The Debtors and their advisors have

considered, and will continue to consider, any postpetition financing proposals that may be

received as potential alternatives to the DIP Facility.

26.
Fourth, as the Debtors’ existing prepetition secured lender and ultimate equity

owner, PIF is familiar with the Debtors’ business, operations, and capital structure, which enabled

the parties to negotiate and document the DIP Facility within the timeframe required by the

Debtors’ liquidity position.  The DIP Facility is fully consensual, provides for the continued use

of Cash Collateral, and contains Milestones that provide visibility to a timely emergence from

chapter 11 or an orderly wind-down.  In my experience, the timing and certainty of closing, the

16

=== page 17 ===
Case 26-20189-MBK    Doc 23    Filed 09/08/26    Entered 09/08/26 23:31:25    Desc Main

Document      Page 17 of 18

avoidance of a value-destructive priming fight, and the alignment of the financing with a path to

consummation of a chapter 11 plan are important considerations in evaluating postpetition

financing alternatives, and each weighs in favor of the DIP Facility.

Conclusion

27.
For the reasons stated above, and based on my professional opinion and experience

with and analysis of debtor-in-possession financing transactions, as well as my participation in the

marketing and negotiation of postpetition financing alternatives for the Debtors, I believe that the

proposed DIP Facility, taken as a whole, is fair and reasonable, features economic terms that

compare favorably to those of similar financings, was negotiated at arm’s length and in good faith

under the oversight of the SIC, and represents the best—and only actionable—postpetition

financing currently available to the Debtors under the facts and circumstances of these chapter 11

cases.

[Remainder of page intentionally left blank.]

17

=== page 18 ===
Case 26-20189-MBK    Doc 23    Filed 09/08/26    Entered 09/08/26 23:31:25    Desc Main

Document      Page 18 of 18

Pursuant to 28 U.S.C. § 1746, I declare under penalty of perjury under the laws of the

United States of America that the foregoing is true and correct.

Executed on:  September 8, 2026 
/s/ Bradley A. Robins 
Name:  Bradley A. Robins 
Title:    Partner 
Ducera Partners LLC

18

