=== page 1 ===
 
 
 
UNITED STATES BANKRUPTCY COURT 
FOR THE DISTRICT OF DELAWARE 
 
)  
In re: 
) Chapter 11 
 
)  
OMNIS PLEASANTS, LLC1 
) Case No. 26-11169 (___) 
 
)  
 
 
 
Debtor. 
) 
 
 
)  
DECLARATION OF  
DAVID HINDMAN, AS CHIEF EXECUTIVE OFFICER OF  
OMNIS PLEASANTS, LLC, d/b/a PLEASANTS POWER STATION,   
IN SUPPORT OF CHAPTER 11 PETITION AND FIRST DAY MOTIONS 
I, David Hindman, hereby declare under penalty of perjury that the following is true to the 
best of my knowledge, information, and belief: 
1. 
I am a Shareholder, Partner, and Managing Director at AlixPartners, LLP 
(“AlixPartners”), an operational performance advisory firm and an affiliate of AP Services, LLC 
(“APS”).  I have been employed at AlixPartners since 2016 and currently serve as the Global 
Power, Utility, and Renewable Energy Practice Leader, a practice I founded.  Over my 25-plus 
year career, I have led teams through comprehensive business transformations, with a particular 
focus on the power and renewables sector.  I hold a Master of Business Administration from 
Harvard Business School, as well as a Bachelor of Science in Mechanical Engineering and a 
Bachelor of Arts in Economics from Rice University. 
2. 
Since around February 17, 2026, APS has provided my services as the Chief 
Executive Officer of Omnis Pleasants, LLC (the “Debtor” or “Pleasants”).  Before that, starting 
on October 27, 2025, I served as an advisor to the Debtor through AlixPartners.  As an advisor and 
 
1  The last four digits of the Debtor’s tax identification number are 2673. The location of the Debtor’s principal place 
of business and the Debtor’s service address is 1 Power Station Blvd., Belmont, West Virginia 26134. 
Case 26-11169-KBO    Doc 10    Filed 07/27/26    Page 1 of 32

=== page 2 ===
 
2 
 
officer of the Debtor over the last nine months, I have become intimately familiar with the business, 
financial affairs, and day-to-day operations of the Debtor.   
3. 
Except 
as 
otherwise 
indicated, 
the 
statements 
in 
this 
declaration 
(this “Declaration”) are based on my own personal knowledge, my review of documents and 
information available to me as an advisor to and/or CEO of Pleasants, and additional information 
provided to me by AlixPartners, counsel to Pleasants, Herbert Smith Freehills Kramer LLP (“HSF 
Kramer”), or other advisors retained by Pleasants.   
4. 
I submit this Declaration in support of the Debtor’s voluntary petition for relief 
under chapter 11 of title 11 of the United States Code (the “Bankruptcy Code”), filed today 
(the “Petition Date”), and the motions and applications filed along with it (collectively, the “First 
Day Motions”).  This Declaration provides the United States Bankruptcy Court for the District of 
Delaware (the “Court”) and parties in interest with an overview of the Debtor’s business and 
operations; capital structure; and the circumstances that led to the filing of this chapter 11 case. 
5. 
As described more fully below, the Debtor is filing the First Day Motions to obtain 
relief that I believe is necessary to minimize the adverse effects of filing for chapter 11 on the 
Debtor’s employees, suppliers, and business operations.  I am generally familiar with the contents 
of each First Day Motion and believe that the relief sought through them is necessary to enable the 
Debtor to operate during this chapter 11 case with minimal disruption, avoid immediate and 
irreparable harm to the Debtor and its estate, and to preserve value for the Debtor’s estate and all 
parties in interest. 
6. 
This Declaration is organized as follows:  
Introduction; 
 
Part I provides a general overview of the Debtor’s corporate history and business 
operations; 
Case 26-11169-KBO    Doc 10    Filed 07/27/26    Page 2 of 32

=== page 3 ===
 
3 
 
 
Part II provides information on the Debtor’s prepetition organizational structure, capital 
structure, and other obligations;  
 
Part III describes the circumstances leading to the filing of this chapter 11 case and the 
Debtor’s objectives in the chapter 11 process; and  
 
Part IV sets forth basis for the relief requested in the First Day Motions throughout the 
chapter 11 process, and contains a summary overview of the First Day Motions and relief 
sought therein, including the facts supporting the First Day Motions.  
 
INTRODUCTION 
7. 
The Debtor owns and operates the Pleasants Power Station (the “Plant”), one of 
the most important electric-generating assets in West Virginia.  The 1,278-megawatt facility 
provides critical generation capacity to the regional market, supports grid reliability, contributes 
meaningfully to the local economy, and employs a large, dedicated workforce.  The Plant is a 
valuable, revenue generating asset.  However, up until the appointment of independent 
management approximately five months ago, the Plant suffered from severe financial and 
operational distress as the result of gross misconduct by prior management (described more fully 
below).  Pleasants is burdened by the defaulted debts of affiliated entities, Omnis Parties (defined 
below) through guarantees and liens granted by prior management. Pleasants has thus been placed 
in default under several major debt obligations for many months, and is also the subject of serious 
and protracted investigation by the Federal Energy Regulatory Commission (“FERC”).  This has 
had a crippling effect on the Debtor’s ability to move forward as a going concern. 
8. 
Since February 2026, new management, led by Gilbert Nathan, has worked 
tirelessly to right the ship.  Those efforts resulted in significant financial and operational 
improvements to date.  But the Debtor’s vast array of direct and inherited debt obligations and 
Case 26-11169-KBO    Doc 10    Filed 07/27/26    Page 3 of 32

=== page 4 ===
 
4 
 
corresponding defaults still require a restructuring.  The Debtor spent the last several months trying 
to do that on a consensual basis.  But despite the best efforts of many, those discussions failed.   
9. 
Simultaneously, Mr. Nathan has leveraged the Debtor’s recent progress to foster 
productive discussions with potential purchasers and financiers.  However, it has become apparent 
that the only way to truly maximize value is through chapter 11, where the Debtor’s assets can be 
sold on a free-and-clear basis.   
10. 
The problems that potential buyers want to avoid are numerous, all as a result of 
years of misconduct by the Debtor’s former leadership and entanglement in a web of related party 
transactions.  For nearly three years, Simon Hodson and his insiders controlled the Debtor and its 
parent and upstream entities.  During that period, they promoted a purported hydrogen-production 
technology known as the “Reformer,” raised hundreds of millions of dollars from lenders, 
investors, and governmental agencies, and promised potential investors that the Plant would 
become the centerpiece of a revolutionary energy platform.  Those promises never materialized.  
Instead, these insiders pursued speculative ventures and related-party transactions while the Plant 
was starved of capital, exposed to significant regulatory issues, and left in operational and financial 
distress. 
11. 
By late 2025, prior management could no longer avoid the consequences of their 
conduct.  Their broader Omnis Parties group of entities, together with the Debtor, was in default 
under multiple financing arrangements; critical vendor relationships for Pleasants had deteriorated 
from non-payment; operational reliability had suffered from a lack of funding; and government 
agencies were investigating alleged misconduct.  The Debtor’s parent entities also defaulted on 
their secured debt, which in some instances gave those creditors recourse against the Debtor or its 
assets.  Current management’s ongoing investigation has since uncovered substantial evidence of 
Case 26-11169-KBO    Doc 10    Filed 07/27/26    Page 4 of 32

=== page 5 ===
 
5 
 
self-dealing, suspect related-party transactions, misuse of lender and investor funds, diversion of 
corporate funds to insider-controlled entities, and other conduct that may give rise to significant 
estate causes of action. 
12. 
Faced with these circumstances, the principal secured lenders to the Omnis Parties, 
the Debtor’s parent entities, required fundamental governance reforms as a condition to their 
continued forbearance from exercising remedies under applicable loan documents on account of 
defaults thereunder.  In February 2026, former management relinquished all operational control 
and almost all governance control over the Debtor.  Through Jackson Square Advisors, LLC, Mr. 
Nathan was appointed as sole Director and Independent Manager, and through APS, I was 
appointed Chief Executive Officer.  Our mandate was to stabilize operations, preserve value, 
restructure the debts, and chart a value-maximizing path forward for the Plant and its stakeholders. 
13. 
Since that transition, the Debtor and its advisors have worked to rehabilitate the 
business—rebuilding the workforce, hiring critical personnel, improving compensation and 
retention programs, renegotiating key vendor and fuel-supply arrangements, addressing significant 
environmental and operational issues, improving relationships with regulators, and restoring 
operational stability at the Plant.  These efforts have demonstrated that the Plant remains a 
strategically important asset capable of generating substantial value for stakeholders when 
managed by responsible fiduciaries focused on operational excellence rather than insider interests. 
14. 
At the same time, the Debtor has pursued a value-maximizing path forward to 
address its financial distress.  Over the last several months, the Debtor engaged extensively with 
its lenders, government stakeholders, equity holders, potential investors, and prospective 
purchasers to achieve a consensual and value-maximizing restructuring.  This included exploring 
refinancing alternatives, negotiating with key creditors, and conducting a process to identify 
Case 26-11169-KBO    Doc 10    Filed 07/27/26    Page 5 of 32

=== page 6 ===
 
6 
 
qualified purchasers capable of buying and operating the Plant.  Despite substantial efforts by the 
Debtor, the Debtor and its key stakeholders ultimately reached a fundamental impasse with the 
Omnis Parties regarding control of any restructuring or sale process, and the Plant’s path forward. 
15. 
Compounding these challenges, former insiders and affiliated parties have recently 
accelerated their efforts to sideline current management and took a series of coordinated actions 
designed to displace the independent governance structure installed to protect the Debtor and its 
stakeholders.  Those actions included: (i) attempting to implement transactions that would 
undermine the Plant’s ability to operate and potentially divert substantial value to the Omnis 
Parties, including (a) entering into a purported lease agreement that, if valid, would make operating 
the Plant impossible and (b) selling behind-the-meter power and capacity, which is not permitted 
as a PJM capacity auction award recipient; (ii) litigation in West Virginia state court seeking to 
undo previous governance protections; (iii) an attempted improper payoff transaction that, if 
successful, would have paved the way for the removal of independent management and the 
restoration of influence to parties whose conduct remains under active investigation; and 
(iv) threatening Plant staff and Pleasants management to “bring use of force” to gain entry to the 
Plant.  These actions have created serious governance uncertainty, threatened to destabilize the 
business, and jeopardized the progress achieved since Mr. Nathan’s and my appointment.   
16. 
Against this backdrop, the need to file chapter 11 became immediate.  This case 
provides the only means by which the Debtor can preserve value, ensure continued stability of 
Plant operations, maintain the confidence of employees, customers, vendors, and regulators, 
investigate potential estate causes of action, and maximize value for all stakeholders. 
17. 
The Debtor enters chapter 11 from a position of substantially improved operational 
stability.  It has a valuable operating asset, an experienced management team, the support of trusted 
Case 26-11169-KBO    Doc 10    Filed 07/27/26    Page 6 of 32

=== page 7 ===
 
7 
 
advisors, and a clear objective:  to preserve and maximize the value of the Plant through a fair, 
transparent, and competitive sale process while removing the distractions wrought by former 
management.   
18. 
To that point, in the months before the Petition Date, the Debtor engaged in 
productive discussions with numerous potential sale counterparties interested in purchasing the 
Debtor’s assets and potential financing parties interested in providing debtor-in-possession 
financing.  The Debtor will move expeditiously to implement that process, including pursuing a 
robust marketing and sale process to facilitate a value-maximizing transition to new ownership.  
This approach offers the best opportunity to maximize value and secure a lasting future for the 
Plant, its employees, and its stakeholders. 
PART I 
CORPORATE HISTORY AND BUSINESS OPERATIONS 
A. 
History of Pleasants Power Station 
19. 
As previously discussed, the Debtor owns and operates a two-unit, 1,278-megawatt 
coal-fired power plant, together with related buildings, facilities, electrical generation 
infrastructure, and transmission powerlines, situated on approximately 190 acres of real property 
in Belmont, West Virginia. The Plant operates within the PJM Interconnection, LLC (“PJM”) 
market region. 
20. 
The Plant began commercial operations in 1979 and has operated as a coal-fired 
power plant for over forty years.  Ownership changed several times, and in March 2022, Energy 
Harbor (formerly known as First Energy Solutions) (“Energy Harbor”) announced plans to 
permanently close the Plant by June 2023 and demolish it.  In connection with that planned 
deactivation, Energy Transition Environmental Management LLC (“ETEM”) acquired the Plant 
in December 2022 through its subsidiary, ETEM Remediation Two, LLC (“ER2”).  In March 
Case 26-11169-KBO    Doc 10    Filed 07/27/26    Page 7 of 32

=== page 8 ===
 
8 
 
2023, however, the West Virginia state legislature passed legislation (SB 609) preventing 
demolition and preserving the Plant for continued operation. 
21. 
In July 2023, Omnis Fuel Technologies, LLC (“Omnis Energy”), through its 
acquisition subsidiary, Quantum Pleasants, LLC (“Quantum”), agreed to acquire the Plant from 
ETEM through the acquisition of its membership interests in ER2.  After the transaction closed in 
early August 2023, ER2 was renamed Omnis Pleasants, LLC.   
B. 
The Debtor’s Coal Fired Power Generation Business 
22. 
The Plant has historically participated in the wholesale electricity markets 
administered by PJM.  PJM is a federally regulated regional transmission organization responsible 
for operating the high-voltage electric grid and administering wholesale electricity markets across 
13 states and the District of Columbia, subject to oversight by the FERC. 
23. 
The principal mechanism by which PJM procures capacity is the Base Residual 
Auction (“BRA”), a forward auction conducted approximately three years in advance of the 
applicable delivery year.  Energy-producing participants that clear the BRA receive fixed capacity 
payments, expressed in dollars per megawatt-day, in exchange for an obligation to be available at 
every moment of the delivery year2 and to comply with PJM performance requirements. 
24. 
In the ordinary course of operations, the Plant generates revenue primarily through 
(i) capacity revenues associated with commitments awarded through the BRA and related 
incremental auctions, pursuant to which Pleasants receives compensation for maintaining 
generation capacity available to the PJM market if called upon, regardless of whether such 
capacity is actually utilized on any given day (“Capacity Revenue”); (ii) revenues from day-ahead 
energy sales, pursuant to which Pleasants commits to deliver energy into the PJM market; and 
 
2 PJM allows BRA-cleared resources to request planned Maintenance Outages (subject to PJM approval) during 
periods when the grid is not expected to be under stress or emergency conditions.  
Case 26-11169-KBO    Doc 10    Filed 07/27/26    Page 8 of 32

=== page 9 ===
 
9 
 
(iii) revenues from real-time generation and energy sales, where Pleasants generates power and 
sells into the market at the real-time market price ((ii)-(iii) together, “Generation Revenue”). 
25. 
Pleasants sold 1,037.7 MW at a blended rate of $59.626/MW-day through 
participation in the 3rd Incremental Auction and a bilateral capacity sale to AEP for the 2024/2025 
delivery year, 1,035.6 MW at a blended rate of $270.18/MW-day through the BRA plus a small 
amount in an Incremental Auction for the 2025/2026 delivery year, 1,018.3 MW in the BRA for 
the 2026/2027 delivery year at $329.17/MW-day, 1,011.5 MW in the BRA for the 2027/2028 
delivery year at $333.44/MW-day, and 1,003.5 MW in the BRA for the 2028/2029 delivery year 
at $325.00/MW-day, with each delivery year running from June 1 through May 31.  These awards 
translate into approximate Capacity Revenue of $23 million for the 2024/2025 delivery year, $102 
million for the 2025/2026 delivery year, $122 million for the 2026/2027 delivery year, $123 
million for the 2027/2028 year, and $119 million for the 2028/2029 year.  On the cost side, the 
Plant’s fixed operating costs are approximately $45 million per year.  Accordingly, if properly 
managed, the Plant should generate substantial operating profit from Capacity Revenue alone. 
26. 
From 2023 through mid-2025, however, Pleasants incurred significant operating 
losses caused by misconduct and mismanagement by prior leadership, inadequate working capital, 
deferred maintenance that caused significant generation outages that impaired the Plant’s 
performance.  In October 2025, FERC began investigating Pleasants’ operations during the 2023-
25 period, as well as certain other Omnis Parties affiliates (the “FERC Investigation”).  
Depending on the outcome of the FERC Investigation, certain Capacity Revenue earned during 
the review period may be subject to disgorgement, and Pleasants may face additional, potentially 
significant fines. 
Case 26-11169-KBO    Doc 10    Filed 07/27/26    Page 9 of 32

=== page 10 ===
 
10 
 
C. 
The Debtor’s Management and Employees  
27. 
Day‑to‑day operations at the Plant are currently conducted through a multi‑party 
operating structure involving Pleasants personnel, PurEnergy Management Services LLC 
(“PEMS”) (in its capacity as asset manager), and TyrEnergy, LLC (“Tyr”) (in its capacity as 
energy manager).  PEMS and Tyr are affiliated with one another, but are not affiliated with 
Pleasants or its affiliates. 
28. 
PEMS.  PEMS provides technical and management services to the Plant pursuant 
to an Asset Management Agreement dated August 1, 2023, as amended by the First Amendment 
to Asset Management Agreement, dated September 27, 2023, and the Assumption, Assignment 
and Novation Agreement, dated March 3, 2026 (collectively, the “PEMS AMA”).  The PEMS 
AMA remains in effect through July 31, 2028.  In its capacity as asset manager, PEMS is 
responsible for the overall commercial and technical oversight of the Plant, including, among other 
things, coordination of compliance-driven outages, oversight of operating budgets and capital 
expenditures, and fuel supply strategy, regulatory, and financial reporting obligations.  
29. 
Tyr/Tenaska.  Tyr provides energy management services pursuant to an Energy 
Management Agreement dated August 3, 2023 (as amended, restated, amended and restated, 
supplemented, waived or otherwise modified from time to time, the “Tyr EMA”), which had an 
initial one-year term and renewed automatically thereafter.  Under the Tyr EMA, Tyr is responsible 
for, among other things, bidding, selling, scheduling, and dispatching the Plant’s energy, ancillary 
services, and capacity into the PJM wholesale electricity markets, up to the full capacity of the 
Plant for each operating hour.  The Tyr EMA expires on July 31, 2026.  Tenaska Power Services 
Co. (“Tenaska”) will become the Plant’s energy manager on July 30, 2026 pursuant to an Energy 
Management Agreement, dated June 17, 2026.   
Case 26-11169-KBO    Doc 10    Filed 07/27/26    Page 10 of 32

=== page 11 ===
 
11 
 
30. 
Plant Level Management.  Plant-level personnel responsible for the operation and 
maintenance of the coal-fired facility were not associated with the Omnis Parties (defined below) 
prior to the acquisition of the Plant.  Originally, the Debtor outsourced day-to-day operations of 
the Plant, but plant-level personnel ultimately migrated to become Pleasants employees. 
31. 
As of the Petition Date, the Debtor employs approximately 136 individuals, roughly 
five of which are salaried and 131 are paid hourly.  All employees are based in the United States 
and are employed by the Debtor.   
32. 
Prior to February 6, 2026, certain of the Debtor’s affiliates, Omnis Global (defined 
below) and Omnis Energy provided certain support services to the Debtor.  Five employees 
provided support to the Debtor’s corporate-level functions (CEO, CFO, and Head of Human 
Resources), including finance, accounting, and human resources.  
33. 
The Debtor is seeking to continue satisfying all ordinary course-employee related 
obligations for Pleasants’ employees for the duration of the chapter 11 case, and hopes to minimize 
any disruption to the workforce that is the lifeblood of the Plant. 
PART II 
DEBTOR’S ORGANIZATIONAL AND CAPITAL STRUCTURE 
A. Debtor’s Organizational Structure 
34. 
An illustrative organizational chart of the Debtor and certain of its non-debtor 
affiliates (collectively, “Omnis Group”), together with a description of each of the entities within 
the Omnis Group, is annexed as Exhibit A hereto.     
35. 
Pleasants is a Delaware limited liability company, with primary business operations 
at 1 Power Plant Station Blvd, Belmont, West Virginia 26134.  As reflected in the organizational 
chart, 100% of Pleasants’ membership interests are owned by non-debtor Quantum. 
Case 26-11169-KBO    Doc 10    Filed 07/27/26    Page 11 of 32

=== page 12 ===
 
12 
 
36. 
The Debtor’s books and records reflect that non-debtor Quantum’s membership 
interests, in turn, are owned by TRAG LLC (46.62%) and affiliate Robbins Research International, 
Inc. (4.61%) (together 51.23%), Omnis Energy (43.77%), and Angela Sabella’s Harmony Trust 
(5.0%).   
37. 
Non-debtor Omnis Global Technologies, LLC (“Omnis Global”) is a parent-level 
holding company in the Omnis Group and is wholly owned by non-debtor Hodson Investments, 
LLC, which in turn is owned and controlled by Simon Hodson, his spouse, and children.   
38. 
Mr. Hodson is the Chairman and Chief Executive Officer of Omnis Global, Omnis 
Energy, and Quantum (collectively, the “Omnis Parties”) and controls these entities through his 
indirect ownership of all Class A Units in each entity.  Prior to his removal—pursuant to and in 
connection with the A&R Forbearance Agreement—in February 2026, Mr. Hodson was also the 
Chairman and Chief Executive Officer of the Debtor.   
B. Capital Structure  
39. 
As of the Petition Date, the Debtor’s funded debt and guarantee obligations totaled 
approximately $70.8 million, consisting of approximately $50.9 million unsecured loan obligation 
owed to the West Virginia Economic Development Authority (“WVEDA”), which includes 
accrued and unpaid interest; a purported $20 million unsecured note issued by Bilt Technology 
LLC (“Bilt”) to the Debtor; and as detailed further below, a first priority lien on all of the Debtor’s 
property and assets granted to TRAG LLC (“TRAG”) and RG Energy LLC (“RGE” and together 
with TRAG, “TRAG/RGE”) pursuant to the A&R Forbearance Agreement (defined below). 
1. 
WVEDA Loan  
40. 
On December 13, 2023, WVEDA, Quantum (as borrower), Pleasants (as 
guarantor), and Omnis Energy entered into a loan agreement (the “WVEDA Loan Agreement”) 
whereby WVEDA agreed to provide an unsecured loan in the total principal amount not to exceed 
Case 26-11169-KBO    Doc 10    Filed 07/27/26    Page 12 of 32

=== page 13 ===
 
13 
 
$50 million to Quantum (the “WVEDA Loan”).  Quantum executed a negotiable promissory note 
(the “WVEDA Note”) evidencing the loan, payable for a term of thirty (30) months at a fixed rate 
of one percent (1%) per annum.  The WVEDA Note is guaranteed by Pleasants.  The WVEDA 
Loan matured on June 15, 2026, and remains unpaid and is in default.  As of the Petition Date, 
approximately $50.9 million is outstanding on the WVEDA Loan. The Debtor continues to 
investigate the facts and circumstances and potential misconduct by former management in 
connection with the WVEDA Loan and related transactions (discussed below). 
2. 
Bilt Loan 
41. 
On April 8, 2025, as part of a related party power purchase agreement,3 prior 
management caused Pleasants and Bilt to execute a promissory note (the “Bilt Note”), pursuant to 
which Bilt agreed to loan Pleasants $20 million on an unsecured basis (the “Bilt Loan”), with a 
personal guaranty from Mr. Hodson, ostensibly representing a portion of the “Commitment Fee” 
related to the purported EH-Bilt PPA (discussed below in Section 3(A)(4)).  The Bilt Note matured 
on October 5, 2025.  Although Simon Hodson entered into a limited forbearance arrangement with 
Bilt extending certain repayment obligations through December 15, 2025, those obligations were 
not satisfied. As of the Petition Date, the Bilt Note is in payment default, with approximately $20 
million outstanding.  The Debtor continues to investigate the facts and circumstances and potential 
misconduct by former management in connection with the Bilt Note and related transactions 
(discussed below). 
 
3 The power purchase agreement was between Pleasants and Element H (50% owned by Omnis Mining, a subsidiary 
of Omnis Global).  This transaction was purportedly a deposit for a separate power purchase agreement between Bilt 
and Element H (to which Pleasants was not a party). 
Case 26-11169-KBO    Doc 10    Filed 07/27/26    Page 13 of 32

=== page 14 ===
 
14 
 
3. 
TRAG/RGE Liens 
42. 
Beginning in 2023, TRAG and RGE made a series of loans to direct and indirect 
parent entities of Pleasants pursuant to separate loan and security agreements entered into between 
May 2023 through March 2025.  The proceeds of those loans were used to purchase the Plant and 
to provide funding to maintain Plant’s operations. As of the Petition Date, TRAG/RGE are owed 
over $80 million pursuant to these loan agreements (the “TRAG/RGE Loans”).  Pursuant to the 
A&R Forbearance Agreement, in consideration for forbearing from exercising remedies, including 
foreclosing on their collateral, and other accommodations by TRAG/RGE, TRAG/RGE were 
granted a first-priority lien on all property and assets of Pleasants, including the Plant. As discussed 
further below, concerned about the state and operation of the Plant by the prior management, 
TRAG and RGE agreed to the appointment of an independent manager and me to oversee the 
Plant. The forbearance period has since terminated and the TRAG and RGE loans remain in 
default.  
4. 
Intercompany Loans  
43. 
After further described in Part III(A) of this Declaration, in connection with a 
review of its books and records, the Debtor, together with its advisors, has identified two sets of 
purported intercompany loan documents:  (i) a purported revolving promissory note dated 
October 31, 2023, together with certain purported amendments, between Quantum and Pleasants; 
and (ii) a purported revolving promissory note dated October 31, 2023, between Omnis Energy 
and Pleasants (collectively, the “Purported Intercompany Notes”).  Each of the Purported 
Intercompany Notes has a maturity date of October 31, 2026.  The Debtor is continuing to 
investigate the legitimacy of these notes, the historical reported intercompany balances of 
approximately $46 million plus purported accrued interest, and the transfers and accounting entries 
associated with such purported obligations. 
Case 26-11169-KBO    Doc 10    Filed 07/27/26    Page 14 of 32

=== page 15 ===
 
15 
 
5. 
Trade Debt 
44. 
As further discussed herein, under the Debtor’s previous management team, 
relationships with key trade vendors were severely damaged.  The Debtor’s current management 
team is working diligently to improve the Debtor’s relationships with vendors through, among 
other things, timely paying, or otherwise prepaying, for services and goods provided.  To build 
upon the Debtor’s goodwill, as well as ensure that operations at the Plant remain uninterrupted, 
the Debtor has sought to stay current with vendor invoices, and accordingly owes only a modest 
sum of outstanding amounts to its vendor counterparties.  As of the Petition Date, the Debtor has 
approximately $4 million of outstanding trade debt.   
C. Debtor’s Liquidity 
45. 
The Debtor has approximately $13 million of liquidity as of the Petition Date, 
comprised primarily of cash on hand.  The Debtor believes this, together with projected receipts, 
will constitute sufficient liquidity to fund the case, but may explore debtor-in-possession financing 
at a later date particularly to fund necessary repairs.  
 
PART III 
CIRCUMSTANCES AND EVENTS LEADING TO CHAPTER 11 FILING 
A. Mismanagement and Defaults Under Simon Hodson and His Affiliates 
46. 
Under the leadership of Simon Hodson and his affiliates, including Charles 
Gassenheimer, Randall Smith (Mr. Hodson’s brother-in-law), Richard Hulme, Matt Hart, and 
Blake Stephens, the Plant’s operations and financial condition deteriorated significantly.  Since 
assuming control, current management and its advisors have conducted a comprehensive review 
Case 26-11169-KBO    Doc 10    Filed 07/27/26    Page 15 of 32

=== page 16 ===
 
16 
 
of the Debtor’s affairs and have uncovered mismanagement, misconduct, and potential fraud that 
contributed significantly to the Debtor’s current operational and financial distress. 
1. 
Mismanagement of the Plant 
 
47. 
In the years leading up to the Petition Date, the Plant suffered from chronic 
undercapitalization, liquidity shortages, operational failures, and recurring outages caused by prior 
management.  Plant personnel, PEMS, and Tyr repeatedly warned Mr. Hodson and his associates 
that the Plant lacked sufficient operating capital to buy the coal, lime, and other consumables 
needed for the Plant to generate power as it was required to do pursuant to its obligations to PJM.  
Despite those warnings, prior management refused to provide adequate funding, resulting in 
recurring fuel shortages, forced outages, reduced generating capability, deferred maintenance, 
personnel attrition, and increasing operational risk.  Rather than prioritizing the reliable operation 
of the Plant, prior management focused substantial time and resources on unrelated ventures, 
including the Reformer Pilot Project (defined below) and a proposed “behind-the-meter” 
cryptocurrency mining initiative.  
48. 
The consequences of prior management’s conscious disregard for the wellbeing of 
the Plant were severe.  Coal inventories4 declined to critically low levels (less than 2,000 tons, or 
less than five hours of run time, at one point), relationships with key suppliers deteriorated 
significantly and such suppliers stopped doing business with Pleasants, and the Debtor became 
increasingly dependent on advances from third parties, including TRAG and RGE, to purchase 
fuel and other essential consumables.  The Debtor also fell behind on vendor obligations, 
insurance, property tax liabilities, and payroll.  And then, in August 2024, the Debtor lost access 
to an ash-disposal landfill because it did not pay its bills.  As a result, substantial quantities of coal 
 
4 Coal inventories refers to coal “on the pile,” which is not adjusted for coal at the bottom of the pile mixed with rocks, 
coal not yet unloaded into the pile but was in transit, or the coal in the silos. 
Case 26-11169-KBO    Doc 10    Filed 07/27/26    Page 16 of 32

=== page 17 ===
 
17 
 
combustion residuals (“CCR”) accumulated on the Plant site, affecting operational flexibility and 
creating serious environmental and regulatory concerns.  Troublingly, in April 2025, prior 
management procured lower-quality coal despite repeated warnings from Plant personnel that it 
would impair Plant performance and generation capacity.   
49. 
As a result of these and other operational issues, the Plant became the subject of an 
investigation by FERC.  Since taking control of the Debtor, current management and its advisors 
have cooperated with FERC and undertaken efforts to address the operational, financial, and 
compliance issues inherited from prior management. 
2. 
Reformer Pilot Project  
50. 
While they were starving the Plant of the resources necessary to operate safely and 
reliably, beginning in the fourth quarter of 2023 prior management directed substantial attention, 
personnel, and capital toward development of Omnis Group’s purportedly revolutionary 
“Reformer” technology (the “Reformer Pilot Project”).  The project was promoted as a 
transformative technology capable of converting coal into hydrogen and valuable carbon 
byproducts, and when Omnis Group acquired the Plant, prior management represented that 
commercialization was imminent.  That was not the case.   
51. 
As technical challenges mounted and progress toward commercialization stalled, 
the apparent purpose of the Reformer Pilot Project shifted from technology development to 
fundraising. Beginning in August 2024, the project appears to have been used primarily as a 
platform for carefully orchestrated demonstrations and tours for investors, lenders, government 
officials, regulators, and other third parties.  In other words, prior management purposefully 
misrepresented the capabilities and promise of the Reformer Pilot Project to convince third parties 
to invest in the Omnis Group in reliance on that false promise.  These events continued through 
October 2025, notwithstanding the absence of meaningful technological progress. 
Case 26-11169-KBO    Doc 10    Filed 07/27/26    Page 17 of 32

=== page 18 ===
 
18 
 
52. 
As discussed above, while management focused on promoting the Reformer Pilot 
Project, the Plant suffered.  Plant personnel were frequently asked to support the Reformer Pilot 
Project with their time and labor even as resources necessary to maintain reliable generation were 
compromised without compensation to the Plant.  The cumulative effect was to divert capital and 
labor away from the Plant’s core operations, and contributed materially to its broader decline. 
3. 
Diversion and Misuse of Project and Other Funds 
53. 
The Debtor has also recently uncovered troubling evidence suggesting that funds 
raised by prior management, ostensibly for development of the Reformer technology and Debtor 
operations, were diverted for the benefit of Simon Hodson, other insiders, and their affiliates.   
54. 
In December 2023, Quantum entered into the WVEDA Loan Agreement, pursuant 
to which WVEDA agreed to provide up to $50 million in funding for the Reformer Pilot Project.  
Pleasants guaranteed these obligations.  As a condition to obtaining WVEDA funding, Quantum 
was required to provide dollar-for-dollar project funding and demonstrate qualifying expenditures 
in advance of requesting matching disbursements.  WVEDA ultimately disbursed the full 
$50 million by June 2024, believing that Quantum had made matching expenditures.  
55. 
However, the Debtor’s investigation has uncovered evidence showing that nearly 
all the WVEDA funding was obtained through a scheme involving circular fund transfers, related-
party transactions, and invoices whose legitimacy is suspect and is now under active investigation.  
Preliminary findings by the Debtor indicate that funds were transferred from Omnis Energy to 
StarSource, LLC (“StarSource”)—an entity controlled by Simon Hodson—and subsequently 
returned to Omnis Energy before being retransferred to StarSource and returned to Omnis Energy, 
with only the outbound transfers presented to WVEDA and the West Virginia State Auditor’s 
Office as purported Reformer Pilot Project expenditures.  The Debtor believes prior management 
Case 26-11169-KBO    Doc 10    Filed 07/27/26    Page 18 of 32

=== page 19 ===
 
19 
 
presented these transactions to create the appearance of qualifying matching expenditures 
necessary to support additional WVEDA disbursement requests. 
56. 
The Debtor has further identified more than $114 million in suspicious invoices 
issued by Industrial Accessories Company (“IAC”), including four invoices totaling 
approximately $100.6 million that were submitted to the State of West Virginia in support of 
matching-fund requests under the WVEDA Loan.  Although those invoices include statements that 
IAC received advance payment of $50 million from Quantum, the Debtor has identified less than 
approximately $4.2 million in actual payments.  The Debtor has also determined that 
approximately $39.6 million of WVEDA-disbursed funds were transferred directly to IAC 
accounts.  Despite repeated requests, neither IAC nor prior management has provided a meaningful 
accounting of these funds. 
57. 
Over time, concerns regarding the viability of the Reformer Pilot Project increased.  
Ultimately, WVEDA declared multiple defaults under the applicable loan documents in July 2025, 
including for the alleged misuse of loan proceeds.  Following the June 2026 maturity of the 
WVEDA Loan without repayment, WVEDA advised the Debtor that it will not accept any 
consensual resolution that places former management back in control of the Plant.   
4. 
Element H and Bilt Transactions 
58. 
From at least December 2023, Simon Hodson also pursued development of a 
cryptocurrency‑mining data center to be co‑located with the Plant.  The project was premised on 
supplying power from the Plant through a “behind‑the‑meter” microgrid that would bypass the 
PJM transmission system.  From the moment that Plant personnel and PEMS became aware of the 
scheme, they repeatedly advised Mr. Hodson that such a project was not feasible, citing, among 
other issues, the Plant’s existing capacity and energy commitments to PJM. 
Case 26-11169-KBO    Doc 10    Filed 07/27/26    Page 19 of 32

=== page 20 ===
 
20 
 
59. 
Despite those warnings, on March 26, 2025, Mr. Hodson caused Pleasants to enter 
into a power purchase agreement (“P-EH PPA”) with Element H Data, LLC (“Element H”), a 
Hodson-affiliate (50% owned by Omnis Mining Technologies, LLC, a wholly owned subsidiary 
of Omnis Global) where Mr. Hodson’s son, Jonathan Hodson, is on the management team, 
pursuant to which prior management caused Pleasants to agree to deliver behind-the-meter power.  
Element H was formed on the same day the P-EH PPA was executed and is controlled by and 
affiliated with Mr. Hodson.  Two days later, Element H entered into a related power purchase 
agreement with Bilt (the “EH-Bilt PPA”), which Pleasants was not a party to.  Shortly thereafter, 
Bilt transferred approximately $22.249 million to Pleasants as a purported “Commitment Fee” in 
connection with the EH-Bilt PPA.  In connection with that payment, Mr. Hodson, on behalf of 
Pleasants, executed the Bilt Note, pursuant to which Pleasants agreed to repay $20 million of the 
Commitment Fee, and Mr. Hodson personally guaranteed the obligation. 
60. 
The Debtor has also identified significant concerns surrounding the commercial 
purpose and economic substance of the P-EH PPA, the EH-Bilt PPA, and the Bilt Note.  First, at 
the time of these transactions, Mr. Hodson controlled or otherwise significantly influenced both 
Element H and Pleasants. Second, the P-EH PPA required Pleasants to supply power to Element 
H at a price not exceeding $30.54 per MWh, substantially below the Plant’s actual cost of 
generation. Internal analyses provided to Mr. Hodson projected losses to Pleasants exceeding 
one billion dollars over the life of the P-EH PPA (inclusive of extension terms).  Ignoring these 
warnings, Mr. Hodson proceeded with these agreements.  Third, the P-EH PPA purported to grant 
Element H the right to acquire 1,300 MW of power (more than the full output of the Plant), even 
though that same capacity had already been committed to PJM.  Finally, of $22.249 million 
Case 26-11169-KBO    Doc 10    Filed 07/27/26    Page 20 of 32

=== page 21 ===
 
21 
 
received from Bilt, $20 million was immediately transferred from Pleasants to Omnis Energy the 
same day, at the direction of Mr. Hodson. 
B. Appointment of New Management  
61. 
In late October 2025, as circumstances at the Plant deteriorated and following the 
defaults on the TRAG/RGE loans, TRAG, RGE, Omnis Global, Quantum, and the Debtor entered 
into a forbearance agreement (the “First Forbearance Agreement”).  TRAG and RGE agreed to 
forbear from exercising remedies under their loan documents, and Pleasants engaged AlixPartners 
to assist with, among other things, developing a revised business plan and designing a restructuring 
strategy to maximize enterprise value.  The First Forbearance Agreement expired on 
November 30, 2025. 
1.  
The A&R Forbearance Agreement and Accompanying Governance 
Changes 
62. 
With appropriate governance and controls still lacking at the Plant and their loans 
still in default, on February 6, 2026, TRAG, RGE, Omnis Global, Omnis Energy, Quantum, and 
Pleasants entered into an Amended and Restated Forbearance Agreement (the “A&R 
Forbearance Agreement”), which provided for robust governance and management changes, 
including the appointment of (i) an independent manager at Pleasants and Quantum and (ii) a new 
Chief Executive Officer of Pleasants. 
63. 
Following execution of the A&R Forbearance Agreement, on February 12, 2026, 
Gilbert Nathan was appointed as Independent Manager and sole Director of Pleasants and as an 
Independent Director of Quantum, and I was appointed as Chief Executive Officer of Pleasants.  
At the same time, former management, including Simon Hodson and Randall Smith, among others, 
were removed from their respective positions as CEO, CFO, and Directors of the Board of the 
Debtor.  The A&R Forbearance Agreement granted the CEO authority over all operational 
Case 26-11169-KBO    Doc 10    Filed 07/27/26    Page 21 of 32

=== page 22 ===
 
22 
 
decisions regarding the Plant, including payments and expenditures, hiring and removals, and 
incurring indebtedness.  The Independent Manager and CEO were empowered to take all actions 
“with the primary objective of maximizing the value of the [Plant],” and the agreement 
contemplated a process for sale of the Plant. 
64. 
In connection with the A&R Forbearance Agreement, prior management amended 
the Debtor’s and Quantum’s LLC agreements to document these agreed governance changes, 
including the Independent Manager’s authority to approve any sale of all or substantially all of the 
Debtor’s assets and related-party transactions.  The A&R Forbearance Agreement further provided 
that, until TRAG and RGE were repaid in full in cash in accordance with the terms of the A&R 
Forbearance Agreement, the Independent Manager could not be removed without the lenders’ prior 
written consent.  The A&R Forbearance Agreement also granted TRAG and RGE a first-priority 
lien on substantially all of the Debtor’s assets and property, including the Plant. 
2. 
The Debtor Retains an Advisory Team 
65. 
Following Mr. Nathan’s appointment as Independent Manager, Pleasants retained 
(i) HSF Kramer as general corporate counsel to assist with stabilizing operations and exploring 
restructuring alternatives and (ii) Sidley Austin LLP as special regulatory counsel to represent the 
company in the FERC Investigation. 
66. 
HSF Kramer has advised the Debtor since February 2026 on general corporate 
matters, capital structure alternatives, renegotiating commercial contracts, and with respect to 
conducting an internal investigation of former management’s conduct.  To support turnaround 
efforts and restructuring contingency planning, the Debtor engaged AlixPartners in October 2025, 
as financial advisor.  
67. 
As restructuring efforts proceeded in earnest, the Debtor retained an additional 
advisor, Young Conaway Stargatt & Taylor, LLP, as co-restructuring counsel with HSF Kramer.  
Case 26-11169-KBO    Doc 10    Filed 07/27/26    Page 22 of 32

=== page 23 ===
 
23 
 
3. 
The Debtor’s Investigation into Prepetition Conduct and Transactions 
68. 
Since the appointment of the Independent Manager, the Debtor and its advisors 
have undertaken an extensive review of former management’s conduct, the operation of the Plant, 
the Reformer Pilot Project, and the use of lender, investor, and governmental funds. 
69. 
Although that review is ongoing and has been impeded by former management’s 
and certain third-parties’ refusal to provide requested materials, initial findings have revealed 
substantial evidence of misconduct.  The Debtor intends to utilize the tools available to it under 
the Bankruptcy Code to complete that investigation and fully evaluate potential claims belonging 
to the estate which can be pursued for the benefit of all stakeholders. 
C. Operational Improvement and Restructuring Efforts 
70. 
In tandem with this investigation, the Debtor’s new independent management 
undertook substantial operational initiatives to stabilize and improve operations at the Plant and to 
identify a value-maximizing path forward. 
1. 
Operational Improvements 
71. 
Since the Debtor’s transition to independent management, the Debtor and its 
advisors have focused on stabilizing operations, rebuilding the workforce, strengthening vendor 
and commercial relationships, improving regulatory compliance, and preserving and enhancing 
the value of the Plant. 
72. 
Those efforts have produced substantial and measurable improvements in a 
relatively short period of time.  Among other things: 
• The Debtor has undertaken a significant workforce stabilization initiative.  Since the 
beginning of 2026, the Debtor has hired thirty people, and has successfully returned 
certain employees who quit under prior management.  The Debtor has also given its 
employees raises and improved benefits to improve employee retention and 
competitiveness in the labor market. 
 
• The Debtor increased staffing levels and expanded Plant shift coverage, measures that 
Case 26-11169-KBO    Doc 10    Filed 07/27/26    Page 23 of 32

=== page 24 ===
 
24 
 
have improved operational reliability while addressing longstanding concerns raised 
by Plant personnel. 
 
• The Debtor renegotiated and improved key commercial arrangements relating to coal 
supply and transportation, resulting in materially more favorable terms.  In addition, 
the Debtor undertook significant environmental remediation efforts, including the 
proper management and disposal of more than 120,000 tons of CCR waste that had 
accumulated on-site, while maintaining an open and cooperative dialogue with the 
West Virginia Department of Environmental Protection. 
 
• The Debtor has worked collaboratively with PJM to address issues arising from prior 
management’s capacity-testing practices and has significantly reduced the potential 
economic consequences associated with those practices. 
 
• The Debtor has engaged constructively with FERC and its staff, including by providing 
information and responding to inquiries concerning the operation and management of 
the Plant during the 2023-25 period. 
 
• The Debtor retained experienced technical consultants and industry advisors to assist 
management in evaluating Plant operations, updating operational parameters submitted 
to PJM, and preparing for critical testing and performance events that directly affect 
the Plant’s value. 
 
• The Debtor has facilitated collaboration between Plant personnel and experienced 
operators of comparable generating facilities, enabling the exchange of operational best 
practices and technical expertise. 
 
• The Debtor has completed substantial maintenance and repair work throughout the 
facility and successfully operated the Plant during recent periods of elevated demand, 
including extreme summer weather conditions, thereby contributing to the reliability 
and stability of the regional electric grid. 
2. 
Restructuring Efforts 
73. 
Notwithstanding these financial and operational improvements, the Debtor remains 
in default on the WVEDA Loan, and the Bilt Loan, if legitimate.  The TRAG/RGE Loans likewise 
remain unpaid.  In the months and weeks leading up to the Petition Date, the Debtor and its advisors 
engaged in discussions with key stakeholders, including WVEDA, TRAG/RGE, Quantum, and 
Simon Hodson’s representatives regarding a consensual out-of-court restructuring.  The Debtor’s 
proposal contemplated extending the maturity dates on funded debt and, once operations were 
Case 26-11169-KBO    Doc 10    Filed 07/27/26    Page 24 of 32

=== page 25 ===
 
25 
 
sufficiently stabilized, pursuing a value-maximizing sale.  With the Debtor’s leadership, consensus 
was reached between TRAG/RGE, WVEDA and Pleasants.  But Quantum and Simon Hodson 
would not agree on any restructuring. 
74. 
Consistent with these discussions, in the lead up to this chapter 11 case, the Debtor 
and its management team worked to identify suitable purchasers of the Plant.  To facilitate and 
continue this process post-petition, the Debtor will file a motion with the Court shortly seeking 
approval of bidding procedures to facilitate a robust and competitive marketing and sale process 
for the Plant.  Further, the Debtor is in process of selecting a qualified and experienced investment 
banker to implement the ongoing value maximizing marketing and sale process. 
D. Prior Management’s Efforts to Displace Independent Management  
75. 
On July 8, 2026, Omnis Global, Omnis Energy, and Quantum (the “Omnis 
Parties”) filed a complaint in WV State Court5 (defined herein) against TRAG/RGE and Gilbert 
Nathan in his capacities as independent manager of Pleasants and Quantum, seeking emergency 
injunctive relief and alleging, among other things, that TRAG/RGE had breached the A&R 
Forbearance Agreement by failing to provide a payoff letter and that the Omnis Parties were denied 
access to Pleasants’ books and records.  The WV State Court summarily denied the requested 
temporary restraining order, finding that the Omnis Parties had failed to demonstrate a basis for 
emergency relief. 
76. 
On July 16, 2026 entities with an indirect equity interest in the Debtor and affiliated 
with former management (including Angela Chen Sabella, Dynamic Holdings Corporation, 
Dynamic Finance Corporation, and Harmony Trust) attempted to deliver an uncertified paper 
check for $75.64 million to TRAG/RGE’s counsel, asserting that the delivery of such check 
 
5  The litigation proceeding in the Circuit Court of Pleasants County, West Virginia (the “WV State Court”) is 
captioned Omnis Global Technologies, LLC v. TRAG LLC, CC-37-2026-C-14 (the “WV State Court Litigation”). 
Case 26-11169-KBO    Doc 10    Filed 07/27/26    Page 25 of 32

=== page 26 ===
 
26 
 
constituted a repayment in full of the TRAG/RGE Loans.  TRAG/RGE did not accept the check, 
indicating, among other things, that the amount of the check was less than the outstanding balance 
necessary to repay the TRAG/RGE Loans in full, and that TRAG/RGE could not accept such a 
check without additional diligence and necessary information concerning the payor, the source of 
funds, and the suspected related-party transaction.  Given that the proposed paying entities appear 
to be affiliated with the Debtor’s parent and its affiliates, the Independent Manager determined 
that the Payout Attempt may qualify as a “related party transaction” (as it is used in the A&R 
Forbearance Agreement), and such transaction would require the approval of the Independent 
Manager.  As his requests for more information concerning such a transaction had been repeatedly 
rejected, Independent Manager rejected the transaction.   
77. 
On July 20, 2026, Omnis Parties representatives declared that the rejected payment 
had terminated the A&R Forbearance Agreement, and announced an intention to remove 
Mr. Nathan as the Debtor’s Independent Manager, and reinstall the Debtor’s former leadership.  In 
subsequent correspondence from the Omnis Parties to Pleasants, the Omnis Parties maintain that 
Mr. Nathan is no longer the Independent Manager of Pleasants, and that Charles Gassenheimer 
now has assumed control of Pleasants as a director.  
78. 
In response, TRAG and RGE filed an answer and counterclaims against the Omnis 
Parties in the WV State Court Litigation, arguing that the Omnis Parties breached the A&R 
Forbearance Agreement, refused to provide information necessary to verify the purported payoff, 
and that the attempted payoff by Angela Chen Sabella—an individual known to have a relationship 
with the Omnis Parties—constituted a “related party transaction” requiring the Independent 
Manager’s authorization (which was absent).  TRAG/RGE simultaneously filed a motion for a 
Case 26-11169-KBO    Doc 10    Filed 07/27/26    Page 26 of 32

=== page 27 ===
 
27 
 
temporary restraining order and preliminary injunction to preserve the current governance and 
operational status quo.  Mr. Nathan filed a joinder in support of that motion.   
79. 
On July 24, 2026, the WV State Court denied the TRAG/RGE request for a 
temporary restraining order and preliminary injunction.  The Omnis Parties and TRAG/RGE’s 
claims remain outstanding.  While the court made no express legal or factual findings (other than 
a general finding that the requirements for injunctive relief had not been met), the Omnis Parties 
have presented that denial as the court’s approval of their impermissible attempt to remove Mr. 
Nathan.  The Omnis Parties notified plant personnel directly, the Debtor’s counterparties, WVEDA 
and others that Mr. Nathan is no longer the Independent Manager at Pleasants.  They even 
announced their intent to appear at the Plant premises on Monday, July 26, and to enter the 
premises, by force if necessary, in reliance on their purported legal rights.  
80. 
The facts and circumstances surrounding the Debtor make clear that, to truly 
maximize value, a chapter 11 process is necessary.  There was no other means by which to remove 
the overhang of the Omnis Parties’ fraudulent conduct, financial defaults, and persistent efforts to 
exert control over an asset for their personal gain, regardless of the consequences to others.  And 
while the Debtor’s reasonable judgment may have been that a chapter 11 case would be necessary 
eventually, the aggressive and reckless actions of the Omnis Parties over the past several weeks 
made it clear that the Debtor could not wait to commence a chapter 11 case and risk further value 
erosion by the actions of the Omnis Parties.  The Debtor’s mission in this chapter 11 case is simple 
and clear:  to preserve and maximize the value that current independent management has begun to 
carefully rebuild, and to investigate and prosecute claims against former management for the 
benefit of its stakeholders who have paid the price all along the way.  
Case 26-11169-KBO    Doc 10    Filed 07/27/26    Page 27 of 32

=== page 28 ===
 
28 
 
PART IV 
EVIDENTIARY SUPPORT FOR FIRST DAY MOTIONS 
81. 
The Debtor concurrently filed First Day Motions seeking relief necessary to 
stabilize business operations and facilitate a smooth transition into the chapter 11 case: 
A. Administrative Pleadings  
i. Debtor’s Application for Entry of an Order Authorizing the Debtor to 
Retain Stretto, Inc. as Claims and Noticing Agent, Effective as of the 
Petition Date.  
B. Operational and Scheduling Pleadings 
i. Debtor’s Motion for Interim and Final Orders (I) Authorizing (A) Payment 
of Prepetition Wages, Salaries, and Related Workforce Obligations and 
(B) Continuation of Benefits Programs; and (II) Granting Related Relief;  
ii. Debtor’s Motion for Entry of Interim and Final Orders (I) Authorizing the 
Debtor To (A) Continue to Operate Its Cash Management System and 
Honor Prepetition Obligations Related Thereto, (B) Maintain Existing 
Bank Accounts, and (C) Maintain Existing Business Forms; (II) Suspending 
the Time to Comply with 11 U.S.C. § 345(b); and (III) Granting Related 
Relief; 
iii. Debtor’s Motion for Entry of Interim and Final Orders (I) Authorizing 
Debtor to Pay Prepetition Claims of Critical Vendors, Lienholders, and 
503(B)(9) Claimants; (II) Confirming Administrative Expense Priority of 
Outstanding Orders; (III) Directing Financial Institutions to Honor and 
Process Payments in Connection Therewith; and (IV) Granting Related 
Relief; 
iv. Debtor’s Motion for Entry of Interim and Final Orders (I) Approving 
Debtor’s Proposed Adequate Assurance of Payment for Future Utility 
Services; (II) Establishing Procedures for Resolving Objections by Utility 
Providers; (III) Prohibiting Utility Providers from Altering, Refusing, or 
Discontinuing Services; and (IV) Granting Related Relief;  
v. Debtor’s Motion for Entry of Interim and Final Orders (I) Authorizing the 
Payment of Certain Prepetition Taxes and Fees and (II) Granting Related 
Relief;  
vi. Debtor’s Motion for Entry of Interim and Final Orders (I) Authorizing the 
Debtor to Continue Prepetition Hedging Arrangement and Honor Any 
Obligations Related Thereto, (II) Authorizing the Debtor to Enter Into, and 
Perform Under, Postpetition Hedging Arrangements, (III) Modifying the 
Automatic Stay, and (IV) Granting Related Relief; and  
Case 26-11169-KBO    Doc 10    Filed 07/27/26    Page 28 of 32

=== page 29 ===
 
29 
 
vii. Debtor’s Motion for Entry of Interim and Final Orders (I) Authorizing 
Debtor to (A) Maintain Prepetition Insurance Policies and Surety Bonds, 
and Pay Related Prepetition Obligations Arising Thereunder, and (B) 
Renew, Replace, Supplement or Otherwise Modify Such Insurance Policies 
and Surety Bonds; (II) Modifying the Automatic Stay with Respect to The 
Workers’ Compensation Program; and (III) Granting Related Relief. 
 
*** 
82. 
The relief sought in the various First Day Motions will allow the Debtor to, among 
other things, (i) establish certain administrative procedures to promote a seamless transition into 
and through chapter 11, (ii) ensure the continuation of its business operations and cash 
management system without interruption, and (iii) preserve valuable relationships with trade 
vendors and other creditors whose claims are not expected to be impaired in the bankruptcy 
proceeding. 
83. 
I am familiar with the content and substance of the First Day Motions and the facts 
referenced therein are incorporated herein by reference.  The facts stated therein are true and 
correct to the best of my knowledge, information, and belief, and I believe that the relief sought in 
each of the First Day Motions is necessary to enable the Debtor to operate in chapter 11 with 
minimal disruption to its business operations and constitutes a critical element in successfully 
restructuring the Debtor’s business. If asked to testify as to the facts supporting each First Day 
Motion, I would testify as to such facts.  
84. 
It is my belief that the relief sought in the First Day Motions is necessary to the 
success of the Debtor’s chapter 11 efforts and the maximization of the value of the Debtor’s estate 
through the restructuring process described herein.  
85. 
Several First Day Motions request authority to pay certain prepetition claims. I am 
advised by the Debtor’s proposed counsel that Bankruptcy Rule 6003 provides, in relevant part, 
that the Court shall not consider motions to pay prepetition claims during the first 21 days 
Case 26-11169-KBO    Doc 10    Filed 07/27/26    Page 29 of 32

=== page 30 ===
30 
following the filing of a chapter 11 petition, “except to the extent relief is necessary to avoid 
immediate and irreparable harm.” Given this requirement, the Debtor has limited its requests for 
immediate authority to pay prepetition claims to those circumstances where the failure to pay such 
claims would cause immediate and irreparable harm to the Debtor and its estate.  I have consulted 
with the Debtor’s advisors regarding each First Day Motion.  The relief sought therein is necessary 
and in the best interests of the Debtor’s estate, as it will allow the Debtor to operate with minimal 
disruption during the chapter 11 case.  The requests for immediate relief have been narrowly 
tailored to avoid immediate and irreparable harm to the estate. 
*** 
[Remainder of Page Intentionally Left Blank] 
Case 26-11169-KBO    Doc 10    Filed 07/27/26    Page 30 of 32

=== page 31 ===
 
31 
 
Pursuant to 28 U.S.C. § 1746, I declare under penalty of perjury that the foregoing 
statements are true and correct to the best of my knowledge, information, and belief. 
Dated: July 27, 2026 
/s/ David R. Hindman 
   
Name:  David R. Hindman 
Title:  Chief Executive Officer of Omnis        
Pleasants, LLC 
 
Case 26-11169-KBO    Doc 10    Filed 07/27/26    Page 31 of 32

=== page 32 ===
 
 
Exhibit A 
 
Case 26-11169-KBO    Doc 10    Filed 07/27/26    Page 32 of 32

