=== page 1 ===
Case 25-90669   Document 228   Filed in TXSB on 11/20/25   Page 1 of 12

IN THE UNITED STATES BANKRUPTCY COURT

FOR THE SOUTHERN DISTRICT OF TEXAS

HOUSTON DIVISION

------------------------------------------------------------ x

: 
In re: 
: 
Chapter 11 
: 
PINE GATE RENEWABLES, LLC, et al., 
: 
Case No. 25-90669 (CML) 
: 
Debtors1 
: 
(Jointly Administered) 
: 
------------------------------------------------------------ x

DEBTORS’ APPLICATION FOR ENTRY OF AN ORDER AUTHORIZING 
THE EMPLOYMENT AND RETENTION OF LATHAM & WATKINS LLP AS

BANKRUPTCY CO-COUNSEL EFFECTIVE AS OF THE PETITION DATE

If you object to the relief requested, you must respond in writing.  Unless otherwise directed by 
the Court, you must file your response electronically at https://ecf.txsb.uscourts.gov/ within 
twenty-one days from the date this application was filed.  If you do not have electronic filing 
privileges, you must file a written objection that is actually received by the clerk within twenty-
one days from the date this application was filed.  Otherwise, the Court may treat the pleading 
as unopposed and grant the relief requested.

The above-captioned debtors and debtors in possession (collectively, the “Debtors”)

respectfully request entry of an order authorizing the Debtors to employ and

retain Latham & Watkins LLP (“L&W”) effective as of the Petition Date (as defined below).  In

support of this application (the “Application”), the Debtors rely on and incorporate by reference

(a) the declaration of Andrew M. Parlen, a partner at L&W, which is attached hereto as Exhibit A

(the “Parlen Declaration”), and (b) the declaration of Judith Hall, Chief Legal Officer and General

Counsel of Pine Gate Renewables, LLC, which is attached hereto as Exhibit B (the “Retention

Declaration”).  In further support of this Application, the Debtors represent as follows:

1  
A complete list of each of the Debtors in these chapter 11 cases (the “Chapter 11 Cases”) and the last four digits 
of each Debtor’s taxpayer identification number (if applicable) may be obtained on the website of the Debtors’ 
claims and noticing agent at https://omniagentsolutions.com/PGR.  The Debtors’ mailing address for the purposes 
of the Chapter 11 Cases is 130 Roberts Street, Asheville, North Carolina 28801.

US-DOCS\164985087

=== page 2 ===
Case 25-90669   Document 228   Filed in TXSB on 11/20/25   Page 2 of 12

JURISDICTION AND VENUE

1. 
The United States Bankruptcy Court for the Southern District of Texas

(the “Court”) has jurisdiction to consider this Application under 28 U.S.C. §§ 157 and 1334.  This

is a core proceeding pursuant to 28 U.S. C. § 157(b) and this Court may enter a final order

consistent with Article III of the United States Constitution.  Venue is proper under

28 U.S.C. §§ 1408 and 1409.

2. 
The statutory and legal predicates for the relief requested herein are section 327(a)

of title 11 of the United States Code (the “Bankruptcy Code”), rules 2014 and 2016 of the Federal

Rules of Bankruptcy Procedure (the “Bankruptcy Rules”), rules 2014-1 and 2016-1 of the

Bankruptcy Local Rules for the Southern District of Texas (the “Bankruptcy Local Rules”), and

the Procedures for Complex Cases in the Southern District of Texas (the “Complex Case

Procedures”).

BACKGROUND

3. 
On November 6, 2025 (the “Petition Date”), the Debtors filed voluntary petitions

for relief under chapter 11 of the Bankruptcy Code.  The Debtors continue to operate their

businesses and manage their properties as debtors in possession under sections 1107(a) and 1108

of the Bankruptcy Code. No trustee or examiner has been appointed in the Chapter 11 Cases.  On

November 19, 2025, the Office of the U.S. Trustee appointed an official committee of unsecured

creditors [Docket No. 225].

4. 
The Chapter 11 Cases are being jointly administered, for procedural purposes only,

pursuant to Bankruptcy Rule 1015(b) and Bankruptcy Local Rule 1015-1.

5. 
The factual background regarding the Debtors, including their business, their

capital structure, and the events leading to the commencement of the Chapter 11 Cases is set forth

in the Declaration of Ray Shem, President and Chief Financial Officer of the Debtors, in Support

2

=== page 3 ===
Case 25-90669   Document 228   Filed in TXSB on 11/20/25   Page 3 of 12

of Chapter 11 Petitions and First Day Relief (the “First Day Declaration”) [Docket No. 19], which

is incorporated herein by reference.2

RELIEF REQUESTED

6. 
The Debtors seek entry of an order (the “Order”), substantially in the form attached

hereto, authorizing the employment and retention of L&W as co-counsel for the Debtors, effective

as of the Petition Date, in accordance with the terms and conditions of that certain engagement

letter dated July 18, 2025 (the “Engagement Letter”), a copy of which is attached as Exhibit 1 to

the Parlen Declaration and incorporated herein by reference.

L&W’s QUALIFICATIONS

7. 
The Debtors seek to retain L&W because of L&W’s recognized expertise and

extensive experience and knowledge practicing before bankruptcy courts in large and complex

chapter 11 cases and because of L&W’s knowledge of the Debtors’ business and financial affairs.

8. 
L&W and its partners have represented numerous debtors in their bankruptcy

matters, including 2U, Inc., Allen Systems Group, Inc., Alta Mesa Resources, Inc., Audacy, Inc.,

Barretts Minerals, Inc., Chaparral Energy, Inc., Dayton Superior Corporation, DNIB Unwind, Inc.

(f/k/a BIND Therapeutics, Inc.), DocuData Solutions, L.C., Emerge Energy Services LP, Enduro

Resource Partners LLC, First Mode Holdings, Inc., Global Eagle Entertainment Inc., GNC

Holdings, Inc., Hexion Holdings LLC, Hi-Crush Inc., IG Design Group Americas, Inc., Illinois

Power Generating Company, Imerys Talc America, Inc., JOANN Inc., Libbey Glass Inc., Lincoln

Power, L.L.C., Lonestar Resources US Inc., Lucky Brand Dungarees, LLC, Lumileds Holding

B.V., Mallinckrodt plc, MLCJR LLC, ModivCare Inc., Monitronics International, Inc., Nine Point

Energy Holdings, Inc., Pacific Drilling S.A., Paddock Enterprises, LLC, Panda Temple Power,

2  
Capitalized terms used but not defined herein have the meanings ascribed to them in the First Day Declaration.

3

=== page 4 ===
Case 25-90669   Document 228   Filed in TXSB on 11/20/25   Page 4 of 12

LLC, Rentech WP U.S. Inc., Robertshaw US Holding Corp., RunItOneTime LLC, Sable Permian

Resources, LLC, Sienna Biopharmaceuticals, Inc., Starry Group Holdings, Inc., Stone Energy

Corporation, Sundance Energy Inc., Superior Energy Services, Inc., The Container Store Group,

Inc., Virgin Orbit Holdings, Inc., Vital Pharmaceuticals, Inc., Weatherford International plc,

Wolfspeed, Inc., and Zen JV, LLC.

9. 
Since being retained, the Debtors and L&W have worked together closely in an

effort to address the Debtors’ financial issues, including by engaging in negotiations with the

Debtors’ key stakeholders regarding the Debtors’ capital structure and restructuring options and

assisting the Debtors with preparing the Chapter 11 Cases.  As a result, L&W possesses an in-

depth knowledge of the Debtors’ business affairs and capital structure and has gained insight into

many of the legal issues that might arise in the context of the Chapter 11 Cases.  Accordingly, the

Debtors believe that L&W is both well-qualified and uniquely able to represent them in the Chapter

11 Cases and that such representation is critical to the Debtors’ efforts to successfully reorganize

while maximizing value for their estates.

SERVICES TO BE PROVIDED

10. 
The Debtors desire to employ L&W because of, among other reasons, the nature of

the legal services that will be required in connection with the Chapter 11 Cases.  To engage

alternative counsel at this stage of the Debtors’ cases would be disruptive and inefficient and would

likely delay the Debtors’ progress toward a successful reorganization.

11. 
Consistent with the Engagement Letter, the Debtors expect L&W to provide the

following legal services:

a) 
advise the Debtors with respect to their powers and duties as debtors in 
possession in the continued management and operation of their businesses 
and properties;

4

=== page 5 ===
Case 25-90669   Document 228   Filed in TXSB on 11/20/25   Page 5 of 12

b) 
advise and consult on the conduct of the Chapter 11 Cases, including all of 
the legal and administrative requirements of operating in chapter 11;

c) 
advise the Debtors and take all necessary action to protect and preserve the 
Debtors’ estates, including prosecuting actions on the Debtors’ behalf, 
defending any action commenced against the Debtors, and representing the 
Debtors’ interests in negotiations concerning litigation in which the Debtors 
are involved;

d) 
analyze proofs of claim filed against the Debtors and object to such claims 
as necessary;

e) 
represent the Debtors in connection with obtaining authority to continue 
using cash collateral and obtaining postpetition financing;

f) 
attend meetings and negotiate with representatives of creditors, interest 
holders, and other parties in interest;

g) 
analyze executory contracts and unexpired leases, and potential 
assumptions, assignments, or rejections of such contracts and leases;

h) 
prepare pleadings in connection with the Chapter 11 Cases, including 
motions, applications, answers, orders, reports, and papers necessary or 
otherwise beneficial to the administration of the Debtors’ estates;

i) 
advise the Debtors in connection with any potential sale of assets;

j) 
take necessary action on behalf of the Debtors to obtain approval of a 
disclosure statement and confirmation of a chapter 11 plan;

k) 
appear before this Court or any appellate courts to protect the interests of 
the Debtors’ estates before those courts;

l) 
advise on corporate, litigation, regulatory, finance, tax, employee benefits, 
and other legal matters; and

m) 
perform all other necessary legal services for the Debtors in connection 
with the Chapter 11 Cases.

12. 
Concurrently with the filing of this Application, the Debtors are filing an

application to retain Hunton Andrews Kurth LLP (“Hunton”) as their bankruptcy co-counsel and

conflicts counsel, where necessary.  Because L&W and Hunton will have well-defined and distinct

roles, each counsel will not duplicate the services the other provides to the Debtors.  L&W will

5

=== page 6 ===
Case 25-90669   Document 228   Filed in TXSB on 11/20/25   Page 6 of 12

coordinate with Hunton and any other counsel the Debtors retain in the Chapter 11 Cases, to ensure

that the legal services each firm provides to the Debtors are not duplicative.

13. 
The Debtors also have filed or intend to file applications to employ other

professionals.  L&W has advised the Debtors that it intends to carefully monitor the efforts of these

other retained professionals and coordinate with such professionals to delineate clearly their

respective duties in order to prevent duplication of effort, whenever possible.  The efficient

coordination of the efforts of the Debtors’ attorneys and other professionals will greatly add to the

effective administration of the Chapter 11 Cases.

PROFESSIONAL COMPENSATION

14. 
L&W operates in a national marketplace for legal services in which rates are driven

by multiple factors relating to the individual lawyer, his or her area of specialization, the firm’s

expertise, performance, and reputation, the nature of the work involved, and other factors.

L&W’s hourly rates are designed to compensate L&W fairly for the work of its attorneys and

paralegals and to cover fixed and routine overhead expenses.

15. 
L&W’s current hourly rates are set forth in the Parlen Declaration.  Hourly rates

vary with the experience and seniority of the individuals assigned and are subject to periodic

adjustments to reflect economic and other conditions.3  L&W will be increasing its rates effective

January 1, 2026 and will provide separate notice of such increase.  Except as may otherwise be set

forth in the Parlen Declaration (e.g., paragraph 19 therein), L&W did not agree to any variations

from, or alternatives to, its standard or customary billing arrangements for this engagement, and

3  
L&W increases the hourly billing rate of attorneys and paraprofessionals in the form of (a) step increases 
historically awarded in the ordinary course of business on the basis of advancing seniority and promotion and 
(b) periodic increases within each attorney’s and paraprofessional’s current level of seniority.  The step increases 
do not constitute “rate increases” (as the term is used in the U.S. Trustee Guidelines (as defined below)).  As set 
forth in the Order, L&W will provide ten business-days’ notice to the Debtors, the U.S. Trustee, and the Creditors’ 
Committee before implementing any periodic increases, and will file any such notice with the Court.

6

=== page 7 ===
Case 25-90669   Document 228   Filed in TXSB on 11/20/25   Page 7 of 12

none of the L&W professionals included in this engagement will vary his or her rate based on the

geographic location of the Chapter 11 Cases.

16. 
Other than (a) the adjustments described above and as set forth in the Parlen

Declaration and (b) a postpetition 50% discount applied to rates charged for non-working travel

time, L&W’s hourly rates and the financial terms of the engagement proposed herein are consistent

with the rates and terms of L&W’s prepetition engagement.  As described in the Retention

Declaration, the Debtors have reviewed and approved L&W’s standard rate structure and

understand that it is appropriate and comparable to (a) the rates that L&W charges for

non-bankruptcy representations or (b) the rates of other comparably skilled professionals.

17. 
Consistent with the Engagement Letter and L&W’s policy with respect to its other

clients, L&W will continue to charge the Debtors for all services provided and for other charges

and disbursements incurred in the rendition of services.  It is L&W’s policy to charge its clients in

all areas of practice for identifiable, non-overhead expenses incurred in connection with the

client’s case that would not have been incurred except for representation of that particular client.

It is also L&W’s policy to charge its clients only the amount actually incurred by L&W in

connection with such items.

18. 
During the Chapter 11 Cases, L&W will apply to the Court for allowance of

compensation for professional services rendered and reimbursement of expenses incurred in the

Chapter 11 Cases in accordance with applicable provisions of the Bankruptcy Code, the

Bankruptcy Rules, the Bankruptcy Local Rules, and any orders entered in the Chapter 11 Cases

governing professional compensation and reimbursement for services rendered and charges and

disbursements incurred.  Such applications will constitute a request for interim payment against

L&W’s reasonable fees and expenses to be determined at the conclusion of the Chapter 11 Cases.

7

=== page 8 ===
Case 25-90669   Document 228   Filed in TXSB on 11/20/25   Page 8 of 12

COMPENSATION RECEIVED BY L&W FROM THE DEBTORS

19. 
As of the Petition Date, the Debtors did not owe L&W any amounts for legal

services rendered before the Petition Date, and L&W is not a creditor of the Debtors.

20. 
As set forth in the Parlen Declaration, during the 90-day period prior to the Petition

Date, L&W received payments and advances in the aggregate amount of $17,699,151.18 for

services performed and expenses incurred, and to be performed and incurred, including in

preparation for the commencement of the Chapter 11 Cases.  All payments were in the form of

retainers for the advance payment of subsequent invoices (the “Fee Advance”).  The balance of

the Fee Advance is $0.  L&W wrote-off and waived any fees owing in excess of the Fee Advance

as of the Petition Date.  Accordingly, Latham is not a creditor of the Debtors.

L&W’S DISINTERESTEDNESS

21. 
To the best of the Debtors’ knowledge, and except as otherwise disclosed in the

Parlen Declaration, the partners, counsel, and associates of L&W (a) do not have any connection

with any of the Debtors, their affiliates, their creditors, any other party in interest, the U.S. Trustee

or any person employed in the office of the same, or any judge in the United States Bankruptcy

Court for the Southern District of Texas or any person employed in the offices of the same; (b) are

“disinterested persons,” as that term is defined in section 101(14) of the Bankruptcy Code, as

modified by section 1107(b) of the Bankruptcy Code; and (c) do not hold or represent any interest

adverse to the Debtors’ estates.  The Debtors will utilize Hunton as necessary or retain separate

conflicts counsel if neither L&W nor Hunton available for a particular matter.4

4  
In the event the Debtors seek to employ and retain separate conflicts counsel in connection with the Chapter 
11 Cases to handle matters that the Debtors may encounter that cannot be handled appropriately by L&W or 
Hunton because of a conflict of interest, then the Debtors intend that the services of such conflicts counsel shall 
complement, and not duplicate, the services to be rendered by L&W and Hunton.  Moreover, the responsibilities 
of such conflicts counsel shall be confined to discrete legal matters that are distinct from the matters handled by 
L&W and Hunton.  Conflicts counsel shall act on its own and will not act under the direct supervision of L&W.

8

=== page 9 ===
Case 25-90669   Document 228   Filed in TXSB on 11/20/25   Page 9 of 12

22. 
As disclosed in the Parlen Declaration, L&W has in the past represented, currently

represents, and likely in the future will represent, certain parties in interest in the Chapter 11 Cases.

Except as set forth in the Parlen Declaration, all such representations are or were in connection

with matters wholly unrelated to the Debtors and the Chapter 11 Cases.  Pursuant to section 327(c)

of the Bankruptcy Code, L&W is not disqualified from acting as the Debtors’ co-counsel merely

because it has represented or currently represents certain parties in interest in matters unrelated to

the Chapter 11 Cases.

23. 
The Debtors understand that L&W will continue to conduct periodic conflicts

analyses to determine whether it is performing or has performed services for any significant parties

in interest in the Chapter 11 Cases and will promptly file a supplemental declaration as required

by Bankruptcy Rule 2014(a) to disclose any material developments regarding the Debtors or any

other pertinent relationships that come to L&W’s attention.

BASIS FOR RELIEF

24. 
The Debtors seek retention and employment of L&W as their co-counsel pursuant

to section 327(a) of the Bankruptcy Code, which provides that a debtor, subject to Court approval:

[M]ay employ one or more attorneys, accountants, 
appraisers, auctioneers, or other professional persons, that do 
not hold or represent an interest adverse to the estate, and 
that are disinterested persons, to represent or assist the 
[debtor] in carrying out the [debtor]’s duties under this title. 
 
11 U.S.C. § 327(a).

25. 
Bankruptcy Rule 2014(a) requires that an application for retention include:

[S]pecific facts showing the necessity for the employment, 
the name of the [firm] to be employed, the reasons for the 
selection, the professional services to be rendered, any

Indeed, the Debtors are extremely mindful of the need to avoid duplication of services and appropriate procedures 
will be implemented to ensure that there is no such duplication.

9

=== page 10 ===
Case 25-90669   Document 228   Filed in TXSB on 11/20/25   Page 10 of 12

proposed arrangement for compensation, and, to the best of 
the applicant’s knowledge, all of the [firm’s] connections 
with the debtor, creditors, any other party in interest, their 
respective attorneys and accountants, the United States 
trustee, or any person employed in the office of the United 
States trustee. 
 
Fed. R. Bankr. P. 2014.

26. 
The Debtors submit that for all the reasons stated above and in the Parlen

Declaration and the Retention Declaration, the retention and employment of L&W is necessary

and in the best interest of the Debtors, their estates, and their creditors and should be approved.

Further, as stated in the Parlen Declaration, L&W is a “disinterested person” within the meaning

of section 101(14) of the Bankruptcy Code, as required by section 327(a) of the Bankruptcy Code,

and L&W does not hold or represent an interest adverse to the Debtors’ estates and has no

connection to the Debtors, their creditors, or other parties in interest, except as may be disclosed

in the Parlen Declaration.

NOTICE

27. 
Notice of this Application will be given to the parties on the Debtors’ Master

Service List.  A copy of this Application is available on (a) the Court’s website, at

www.txs.uscourts.gov and (b) the website maintained by the Debtors’ claims and noticing agent,

Omni Agent Solutions, Inc., at https://omniagentsolutions.com/PGR.

[Remainder of Page Intentionally Left Blank]

10

=== page 11 ===
Case 25-90669   Document 228   Filed in TXSB on 11/20/25   Page 11 of 12

WHEREFORE, the Debtors respectfully request that the Court enter the proposed Order

granting the relief requested in this Application and such other and further relief as the Court may

deem just and proper.

Dated:  November 20, 2025

/s/  Judith Hall 
 
Name: Judith Hall 
Title: Chief Legal Officer and General Counsel

11

=== page 12 ===
Case 25-90669   Document 228   Filed in TXSB on 11/20/25   Page 12 of 12

CERTIFICATE OF SERVICE

I certify that on November 20, 2025, a true and correct copy of the foregoing document 
was served by the Electronic Case Filing System for the United States Bankruptcy Court for the 
Southern District of Texas on those parties registered to receive electronic notices.

/s/  Timothy A. (“Tad”) Davidson II  
 
 
Timothy A. (“Tad”) Davidson II

