=== page 1 ===
Case 25-90669   Document 229-3   Filed in TXSB on 11/20/25   Page 1 of 4

IN THE UNITED STATES BANKRUPTCY COURT

FOR THE SOUTHERN DISTRICT OF TEXAS

HOUSTON DIVISION

------------------------------------------------------------

In re:

Chapter 11

PINE GATE RENEWABLES, LLC, et al.,

Case No. 25-90669 (CML)

Debtors.1

(Jointly Administered)

------------------------------------------------------------

x 
: 
: 
: 
: 
: 
: 
: 
x

ORDER AUTHORIZING THE EMPLOYMENT AND 
RETENTION OF HUNTON ANDREWS KURTH LLP AS BANKRUPTCY

CO-COUNSEL FOR THE DEBTORS AND DEBTORS-IN-POSSESSION

EFFECTIVE AS OF THE PETITION DATE

[Relates to Docket No.    ]

Upon the application (the “Application”) 2 of the Debtors for an order (this “Order”)

authorizing the Debtors to employ and retain Hunton Andrews Kurth LLP (“Hunton”) as their

bankruptcy co-counsel and conflicts counsel, where necessary; and the Court having reviewed the

Application and the Davidson Declaration; and the Court having jurisdiction to consider the

Application and the relief requested therein in accordance with 28 U.S.C. § 1334; and the Court

having found that this is a core proceeding pursuant to 28 U.S.C. § 157(b)(2) and that the Court

may enter a final order consistent with Article III of the United States Constitution; and the Court

having found that venue of this proceeding and the Application in this district is proper pursuant

to 28 U.S.C. §§ 1408 and 1409; and it appearing that proper and adequate notice of the Application

has been given and that no other or further notice is necessary; and it appearing that Hunton does

1  
A complete list of each of the Debtors in these chapter 11 cases (the “Chapter 11 Cases”) and the last four digits 
of each Debtor’s taxpayer identification number (if applicable) may be obtained on the website of the Debtors’ 
claims and noticing agent at https://omniagentsolutions.com/PGR.  The Debtors’ mailing address for the purposes 
of the Chapter 11 Cases is 130 Roberts Street, Asheville, North Carolina 28801.

2  
Capitalized terms used but not defined herein have the meanings given to them in the Application.

=== page 2 ===
Case 25-90669   Document 229-3   Filed in TXSB on 11/20/25   Page 2 of 4

not hold or represent any interest materially adverse to the Debtors’ estates and is a “disinterested

person” as defined in section 101(14) of the Bankruptcy Code; and upon the record herein; and

after due deliberation thereon; and the Court having determined that there is good and sufficient

cause for the relief granted in this Order, it is hereby

ORDERED THAT:

1. 
The Debtors are authorized to retain and employ Hunton as their bankruptcy co-

counsel and conflicts counsel, where necessary, in accordance with the terms and conditions set

forth in the Application and in the Engagement Letter attached to the Application, as modified by

this Order.

2. 
Hunton shall apply for compensation for professional services rendered and

reimbursement of expenses and be compensated in accordance with the applicable procedures set

forth in sections 330 and 331 of the Bankruptcy Code, the Bankruptcy Rules, the Bankruptcy Local

Rules, the Complex Case Procedures, and further orders of this Court for all services performed

and expenses incurred on or after the Petition Date.  For billing purposes, Hunton will record its

time in one-tenth (1/10) hour increments.

3. 
Hunton shall file a notice on the Court’s docket regarding any additional increases

in the rates set forth in the Application not less than ten (10) days prior to the effectiveness of such

increases unless such additional increases are already disclosed in the Application and/or

Engagement Letter.  The U.S. Trustee retains all rights to object to any rate increase on all grounds,

including the reasonableness standard set forth in section 330 of the Bankruptcy Code.

4. 
Hunton shall not charge a markup to the Debtors with respect to fees billed by

contract attorneys who are hired by Hunton to provide services to the Debtors and shall ensure that

2

=== page 3 ===
Case 25-90669   Document 229-3   Filed in TXSB on 11/20/25   Page 3 of 4

any such contract attorneys are subject to conflict checks and disclosures in accordance with the

requirements of the Bankruptcy Code and Bankruptcy Rules.

5. 
Hunton will review its files periodically during the pendency of the Chapter 11

Cases to ensure that no conflicts or other disqualifying circumstances exist or arise. If any new

relevant facts or relationships are discovered or arise, Hunton will use reasonable efforts to identify

such further developments and will promptly file a supplemental declaration, as required by Fed.

R. Bankr. P. 2014(a).

6. 
Notwithstanding anything to the contrary in the Application, the Engagement

Letter, or the Davidson Declaration attached to the Application, any provisions allowing the

reimbursement of fees and expenses incurred in connection with participating in, preparing for, or

responding to any action, claim, suit, or proceeding brought by or against any party that relates to

the legal services provided under the Engagement Letter and fees for defending any objection to

Hunton’s fee applications under the Bankruptcy Code are not approved absent further order of the

Court.

7. 
To the extent of any inconsistency between the Engagement Letter, on the one hand,

and the Application and this Order, on the other hand, including any inconsistency with respect to

the scope of Hunton’s representation of the Debtors, the Application and this Order shall govern

in all respects.

8. 
Hunton shall use its reasonable efforts to avoid any duplication of services provided

by any of the Debtors’ other retained professionals in the Chapter 11 Cases.

9. 
To the extent that there may be any inconsistency between the terms of the

Application, the Davidson Declaration, the Engagement Letter, and this Order, the terms of this

Order shall govern.

3

=== page 4 ===
Case 25-90669   Document 229-3   Filed in TXSB on 11/20/25   Page 4 of 4

10.
Notwithstanding any Bankruptcy Rule to the contrary, this Order shall be effective

and enforceable immediately upon its entry.

11.
The Debtors are authorized to take all actions necessary to effectuate the relief

granted in this Order.

12.
This Court retains exclusive jurisdiction with respect to all matters arising from or

related to the implementation, interpretation, and enforcement of this Order.

Signed:

UNITED STATES BANKRUPTCY JUDGE

4

