=== page 1 ===
Case 25-90669   Document 228-2   Filed in TXSB on 11/20/25   Page 1 of 5

Exhibit B

Retention Declaration

=== page 2 ===
Case 25-90669   Document 228-2   Filed in TXSB on 11/20/25   Page 2 of 5

IN THE UNITED STATES BANKRUPTCY COURT

FOR THE SOUTHERN DISTRICT OF TEXAS

HOUSTON DIVISION

------------------------------------------------------------ x

: 
In re: 
: 
Chapter 11 
: 
PINE GATE RENEWABLES, LLC, et al., 
: 
Case No. 25-90669 (CML) 
: 
Debtors1 
: 
(Jointly Administered) 
: 
------------------------------------------------------------ x

DECLARATION OF JUDITH HALL, 
CHIEF LEGAL OFFICER AND GENERAL COUNSEL OF PINE GATE

RENEWABLES, LLC, IN SUPPORT OF DEBTORS’ APPLICATION  
FOR ENTRY OF AN ORDER AUTHORIZING EMPLOYMENT AND

RETENTION OF LATHAM & WATKINS LLP AS BANKRUPTCY

CO-COUNSEL EFFECTIVE AS OF THE PETITION DATE

I, Judith Hall, declare as follows:

1. 
I am over the age of eighteen, am authorized to submit this declaration, and am

competent to testify on the matters contained herein.

2. 
I am the Chief Legal Officer and General Counsel of Pine Gate Renewables, LLC

(collectively with its debtor affiliates in the above-captioned chapter 11 cases, the “Debtors” or

the “Company”).  In this capacity, I am familiar with the Debtors’ day-to-day operations, business,

financial affairs and books and records.  As part of my responsibilities, I am involved with the

supervision of outside counsel and with the monitoring and control of legal costs.

3. 
I submit this declaration (the “Retention Declaration”) in support of the Debtors’

Application for Entry of an Order Authorizing the Employment and Retention of Latham &

1  
A complete list of each of the Debtors in these chapter 11 cases (the “Chapter 11 Cases”) and the last four digits 
of each Debtor’s taxpayer identification number (if applicable) may be obtained on the website of the Debtors’ 
claims and noticing agent at https://omniagentsolutions.com/PGR.  The Debtors’ mailing address for the purposes 
of the Chapter 11 Cases is 130 Roberts Street, Asheville, North Carolina 28801.

=== page 3 ===
Case 25-90669   Document 228-2   Filed in TXSB on 11/20/25   Page 3 of 5

Watkins LLP as Bankruptcy Co-Counsel Effective as of the Petition Date (the “Application”).2

Except as otherwise noted, all facts in this Retention Declaration are based on my personal

knowledge of the matters set forth herein, information gathered from my review of relevant

documents, and information supplied to me by other members of the Debtors’ management and

the Debtors’ advisors.

THE DEBTORS’ SELECTION OF COUNSEL

4. 
The Debtors recognize that a comprehensive review process is necessary when

selecting and managing chapter 11 counsel to ensure that bankruptcy professionals are subject to

the same client-driven market forces, scrutiny, and accountability as professionals in non-

bankruptcy engagements.

5. 
Before selecting L&W to serve as their attorneys prior to and in the Chapter 11

Cases, the Debtors considered, among other things, another potential firm to provide restructuring

related services and L&W’s prepetition role in advising the Debtors with respect to various

restructuring and contingency planning issues, including both potential in-court and out-of-court

strategies.  The Debtors chose L&W based upon its reputation and experience in the restructuring

field generally and upon the Debtors’ particular circumstances, including the complexity of the

contemplated restructuring.

6. 
Since being retained, the Debtors and L&W have worked together closely in an

effort to address the Debtors’ financial circumstances, including by engaging in negotiations with

the Debtors’ key stakeholders regarding the Debtors’ capital structure and restructuring options

and assisting the Debtors with preparing the Chapter 11 Cases.  As a result, L&W has become

2  
Capitalized terms used but not otherwise defined herein shall have the meanings ascribed to them in the 
Application.

2

=== page 4 ===
Case 25-90669   Document 228-2   Filed in TXSB on 11/20/25   Page 4 of 5

familiar with the Debtors’ businesses and capital structure, and many of the legal issues that may

arise in the context of the Chapter 11 Cases.

7. 
L&W thus possesses an in-depth knowledge of the Debtors’ business affairs and

capital structure and has gained insight into many of the legal issues that might arise in the context

of the Chapter 11 Cases.

8. 
For the reasons set forth above, I believe that L&W is both well-qualified and

uniquely able to represent the Debtors in the Chapter 11 Cases.  Thus, the Debtors decided to

continue to retain L&W as the Debtors’ bankruptcy co-counsel during the Chapter 11 Cases.

PROFESSIONAL COMPENSATION

9. 
In my capacity as Chief Legal Officer and General Counsel, I am involved in the

Debtors’ retention and supervision of certain outside professional services firms, including the

professionals proposed to be retained in the Chapter 11 Cases.

10. 
Prior to the engagement of L&W, I approved L&W’s standard billing rates and the

material terms of the engagement.  Based on the Debtors’ evaluation of another law firm prior to

retaining L&W, I can confirm that L&W’s rates and terms are comparable to those of other

comparably skilled professionals.  Additionally, L&W has informed the Debtors that its rates for

bankruptcy representations are comparable to the rates it charges for non-bankruptcy

representations.

11. 
I am responsible for reviewing the invoices submitted by L&W and can confirm

that the rates L&W charged the Debtors in the prepetition period are consistent with the rates L&W

will charge the Debtors in the postpetition period other than (a) the adjustments described in the

Application and the Parlen Declaration; and (b) a postpetition 50% discount applied to rates

charged for non-working travel time.

3

=== page 5 ===
Case 25-90669   Document 228-2   Filed in TXSB on 11/20/25   Page 5 of 5

COST SUPERVISION

12. 
The Debtors recognize that it is their responsibility to monitor closely the billing

practices of their counsel to ensure the fees and expenses paid by the Debtors’ estates remain

consistent with the Debtors’ expectations and the exigencies of the Chapter 11 Cases.  The Debtors

will continue to review invoices that L&W submits during the Chapter 11 Cases.

13. 
Pursuant to 28 U.S.C. § 1746, to the best of my knowledge, information and belief,

and after reasonable inquiry, I declare under penalty of perjury that the foregoing is true and

correct.

Dated: November 20, 2025

/s/ Judith Hall 
 
Name: Judith Hall 
Title: Chief Legal Officer and General Counsel

4

