=== page 1 ===
Case 25-90669   Document 228-1   Filed in TXSB on 11/20/25   Page 1 of 66

Exhibit A

Parlen Declaration

=== page 2 ===
Case 25-90669   Document 228-1   Filed in TXSB on 11/20/25   Page 2 of 66

IN THE UNITED STATES BANKRUPTCY COURT

FOR THE SOUTHERN DISTRICT OF TEXAS

HOUSTON DIVISION

------------------------------------------------------------ x

: 
In re: 
: 
Chapter 11 
: 
PINE GATE RENEWABLES, LLC, et al., 
: 
Case No. 25-90669 (CML) 
: 
Debtors1 
: 
(Jointly Administered) 
: 
------------------------------------------------------------ x

DECLARATION OF ANDREW M. PARLEN AND 
DISCLOSURE STATEMENT OF LATHAM & WATKINS LLP

I, Andrew M. Parlen, declare as follows:

1. 
I am a partner in the law firm of Latham & Watkins LLP (“L&W”), an international

law firm with offices across the United States, Europe, and Asia.  I am admitted in, practicing in,

and a member in good standing of the state bars of New York, California, and the District of

Columbia, and there are no disciplinary proceedings pending against me.  I am over the age of

eighteen, am authorized to submit this declaration, and am competent to testify on the matters

contained herein.

2. 
I submit this declaration to provide disclosure in connection with the Debtors’

Application for Entry of an Order Authorizing the Employment and Retention

of  Latham & Watkins LLP as Bankruptcy Co-Counsel Effective as of the Petition Date (the

“Application”),2 by which the above-captioned debtors and debtors-in-possession (together,

1  
A complete list of each of the Debtors in these chapter 11 cases (the “Chapter 11 Cases”) and the last four digits 
of each Debtor’s taxpayer identification number (if applicable) may be obtained on the website of the Debtors’ 
claims and noticing agent at https://omniagentsolutions.com/PGR.  The Debtors’ mailing address for the purposes 
of the Chapter 11 Cases is 130 Roberts Street, Asheville, North Carolina 28801.

2  
Capitalized terms used but not otherwise defined herein shall have the meanings ascribed to them in the 
Application.

=== page 3 ===
Case 25-90669   Document 228-1   Filed in TXSB on 11/20/25   Page 3 of 66

the “Debtors”) seek authority to employ and retain L&W as bankruptcy co-counsel effective as of

the Petition Date.

3. 
Except as otherwise indicated, all facts set forth in this declaration are based upon

my personal knowledge, information supplied to me by other L&W professionals or

paraprofessionals, or learned from my review of relevant documents.  To the extent any

information disclosed herein requires amendment or modification as additional information

becomes available to L&W, a supplemental declaration will be submitted to this Court reflecting

such amended or modified information.

L&W’S QUALIFICATIONS

4. 
The Debtors seek to retain L&W because of L&W’s recognized expertise and

extensive experience and knowledge practicing before bankruptcy courts in large and complex

chapter 11 cases and because of L&W’s knowledge of the Debtors’ business and financial affairs.

5. 
L&W and its partners have represented numerous debtors in their bankruptcy

matters, including 2U, Inc., Allen Systems Group, Inc., Alta Mesa Resources, Inc., Audacy, Inc.,

Barretts Minerals, Inc., Chaparral Energy, Inc., Dayton Superior Corporation, DNIB Unwind, Inc.

(f/k/a BIND Therapeutics, Inc.), DocuData Solutions, L.C., Emerge Energy Services LP, Enduro

Resource Partners LLC, First Mode Holdings, Inc., Global Eagle Entertainment Inc., GNC

Holdings, Inc., Hexion Holdings LLC, Hi-Crush Inc., IG Design Group Americas, Inc., Illinois

Power Generating Company, Imerys Talc America, Inc., JOANN Inc., Libbey Glass Inc., Lincoln

Power, L.L.C., Lonestar Resources US Inc., Lucky Brand Dungarees, LLC, Lumileds Holding

B.V., Mallinckrodt plc, MLCJR LLC, ModivCare Inc., Monitronics International, Inc., Nine Point

Energy Holdings, Inc., Pacific Drilling S.A., Paddock Enterprises, LLC, Panda Temple Power,

LLC, Rentech WP U.S. Inc., Robertshaw US Holding Corp., RunItOneTime LLC, Sable Permian

2

=== page 4 ===
Case 25-90669   Document 228-1   Filed in TXSB on 11/20/25   Page 4 of 66

Resources, LLC, Sienna Biopharmaceuticals, Inc., Starry Group Holdings, Inc., Stone Energy

Corporation, Sundance Energy Inc., Superior Energy Services, Inc., The Container Store Group,

Inc., Virgin Orbit Holdings, Inc., Vital Pharmaceuticals, Inc., Weatherford International plc,

Wolfspeed, Inc., and Zen JV, LLC.

6. 
I am one of the principal L&W attorneys working on this engagement.  I have

extensive experience in corporate restructurings and have represented debtors, asset purchasers,

bank groups, secured lenders, unsecured creditors, and other parties in both in-court and out-of-

court restructurings, and in related litigation.  Other professionals and paraprofessionals in L&W’s

insolvency practice and in other practice areas, many of whom also have extensive experience in

corporate restructurings generally and debtor representations in chapter 11 cases specifically, will

participate in the representation of the Debtors in the Chapter 11 Cases.

7. 
Since being retained, the Debtors and L&W have worked together closely in an

effort to address the Debtors’ financial circumstances, including by engaging in negotiations with

the Debtors’ key stakeholders regarding the Debtors’ capital structure and restructuring options

and preparing the Chapter 11 Cases.  As a result, L&W possesses an in-depth knowledge of the

Debtors’ business affairs and capital structure and has gained insight into many of the legal issues

that might arise in the context of the Chapter 11 Cases.

8. 
Accordingly, I believe that L&W is both well-qualified and uniquely able to

represent the Debtors in the Chapter 11 Cases and that such representation will contribute greatly

to the efficient administration of the estates, thereby minimizing expense to the estates and

facilitating the progress of the Chapter 11 Cases.

3

=== page 5 ===
Case 25-90669   Document 228-1   Filed in TXSB on 11/20/25   Page 5 of 66

SERVICES TO BE PROVIDED

9. 
The Debtors desire to employ L&W because of, among other reasons, the nature of

the legal services that will be required in connection with the Chapter 11 Cases.  To engage

alternative counsel at this stage of the Debtors’ cases would be tremendously disruptive and

inefficient, and would likely delay the Debtors’ emergence beyond the timeline necessary for a

successful reorganization.

10. 
Consistent with the Engagement Letter, a copy of which is attached as Exhibit 1

hereto, L&W expects to provide, without limitation, the following legal services:

a) advise the Debtors with respect to their powers and duties as debtors in

possession in the continued management and operation of their businesses and 
properties;

b) advise and consult on the conduct of the Chapter 11 Cases, including all of the

legal and administrative requirements of operating in chapter 11;

c) advise the Debtors and take all necessary action to protect and preserve the

Debtors’ estates, including prosecuting actions on the Debtors’ behalf, 
defending any action commenced against the Debtors, and representing the 
Debtors’ interests in negotiations concerning litigation in which the Debtors are 
involved;

d) analyze proofs of claim filed against the Debtors and object to such claims as

necessary;

e) represent the Debtors in connection with obtaining authority to continue using

cash collateral and obtaining postpetition financing;

f) attend meetings and negotiate with representatives of creditors, interest holders,

and other parties in interest;

g) analyze executory contracts and unexpired leases, and potential assumptions,

assignments, or rejections of such contracts and leases;

h) prepare pleadings in connection with the Chapter 11 Cases, including motions,

applications, answers, orders, reports, and papers necessary or otherwise 
beneficial to the administration of the Debtors’ estates;

i) advise the Debtors in connection with any potential sale of assets;

4

=== page 6 ===
Case 25-90669   Document 228-1   Filed in TXSB on 11/20/25   Page 6 of 66

j) take necessary action on behalf of the Debtors to obtain approval of a disclosure

statement and confirmation of a chapter 11 plan;

k) appear before this Court or any appellate courts to protect the interests of the

Debtors’ estates before those courts;

l) advise on corporate, litigation, regulatory, finance, tax, employee benefits, and

other legal matters; and

m) perform all other necessary legal services for the Debtors in connection with

the Chapter 11 Cases.

11. 
I understand that, concurrently with the filing of the Application, the Debtors are

filing an application to retain Hunton Andrews Kurth LLP (“Hunton”) as their bankruptcy co-

counsel.  Because L&W and Hunton will have distinct and well-defined roles, each counsel will

not duplicate the services the other provides to the Debtors.  L&W will coordinate with Hunton

and any other counsel the Debtors retain in the Chapter 11 Cases to ensure that the legal services

each firm provides to the Debtors are not duplicative.

12. 
The Debtors have also filed or intend to file applications to employ other

professionals.  L&W intends to carefully monitor the efforts of all other retained professionals the

Debtors retain in the Chapter 11 Cases and to coordinate with such professionals to delineate

clearly their respective duties in order to prevent duplication of efforts, whenever possible.

PROFESSIONAL COMPENSATION

13. 
L&W intends to apply to the Court for allowance of compensation for professional

services rendered and reimbursement of expenses incurred in connection with the Chapter 11

Cases in compliance with sections 330 and 331 of the Bankruptcy Code and applicable provisions

of the Bankruptcy Rules, the Bankruptcy Local Rules, and any procedures and orders of the Court.

14. 
L&W operates in a national marketplace for legal services in which rates are driven

by multiple factors relating to the individual lawyer, his or her area of specialization, the firm’s

5

=== page 7 ===
Case 25-90669   Document 228-1   Filed in TXSB on 11/20/25   Page 7 of 66

expertise, performance, and reputation, the nature of the work involved, and other factors.  L&W’s

current hourly rates for matters related to the Chapter 11 Cases range as follows:

Billing Category 
Rates 
Partners 
$1,680 to $2,650 
Counsel 
$1,595 to $2,070 
Associates 
$835 to $1,635 
Professional Staff 
$255 to $980 
Paralegals 
$355 to $755 
 
15. 
L&W’s hourly rates are designed to compensate L&W fairly for the work of its

attorneys and paralegals and to cover fixed and routine overhead expenses.  Hourly rates vary with

the experience and seniority of the individuals assigned and are subject to periodic adjustments to

reflect economic and other conditions.3  L&W will be increasing its rates effective January 1, 2026

and will provide separate notice of such increase.

16. 
Consistent with the Engagement Letter and L&W’s policy with respect to its other

clients, L&W will continue to charge the Debtors for all services provided and for other charges

and disbursements incurred in the rendition of services.  It is L&W’s policy to charge its clients in

all areas of practice for identifiable, non-overhead expenses incurred in connection with the

client’s case that would not have been incurred except for representation of that particular client.

It is also L&W’s policy to charge its clients only the amount actually incurred by L&W in

connection with such items.  These charges and disbursements include (without limitation) costs

for photocopying, electronic data management services, including scanning and document

imaging, travel, travel-related expenses, business meals, computerized research, messengers,

3  
L&W increases the hourly billing rate of attorneys and paraprofessionals in the form of (a) step increases 
historically awarded in the ordinary course of business on the basis of advancing seniority and promotion and 
(b) periodic increases within each attorney’s and paraprofessional’s current level of seniority.  The step increases 
do not constitute “rate increases” (as the term is used in the U.S. Trustee Guidelines (as defined below)).  As set 
forth in the Order, L&W will provide ten business-days’ notice to the Debtors, the U.S. Trustee, and the Creditors’ 
Committee before implementing any periodic increases, and will file any such notice with the Court.

6

=== page 8 ===
Case 25-90669   Document 228-1   Filed in TXSB on 11/20/25   Page 8 of 66

couriers, postage, witness fees, and other fees related to trials and hearings.  L&W professionals

also may charge their overtime meals and overtime transportation to the Debtors consistent with

prepetition practices, and L&W will continue to charge for overtime secretarial charges that arise

out of business necessity.

17. 
No promises have been received by L&W, or any partner, counsel, or associate

thereof, as to payment or compensation in connection with the Chapter 11 Cases other than in

accordance with the applicable provisions of the Bankruptcy Code, the Bankruptcy Rules, and the

Bankruptcy Local Rules.  Except for sharing arrangements among L&W, its affiliated law practice

entities, and their respective members, in accordance with sections 329 and 504 of the Bankruptcy

Code and Bankruptcy Rule 2016(b), L&W has not entered into any agreements, express or implied,

with any other party in interest, including the Debtors, any creditor, or any attorney for such party

in interest in the Chapter 11 Cases for (a) the purpose of sharing or fixing fees or other

compensation to be paid to any such party in interest or its attorneys for services rendered in

connection therewith, (b) payment of such compensation from the assets of the estates in excess

of the compensation allowed by this Court pursuant to the applicable provisions of the Bankruptcy

Code, or (c) payment of compensation in connection with the Chapter 11 Cases other than in

accordance with the applicable provisions of the Bankruptcy Code.

STATEMENT PURSUANT TO THE U.S. TRUSTEE GUIDELINES

18. 
L&W will make a reasonable effort to comply with the U.S. Trustee’s reasonable

requests for information and additional disclosures as set forth in the U.S. Trustee Guidelines, both

in connection with this Application and with any fee applications filed by L&W in the Chapter 11

Cases.

19. 
The following is provided in response to the request for additional information set

forth in Paragraph D.1 of the U.S. Trustee Guidelines:

7

=== page 9 ===
Case 25-90669   Document 228-1   Filed in TXSB on 11/20/25   Page 9 of 66

a. 
Question:  Did L&W agree to any variations from, or alternatives to, 
L&W’s standard billing arrangements for this engagement?

Answer:  No.

b. 
Question:  Do any of the L&W professionals in this engagement vary their 
rate based on the geographic location of the Debtors’ chapter 11 cases?

Answer:  No.

c. 
Question:  If L&W has represented the Debtors in the 12 months 
prepetition, disclose L&W’s billing rates and material financial terms for 
the prepetition engagement, including any adjustments during the 12 
months prepetition.  If L&W’s billing rates and material financial terms 
have changed postpetition, explain the difference and the reasons for the 
difference.

Answer:  L&W’s current hourly rates for services rendered on behalf of the 
Debtors are set forth above.  All material financial terms have remained 
unchanged since the prepetition period, except (i) the rates for certain 
lawyers advising the Debtors in the Chapter 11 Cases will be limited by the 
applicable rate ranges set forth in paragraph 14 above and (ii) for a 
postpetition 50% discount for non-working travel time. When L&W was 
first engaged in July 2025, L&W agreed to a courtesy adjustment for certain 
prepetition fees.

d. 
Question:  Have the Debtors approved L&W’s budget and staffing plan 
and, if so, for what budget period?

Answer:  The Debtors have approved the budgeted fees and expenses of 
L&W, reflected in the amounts set forth for professional fees in the 
approved 13-week cash flow budget attached to the Interim Order (I) 
Authorizing the Debtors to Obtain Postpetition Financing, (II) Granting 
Liens and Providing Superpriority Administrative Expense Claims, (III) 
Authorizing the Use of Cash Collateral, (IV) Granting Adequate Protection 
to the Prepetition Secured Parties, (V) Modifying the Automatic Stay, (VI) 
Scheduling a Final Hearing, and (VII) Granting Related Relief [Docket No. 
132] as Exhibit D thereto.  The Debtors understand and agree that the 
budgeted amounts set forth therein reflect a good-faith estimate of, rather 
than a cap on, professional fees and expenses.

COMPENSATION RECEIVED BY L&W FROM THE DEBTORS

20. 
As of the Petition Date, the Debtors did not owe L&W any amounts for legal

services rendered before the Petition Date, and L&W is not a creditor of the Debtors.

8

=== page 10 ===
Case 25-90669   Document 228-1   Filed in TXSB on 11/20/25   Page 10 of 66

21. 
As set forth in the Application, during the 90-day period prior to the Petition Date,

L&W received payments and advances in the aggregate amount of $17,699,151.18 for services

performed and expenses incurred, and to be performed and incurred, including in preparation for

the commencement of the Chapter 11 Cases.  All payments were in the form of retainers for the

advance payment of subsequent invoices (the “Fee Advance”).  The balance of the Fee Advance

is $0.  L&W wrote-off and waived any fees owing in excess of the Fee Advance as of the Petition

Date.  Accordingly, Latham is not a creditor of the Debtors.

DISINTERESTEDNESS

22. 
In preparing this declaration, I used a set of procedures developed by L&W to

ensure compliance with the requirements of the Bankruptcy Code, the Bankruptcy Rules, and the

Bankruptcy Local Rules regarding the retention of professionals by a debtor under the Bankruptcy

Code (the “Firm Disclosure Procedures”).  Pursuant to the Firm Disclosure Procedures, I

performed, or caused to be performed, the following actions to identify the parties relevant to this

declaration and to ascertain L&W’s connection to such parties:

a. 
The following comprehensive list (the “Retention Checklist”) of the types 
of entities that may have contacts with the Debtors was developed through 
discussions with the L&W attorneys who have provided services to the 
Debtors and in consultation with the advisors to and senior management of 
the Debtors:

(i) 
Debtors  
(ii) 
Non-Debtor Affiliates 
(iii) 
Debtors’ Previous Names and Predecessors 
(iv) 
Debtors’ Restructuring and Other Significant Professionals 
(including Professionals for Other Major Stakeholders)  
(v) 
Major Equity Holders 
(vi) 
Current and Former Officers and Directors 
(vii) 
Trustees, Agents, Secured Lenders, and Other Potential 
Lienholders 
(viii) Top 30 Unsecured Creditors 
(ix) 
Major Suppliers and Vendors 
(x) 
Major Customers 
(xi) 
Debtors’ Banks

9

=== page 11 ===
Case 25-90669   Document 228-1   Filed in TXSB on 11/20/25   Page 11 of 66

(xii) 
Insurance Parties  
(xiii) Surety Bond Issuers and Beneficiaries  
(xiv) Litigation Parties 
(xv) 
Utility Providers 
(xvi) United States Bankruptcy Judges for the Southern District of Texas

(and Key Staff Members) 
(xvii) United States Trustee for the Southern District of Texas (and Key

Staff Members) 
(xviii) Adverse Parties in Litigation, Administrative Proceedings, and

Other Legal or Regulatory Matters  
(xix) Government Authorities and Tax Collectors

b. 
L&W obtained information responsive to the Retention Checklist through 
several inquiries of the Debtors’ senior management and advisors and 
review of documents provided by the Debtors to L&W.  L&W then used 
that information, together with other information identified by L&W, to 
compile a list of the names of entities that may be parties in interest in the 
Chapter 11 Cases (the “Potential Parties in Interest”), as set forth on 
Appendix 1 hereto.4  The information listed on Appendix 1 may have 
changed without my knowledge and may change during the pendency of the 
Chapter 11 Cases.  L&W will supplement this declaration, as described 
below, when L&W becomes aware of new material information.

c. 
L&W maintains a master client database as part of its conflict clearance and 
billing records.  The master client database includes the names of the entities 
for which any attorney time charges have been billed since the database was 
first created (the “Client Database”).  The Client Database includes the 
names of all current and former clients, the names of the parties who are or 
were related or adverse to such current and former clients, and the names of 
the L&W personnel who are or were responsible for current or former 
matters for such clients.  L&W policy is that no new matter may be accepted 
or opened within L&W without completing and submitting to those charged 
with maintaining the conflict clearance system the information necessary to 
check each such matter for conflicts, including the identity of the 
prospective client, the name of the matter, adverse parties, and, in some 
cases, parties related to the client or to an adverse party.  Accordingly, the 
database is updated for every new matter undertaken by L&W.  The 
accuracy of the system is a function of the completeness and accuracy of 
the information submitted by the attorney opening a new matter.

d. 
L&W compared the names of each of the Potential Parties in Interest to 
client matters in the Client Database for which professional time was 
recorded during the three years prior to the Petition Date and compiled a list

4  
The entities included on the list of Potential Parties in Interest (and the categories contained therein) were provided 
by the Debtors to L&W for purposes of a conflict check only and should not be relied upon by any party as a list 
of creditors or for any other purpose.

10

=== page 12 ===
Case 25-90669   Document 228-1   Filed in TXSB on 11/20/25   Page 12 of 66

of any matches generated by the comparison (the “Client Match List”).  The 
Client Match List is set forth on Appendix 2 hereto.5

e. 
Using information in the Client Database concerning entities on the Client 
Match List and making general and, if applicable, specific inquiries of L&W 
personnel, L&W verified that it does not represent and has not represented 
any entity on the Client Match List in connection with the Debtors or the 
Chapter 11 Cases, except as otherwise disclosed in this declaration.

f. 
In addition, a general inquiry was sent by email to all L&W attorneys to 
determine whether any such individuals or any members of their households 
(i) own or owned any debt or equity securities of the Debtors; (ii) hold or 
held any claim against or interest adverse to the Debtors; (iii) represent or 
represented a client in a matter adverse to the Debtors; (iv) are or were 
officers, directors, or employees of the Debtors; (v) are related to or have 
any connections to Bankruptcy Judges in the Southern District of Texas; or 
(vi) are related to or have any connections to anyone working in the Office 
of the United States Trustee for the Southern District of Texas (the “U.S. 
Trustee”).

23. 
L&W compiled responses to the foregoing inquiries for the purpose of preparing

this declaration.  Responses to the inquiry described in subparagraph (f) above indicate that, as of

the Petition Date and except as described below, no L&W attorneys or members of their household:

(a) own or owned any debt or equity securities of the Debtors;6 (b) hold or held any claim against

or interest adverse to the Debtors; (c) represent or represented a client in a matter adverse to the

Debtors; (d) are or were officers, directors, or employees of the Debtors; (e) are related to or have

any connections to Bankruptcy Judges in the Southern District of Texas; or (f) are related to or

have any connections to anyone working in the Office of the U.S. Trustee.

5  
As referenced in Appendix 2, the term “Current Client” refers to an entity listed as a client in L&W’s Client 
Database for whom time has been recorded in the past 12 months and L&W has at least one open matter.  The 
term “Former Client” refers to an entity listed as a client in L&W’s Client Database for whom time has been 
recorded in the past three years.  L&W does not disclose connections if time was recorded more than three years 
before the Petition Date.

6  
Certain L&W attorneys or members of the households of L&W attorneys may unknowingly hold interests in the 
Debtors in blind, discretionary accounts, exchange-traded funds, or mutual funds.

11

=== page 13 ===
Case 25-90669   Document 228-1   Filed in TXSB on 11/20/25   Page 13 of 66

24. 
Of the entities listed on Appendix 2, (i) The Carlyle Group, Inc. (an affiliate of one

of the Debtors’ prepetition secured lenders, postpetition DIP lenders, and stalking horse bidders),

(ii) JPMorgan Chase (one of the Debtors’ banks), and (iii) Meta Platforms, Inc. (a contract

counterparty of the Debtors) represented more than 1.0% but less than 2.0% of L&W’s total client

billings for the twelve-month period ending October 30, 2025 (for each client, on a consolidated

basis).  Additionally, two confidential potential bidders each represented more than 1.0% but less

than 2.0% of L&W’s total client billings for the twelve-month period ending October 30, 2025

(for each client, on a consolidated basis).7

25. 
L&W will not represent the Debtors in any adversary proceeding or contested

matter against any client of L&W unless L&W has an applicable waiver on file or first receives a

waiver from such entity allowing L&W to commence such an action.  To the extent that a waiver

does not exist or is not obtained from such entity and it is necessary for the Debtors to commence

or otherwise participate in an adversary proceeding or contested matter against that entity, the

Debtors will employ Hunton, as necessary, or retain separate conflicts counsel if neither L&W nor

Hunton are able to represent them in that particular matter.  Without limiting the above, in addition,

L&W will not represent any client on any matter adverse to the Debtors or their estates while

retained as the Debtors’ co-counsel in the Chapter 11 Cases.8

7  
L&W will provide the names of such potential bidders to the U.S. Trustee, the Court, and the Creditors’ 
Committee on a confidential basis upon request.

8  
In the event the Debtors seek to employ and retain separate conflicts counsel in connection with the 
Chapter 11 Cases to handle matters that the Debtors may encounter that cannot be handled appropriately by L&W 
or Hunton because of a conflict of interest, then the Debtors intend that the services of such conflicts counsel shall 
complement, and not duplicate, the services to be rendered by L&W or Hunton.  Moreover, the responsibilities 
of such conflicts counsel shall be confined to discrete legal matters that are distinct from the matters handled by 
L&W or Hunton. Conflicts counsel shall act on its own and will not act under the direct supervision of L&W.  
Indeed, the Debtors are extremely mindful of the need to avoid duplication of services and appropriate procedures 
will be implemented to ensure that there is no such duplication.

12

=== page 14 ===
Case 25-90669   Document 228-1   Filed in TXSB on 11/20/25   Page 14 of 66

26. 
L&W will periodically review its files during the pendency of the Chapter 11 Cases

to ensure that no conflicts or other disqualifying circumstances exist or arise.  If any relevant facts

or relationships are discovered or arise, L&W will use reasonable efforts to identify such further

developments and will promptly file a supplemental declaration as required by Bankruptcy

Rule 2014(a).  In that regard, L&W intends to disclose clients in the capacity that they first appear

in a conflicts search.  For example, if a client has already been disclosed in this declaration in one

capacity (e.g., a bank), and the client appears in a subsequent conflicts search in a different capacity

(e.g., a bondholder), then L&W does not intend to disclose the same client again in supplemental

declarations, unless the circumstances are such in the latter capacity that additional disclosure is

required.

27. 
Except as set forth herein, and based upon the information available to me, neither I,

nor L&W, nor any partner or associate thereof, insofar as I have been able to ascertain, holds or

represents any interest adverse to the Debtors or their estates.  Based on the foregoing and to the

best of my knowledge, I believe that: (a) L&W is a “disinterested person” within the meaning of

section 101(14) of the Bankruptcy Code, as required by section 327(a) of the Bankruptcy Code;

and (b) L&W has no connection to the Debtors, their creditors, or their related parties except as

may be disclosed in this declaration (as supplemented from time-to-time).  The proposed

engagement of L&W is not prohibited by or improper under Bankruptcy Rule 5002(a).

SPECIFIC DISCLOSURES

28. 
As specifically set forth below and in Appendix 2, L&W represents or has

represented certain of the Debtors’ creditors, banks, lenders, professionals, utility providers,

insurers, or other Potential Parties in Interest in matters unrelated to the Debtors and the Chapter 11

Cases.  Except as set forth below in the section entitled “Adverse Representations,” none of the

13

=== page 15 ===
Case 25-90669   Document 228-1   Filed in TXSB on 11/20/25   Page 15 of 66

representations or relationships described herein is adverse to the interests of the Debtors or their

estates.  Moreover, pursuant to section 327(c) of the Bankruptcy Code, L&W is not disqualified

from acting as the Debtors’ co-counsel merely because it represents or has represented the Debtors’

creditors or other Potential Parties in Interest in matters unrelated to the Chapter 11 Cases.  I do

not believe that L&W’s current and prior representations described herein preclude L&W from

being a “disinterested person” within the meaning of section 101(14) of the Bankruptcy Code, as

required by section 327(a) of the Bankruptcy Code.

Adverse Representations

29. 
L&W formerly represented Sumitomo Mitsui Banking Corporation (“SMBC”),

Banco Santander, S.A., New York Branch (“Santander”) and Norddeutsche Landesbank

Girozentrale, New York Branch (“Nord”) (collectively with any other lenders under such facility,

the “Polaris A Financing Parties”) on a financing facility for Debtors Polaris DevCo Borrower

A, LLC and Polaris OpCo Borrower A, LLC and certain non-Debtor affiliates, as well as related

matters (including, among other things, an equity contribution agreement and cash diversion

guaranty), which transactions closed in November 2024 (prior to L&W’s representation of the

Debtors).  L&W concluded its work for the applicable Polaris A Financing Parties in connection

with such matters on October 7, 2025 and delivered notice of termination of such representation

on October 15, 2025.  L&W’s representation of the Polaris A Financing Parties was unrelated to

the Chapter 11 Cases.  L&W will represent the Debtors in the Chapter 11 Cases generally

(including in connection with a chapter 11 plan) but has not, does not, and will not, represent the

Debtors in any matters adverse to the Polaris A Financing Parties that are substantially related to

those matters; specifically, but without limitation, L&W will not represent the Debtors against the

Polaris A Financing Parties on any issues in any adversary proceedings or contested matters that

14

=== page 16 ===
Case 25-90669   Document 228-1   Filed in TXSB on 11/20/25   Page 16 of 66

are substantially related to the Polaris A Financing Parties’ financing facility and related matters

on which L&W represented the Polaris A Financing Parties.

30. 
L&W also formerly represented SMBC (collectively with any other lenders under

such facility, the “Polaris B Financing Parties”) as left lead arranger on a financing facility for

Debtors Polaris DevCo Borrower B and LLC, Polaris OpCo Borrower B, LLC and certain non-

Debtor affiliates, as well as related matters (including, among other things, construction

completion agreements, related surety bonds provided by Applied Surety Underwriters and

Atlantic Specialty Insurance Company (collectively, the “Sureties”), an equity contribution

agreement, and a cash diversion guaranty), which transactions closed in March 2025 (prior to

L&W’s representation of the Debtors).  L&W concluded its work for the applicable Polaris B

Financing Parties in connection with such matters on September 25, 2025 and delivered notice of

termination of such representation on October 15, 2025.  L&W’s representation of the Polaris B

Financing Parties was unrelated to the Chapter 11 Cases.  L&W will represent the Debtors in the

Chapter 11 Cases generally (including in connection with a chapter 11 plan) but has not, does not,

and will not, represent the Debtors in any matters adverse to the Polaris B Financing Parties that

are substantially related to those matters; specifically, but without limitation, L&W will not

represent the Debtors against the Polaris B Financing Parties on any issues in any adversary

proceedings or contested matters that are substantially related to the Polaris B Financing Parties’

financing facilities and related matters (including any related surety bonds provided by the

Sureties) on which L&W represented the Polaris B Financing Parties.

31. 
L&W formerly represented Kayne Anderson Capital Advisors, L.P, Irradiant

Partners (as successor spinoff of Kayne), and Harts Mill Intermediate Holdings LLC and related

affiliates in connection with certain corporate, financing and tax matters pertaining to the Debtors’

15

=== page 17 ===
Case 25-90669   Document 228-1   Filed in TXSB on 11/20/25   Page 17 of 66

former solar project “Harts Mill.”  L&W’s representation in these matters was and is unrelated to

the Chapter 11 Cases.

32. 
L&W formerly represented Kayne Anderson Capital Advisors, L.P. in connection

with certain corporate and financing matters pertaining to the Debtors’ “Silver Pine” solar project.

L&W’s representation in these matters was unrelated to the Chapter 11 Cases and concluded

prepetition.

33. 
L&W formerly represented DTE Energy in connection with certain tax matters

pertaining to Debtor Blue Ridge Power LLC.  L&W’s representation in these matters was unrelated

to the Chapter 11 Cases and concluded prepetition.

34. 
L&W formerly represented IREV, LLC in connection with certain real estate

matters pertaining to the Debtors.  L&W’s representation in these matters was unrelated to the

Chapter 11 Cases and concluded prepetition.

35. 
L&W formerly represented Temple I Holdings in connection with certain corporate

matters pertaining to Debtor Limewood Bell Renewables LLC.  L&W’s representation in these

matters was unrelated to the Chapter 11 Cases and concluded prepetition.

36. 
An L&W attorney formerly represented Bayerische Landesbank, New York Branch

in connection with certain financing matters pertaining to two of the Debtors’ projects: Lick Creek

Solar, LLC and Highest Power Solar, LLC.  The L&W attorney’s representation in these matters

was unrelated to the Chapter 11 Cases and concluded prepetition.

37. 
The Debtors have engaged or will engage separate counsel to address the foregoing

matters described in paragraphs 29-36 above.  Other than the matters described in paragraphs 29-

36 above, L&W has not represented any Potential Parties in Interest listed on Appendix 1 in

connection with any matter adverse to the Debtors, and L&W will not represent any party in any

16

=== page 18 ===
Case 25-90669   Document 228-1   Filed in TXSB on 11/20/25   Page 18 of 66

such matter while retained as the Debtors’ restructuring co-counsel.  For the avoidance of doubt,

L&W does not currently represent any party in any matter adverse to the Debtors.  I do not believe

that L&W’s former representation of the entities set forth in paragraphs 29-36 above preclude

L&W from being a “disinterested person” within the meaning of section 101(14) of the Bankruptcy

Code, as required by section 327(a) of the Bankruptcy Code.

Relationships with Banks, Lenders, Other  
Secured Parties, and Surety & Letters of Credit-Beneficiaries/Issuers

38. 
As disclosed in Appendix 2, L&W currently represents or formerly represented

certain of the Debtors’ (or non-Debtor affiliates’) banks, lenders, trustees, agents, noteholders,

other secured parties, surety and letters of credit-beneficiaries and -issuers, and/or certain of their

affiliates.  Specifically, L&W currently represents or in the past has represented Amazon Treasury

Cash Management; Banco Santander, S.A., New York Branch; Bayerische Landesbank, New York

Branch; Brookfield Asset Management Ltd.; The Carlyle Group Inc.; Citi Bank; Corporation

Service Company; First-Citizens Bank & Trust Company; JPMorgan Chase; Norddeutsche

Landesbank-Girozentrale; The Canadian Imperial Bank of Commerce, New York Branch; Truist

Bank; U.S. Bancorp; Webbank; Apple Energy, LLC; Arevon Energy, Inc.; Australia and New

Zealand Banking Group Limited; BBVA, S.A.; Dominion Energy Virginia; Duke University;

Irradiant Partners, LP; Meta Platforms, Inc.; Midamerican Energy Company; MUFG Bank, Ltd.;

Portland General Electric Company; Southern Current LLC; Sumitomo Mitsui Banking

Corporation; The Bank of Nova Scotia; Banco Bilbao Vizcaya Argentaria S.A.; Bank of America,

N.A.; Credit Agricole Corporate and Investment Bank; Liberty Mutual Insurance Company;

Lloyds Bank Corporate Markets plc; Z Bank AG, New York Branch; BayernLB Holding AG; CIT

Bank; City National Bank; CoBank; Fifth Third Bancorp; Mitsubishi UFJ Financial Group, Inc.;

National Bank of Canada; Pinnacle; Seminole; Siemens; SMBC; Societe Generale; Standard

17

=== page 19 ===
Case 25-90669   Document 228-1   Filed in TXSB on 11/20/25   Page 19 of 66

Chartered; UCB; Blackstone; Churchill; Greenprint; Monarch; Morgan Stanley; Sol Systems; and

US Bank, in a number of different matters unrelated to the Debtors and the Chapter 11 Cases.

39. 
I do not believe that L&W’s past or current representations described in the

foregoing paragraph precludes L&W from being a “disinterested person” within the meaning of

section 101(14) of the Bankruptcy Code, as required by section 327(a) of the Bankruptcy Code.

In the event that the Debtors and any of the foregoing entities become directly adverse to one

another in an adversary proceeding or contested matter in the Chapter 11 Cases, the Debtors will

employ Hunton or other conflicts counsel to handle the matter as necessary.

Connections to Directors and Officers

40. 
Todd Arden, Patrick Bartels, Neal Goldman, William Transier, Michael Wartell,

and Jonathan Zinman, who currently serve as independent board members of one or more Debtors,

serve, have served, or may in the future serve from time to time, in various management,

consulting, trustee, and/or director capacities of other active or inactive L&W clients in matters

wholly unrelated to the Chapter 11 Cases.  I do not believe L&W’s current or prior representations

of clients for which the Debtors’ board members serve or served in management and/or director

capacities precludes L&W from being a “disinterested person” within the meaning of section

101(14) of the Bankruptcy Code, as required by section 327(a) of the Bankruptcy Code.

Relationships with Significant Creditors and Contract Counterparties

41. 
L&W currently represents or formerly represented certain of the Debtors’

significant prepetition creditors, contract counterparties, customers, vendors and suppliers, and/or

certain of their affiliates.  Specifically, L&W currently represents or in the past has represented

Origis USA, LLC; Portland General Electric Company; Shoals Technologies Group, LLC;

Starbucks Corporation; and Walmart, Inc. in a number of different matters unrelated to the Debtors

and the Chapter 11 Cases.  I do not believe that L&W’s past or current representations described

18

=== page 20 ===
Case 25-90669   Document 228-1   Filed in TXSB on 11/20/25   Page 20 of 66

in this paragraph precludes L&W from being a “disinterested person” within the meaning of

section 101(14) of the Bankruptcy Code, as required by section 327(a) of the Bankruptcy Code.

In the event that the Debtors and any of the foregoing entities become directly adverse to one

another in an adversary proceeding or contested matter in the Chapter 11 Cases, the Debtors will

employ Hunton or other conflicts counsel to handle the matter as necessary.

Relationships with Major Equity Holders

42. 
As disclosed in Appendix 2, L&W currently represents or formerly represented

certain of the Debtors’ major equity holders and/or certain of their affiliates.  Specifically, L&W

currently represents or in the past has represented Generate Capital and Healthcare of Ontario

Pension Plan in a number of different matters unrelated to the Debtors and the Chapter 11 Cases.

I do not believe that L&W’s past or current representations described in this paragraph precludes

L&W from being a “disinterested person” within the meaning of section 101(14) of the Bankruptcy

Code, as required by section 327(a) of the Bankruptcy Code.  In the event that the Debtors and any

of the foregoing entities become directly adverse to one another in an adversary proceeding or

contested matter in the Chapter 11 Cases, the Debtors will employ Hunton or other conflicts

counsel to handle the matter as necessary.

Insurance Parties

43. 
Certain insurance companies pay the legal bills of L&W clients.  Some of these

insurance companies may be involved in the Chapter 11 Cases.  None of these insurance

companies, however, is an L&W client as a result of the fact that it pays legal fees on behalf of a

client of L&W.

44. 
As disclosed in Appendix 2, L&W currently represents or formerly represented

certain of the Debtors’ insurance providers and/or certain of their affiliates.  Specifically, L&W

currently represents or in the past has represented AFCO Premium Credit LLC; AIG Mergers and

19

=== page 21 ===
Case 25-90669   Document 228-1   Filed in TXSB on 11/20/25   Page 21 of 66

Acquisitions Insurance Group; AIG Specialty Insurance Company; Allianz Global Risks US

Insurance Company; Ambridge Partners LLC; Aon Risk Services Northeast, Inc.; Avivia

Insurance Company; Berkshire Hathaway Specialty Insurance Company; Evergreen Resources,

LLC; Firstar Development, LLC; Fortegra Specialty Insurance Company; Hartford Fire Insurance

Company; HDI Global Specialty SE; Howden; Liberty Surplus Insurance Corporation; Lloyds of

London; Munich Re Syndicate; QBE Specialty Insurance Company; Starr Indemnity & Liability

Company; Swiss Re Corporate Solutions Capacity Insurance Corporation; U.S. Bancorp

Community Development Corp.; and Zurich American Insurance Company in a number of

different matters unrelated to the Debtors and the Chapter 11 Cases.

Relationships to Other Entities

45. 
Certain of the parties in interest in the Chapter 11 Cases may be, or previously may

have been, members of ad hoc or official creditors’ committees represented by L&W in matters

unrelated to the Chapter 11 Cases.  In such instances, L&W represented only the committee or

group, and did not represent the creditors in their individual capacities, and no attorney client

relationship exists or existed between L&W and such parties in interest unless specifically noted.

L&W does not and will not represent any of these parties in connection with the Chapter 11 Cases.

46. 
As a large, international firm, L&W may represent creditors and/or investors of or

parties interested in investing in one or more parties in interest in these cases.  L&W does not

believe these relationships represent interests adverse to the estate.

47. 
Certain of the Debtors and their non-debtor affiliates or other entities associated

with the Debtors may be creditors of entities that L&W currently represents or has represented in

bankruptcy proceedings or post-effective date claims processes.  Similarly, certain parties in

interest in the Chapter 11 Cases may be current or former L&W restructuring clients.  L&W will

not represent the Debtors, the Debtors’ non-debtor affiliates, or other entities associated with the

20

=== page 22 ===
Case 25-90669   Document 228-1   Filed in TXSB on 11/20/25   Page 22 of 66

Debtors in any matter related to other L&W clients’ bankruptcy proceedings.  Nor will L&W

represent any of its other restructuring clients against the Debtors in any of its other clients’

restructuring matters.  L&W’s other chapter 11 representations are unrelated to the Chapter 11

Cases and the Debtors.  I do not believe these representations preclude L&W from meeting the

disinterestedness standard under the Bankruptcy Code.

Relationships with Other Professionals

48. 
From time to time, L&W has referred work to other professionals to be retained in

the Chapter 11 Cases, and certain such professionals have referred work to L&W.  Also, as part of

its practice, L&W appears in cases, proceedings, and transactions involving many different

attorneys, accountants, financial consultants, and investment bankers, some of whom now or may

in the future represent claimants and other parties in interest in these cases.  L&W has not

represented, and will not represent, any such parties in relation to the Debtors or their Chapter 11

Cases.  L&W does not have any relationship with any such attorneys, accountants, financial

consultants, or investment bankers that would be adverse to the Debtors or their estates.

49. 
As disclosed in Appendix 2, L&W currently represents or formerly represented

certain of the Debtors’ other professionals and restructuring professionals (Alvarez & Marsal and

Lazard) in a number of different matters unrelated to the Debtors and the Chapter 11 Cases.  I do

not believe that L&W’s past or current representation of these other professionals in matters

unrelated to the Debtors or the Chapter 11 Cases precludes L&W from being a “disinterested

person” within the meaning of section 101(14) of the Bankruptcy Code, as required by section

327(a) of the Bankruptcy Code.  In the event that the Debtors and any of the applicable

professionals become directly adverse to one another in an adversary proceeding in the Chapter 11

Cases, the Debtors will employ Hunton or other conflicts counsel to handle the matter as necessary.

21

=== page 23 ===
Case 25-90669   Document 228-1   Filed in TXSB on 11/20/25   Page 23 of 66

L&W Connections with the Office of the United States 
Trustee for the Southern District of Texas and Judges for the United 
States Bankruptcy Court for the Southern District of Texas (and Key Staff Members)

50. 
Certain L&W attorneys and/or personnel (or members of their immediate

families):  (a) previously worked at other law firms, in government services, or for other

employers; (b) have participated and may participate in legal activities; (c) had and have

affiliations through law school, conferences, bar, employment, or other organizations; and/or

(d) may have social interactions or friendships, in each case, involving (x) Judges and/or key staff

members of the United States Bankruptcy Court for the Southern District of Texas or (y) attorneys

or key staff members of the Office of the United States Trustee for the Southern District of

Texas.  As part of its standard hiring practices, from time to time, L&W conducts interviews and

may make offers of employment to staff members of the United States Bankruptcy Court for the

Southern District of Texas, including law clerks.

51. 
Ray C. Schrock, Candace M. Arthur, and Alexander W. Welch joined L&W from

Weil, Gotshal & Manges LLP (“Weil”) on December 2, 2024.  L&W also employs certain

associate attorneys who previously worked at Weil.  Effective August 14, 2019, United States

Bankruptcy Judge Christopher M. Lopez was appointed to the United States Bankruptcy Court for

the Southern District of Texas.  Prior to such appointment, Judge Lopez was employed by and held

a counsel position at Weil.  Additionally, effective July 16, 2024, United States Bankruptcy Judge

Alfredo R. Perez was appointed to the United States Bankruptcy Court for the Southern District

of Texas.  Prior to such appointment, until his retirement from Weil on December 31, 2023, Judge

Perez was employed by and a member of the partnership at Weil.

52. 
Kevin Samkian and Christina Morrison joined L&W as associate attorneys on

September 8, 2025.  Prior to joining L&W, Mr. Samkian served as a law clerk to Judge Isgur, who

is a United States Bankruptcy Judge for the Southern District of Texas.  Ms. Morrison previously

22

=== page 24 ===
Case 25-90669   Document 228-1   Filed in TXSB on 11/20/25   Page 24 of 66

served as a law clerk to former Judge Jones, Judge Lopez and Judge Perez from October 2023 to

August 2024.

53. 
I do not believe that the foregoing connections preclude L&W from meeting the

disinterestedness standard under the Bankruptcy Code.

L&W Attorney Investments

54. 
From time to time, L&W partners, counsel, associates, and employees, or members

of the households of the foregoing, personally invest in mutual funds, exchange-traded funds,

retirement funds, private equity funds, venture capital funds, hedge funds, fund of funds, and other

types of investment funds (the “Investment Funds”), through which such individuals indirectly

acquire an interest in debt or equity securities of many companies, some of which may be parties

in interest in the Chapter 11 Cases, often without L&W’s knowledge.  Each such person generally

owns substantially less than one percent of such Investment Fund, does not manage or otherwise

control such Investment Fund, and has no influence over the Investment Fund’s decision to buy,

sell, or vote any particular security.  The Investment Funds are generally operated as a blind pool,

meaning that when such persons make an investment in an Investment Fund, he, she, or they do

not know what securities the blind pool Investment Fund will purchase or sell and have no control

over such purchases or sales.

55. 
From time to time one or more L&W partners voluntarily choose to form an entity

(a “Passive-Intermediary Entity”) to invest in one or more Investment Funds or, in certain

instances, directly in private companies.  Such Passive-Intermediary Entity is comprised only of

persons who were L&W partners or retired partners at the time of the Passive-Intermediary

Entity’s formation (although some may later become former L&W partners), and participation in

such a Passive-Intermediary Entity is wholly voluntary and only a portion of L&W’s partners

choose to participate.  L&W itself does not invest in the Passive-Intermediary Entity.  The Passive-

23

=== page 25 ===
Case 25-90669   Document 228-1   Filed in TXSB on 11/20/25   Page 25 of 66

Intermediary Entity generally owns substantially less than one percent of any underlying

Investment Fund, does not manage or otherwise control such Investment Fund, and has no

influence over the Investment Fund’s decision to buy, sell, or vote any particular security.  Each

Investment Fund in which a Passive-Intermediary Entity invests is operated as a blind pool, so that

the Passive-Intermediary Entity does not know what securities the blind pool Investment Funds

will purchase or sell, and has no control over such purchases or sales.  The Passive-Intermediary

Entities commonly receive periodic statements and communications from the underlying

Investment Funds.  The L&W partners participating in the Passive Intermediary may or may not

know the identity of the Investment Fund’s underlying investments or the identity of the securities

purchased, sold, or held by the Investment Fund.

56. 
Certain of the Passive-Intermediary Entities may make a direct investment into a

private company.  It is my understanding that no Passive-Intermediary Entity has made any direct

investment into the Debtors or otherwise purchased any debt or equity security of the Debtors.

In addition, as discussed above, the Firm Disclosure Procedures involve sending a general inquiry

to all L&W attorneys to determine whether any such individuals or any members of their

households own or owned any debt or equity securities of the Debtors or hold or held any claim

against or interest adverse to the Debtors, among other things.  Thus far, no response to this general

inquiry has disclosed the ownership of any debt or equity securities of the Debtors or the holding

of any claim against or interest adverse to the Debtors.

57. 
From time to time, L&W partners, counsel, associates, and employees personally

directly acquire a debt or equity security of a company, which may be (or become) one of the

Debtors, their creditors, or other parties in interest in the Chapter 11 Cases.  L&W has a long-

standing policy prohibiting attorneys and employees from using material non-public information

24

=== page 26 ===
Case 25-90669   Document 228-1   Filed in TXSB on 11/20/25   Page 26 of 66

that may come to their attention in the course of their work, so that all L&W attorneys and

employees are barred from trading in securities with respect to which they possess material non-

public information.

OTHER INVESTIGATION AND DISCLOSURE MATTERS

58. 
L&W’s investigation and research of the Potential Parties in Interest has thus far

failed to eliminate the possibility that Potential Parties in Interest other than those listed on

Appendix 2 hereto may be current or former clients of L&W because: (a) the names of the

Potential Parties in Interest are similar to, but not identical to, current or former L&W clients; or

(b) the names of the Potential Parties in Interest are common names that appeared on our conflict

search results, but do not appear to be the same individuals or entities that are parties in interest

herein.

59. 
Although L&W has undertaken, and continues to undertake, extensive efforts to

identify connections with the Debtors and other Potential Parties in Interest, it is possible that

connections with some Potential Parties in Interest have not yet been identified.  Should L&W,

through its continuing efforts, learn of any new connections of the nature discussed herein, L&W

will so advise the Court in a timely manner as soon as reasonably practicable.

60. 
L&W will not, while employed by the Debtors, represent any other entity having

an adverse interest to the Debtors with respect to matters upon which the Debtors seek to retain

L&W during the pendency of the Chapter 11 Cases.

61. 
Insofar as I have been able to ascertain, I know of no conflict of interest that would

preclude L&W’s representation of the Debtors in the Chapter 11 Cases.

62. 
The foregoing constitutes the statement of L&W pursuant to sections 327(a), 329,

and 504 of the Bankruptcy Code and Bankruptcy Rules 2014(a) and 2016(b).

25

=== page 27 ===
Case 25-90669   Document 228-1   Filed in TXSB on 11/20/25   Page 27 of 66

Pursuant to 28 U.S.C. § 1746, to the best of my knowledge, information and belief, and

after reasonable inquiry, I declare under penalty of perjury that the foregoing is true and correct.

Dated: November 20, 2025 
New York, New York

/s/ Andrew M. Parlen 
 
Andrew M. Parlen

=== page 28 ===
Case 25-90669   Document 228-1   Filed in TXSB on 11/20/25   Page 28 of 66

Exhibit 1

Engagement Letter

=== page 29 ===
Docusign Envelope ID: 8E3566E2-0880-4394-B941-7FED1A9BF291
Case 25-90669   Document 228-1   Filed in TXSB on 11/20/25   Page 29 of 66

1271 Avenue of the Americas

New York, New York  10020-1401

Tel: +1.212.906.1200  Fax: +1.212.751.4864

www.lw.com

FIRM / AFFILIATE OFFICES

Austin 
Milan

Beijing 
Munich

Boston 
New York

Brussels 
Orange County

Century City 
Paris

Chicago 
Riyadh

July 18, 2025

Dubai 
San Diego

Düsseldorf 
San Francisco

Frankfurt 
Seoul

Hamburg 
Silicon Valley

Hong Kong 
Singapore

Houston 
Tel Aviv

London 
Tokyo

PGR Holdco GP, LLC 
130 Roberts Street 
Asheville, NC 28801 
Attn: Judith Hall

Los Angeles 
Washington, D.C.

Madrid

Re:  Engagement Letter

Dear Judy:

We are pleased to welcome PGR Holdco GP, LLC as a client of Latham & Watkins LLP 
(hereinafter referred to as “Latham” or the “Firm”).  This letter will confirm our discussions 
regarding your engagement of our Firm.

I. 
LEGAL SERVICES.

You have asked us to represent you in connection with strategic advice regarding the 
potential recapitalization of you and certain of your affiliates.  If we agree to provide additional 
services beyond those described above, our work will be governed by this letter unless 
superseded by another written agreement.  Our representation is limited to the specific services 
that we agree to undertake.

II. 
IDENTITY OF THE CLIENT.

Our client(s) in these matters will be solely PGR Holdco GP, LLC and any of its parent, 
subsidiary or affiliate entities or constituents identified to us in conjunction with these matters, or 
any such entity directly or indirectly controlled by PGR Holdco GP, LLC as a result of these 
matters (“the PGR Clients”).  We do not represent and will not be deemed to have an attorney-
client relationship with, nor owe professional duties to, any other of PGR Holdco GP, LLC’s 
current or future parents, limited partners, general partners, subsidiaries, shareholders, members, 
joint venture partners, employees, directors, management venturers or other affiliates or 
constituents solely on account of our representation of the PGR Clients under this engagement 
letter.  This means that we may act adverse to such entities to the same extent as would be 
permissible if we were not engaged to represent the PGR Clients.  We are distinguishing between 
the entities and persons who are and are not our clients so that it is clearly understood to whom 
our various duties as attorneys are owed.  If we subsequently agree to represent any additional 
clients after performing a conflicts check, the terms in this engagement letter (including, but not 
limited to terms governing conflicts of interest and arbitration of disputes) will apply to that 
representation unless we enter into a separate written agreement with such additional clients.

US-DOCS\161751186.3

=== page 30 ===
Docusign Envelope ID: 8E3566E2-0880-4394-B941-7FED1A9BF291
Case 25-90669   Document 228-1   Filed in TXSB on 11/20/25   Page 30 of 66

July 18, 2025 
Page 2

Because of the extraterritorial reach of Anti-Money Laundering laws in certain 
jurisdictions where Latham practices, we may need to collect identity-verification 
documentation. We will seek to collect any required documentation from publicly-available 
sources, but may request documentation directly from you.

We provide information to clients and others about our experience in particular areas. In 
this context it is helpful to be able to identify particular clients and matters. Of course, we would 
not publicize your matters in a manner that could harm your interests, and even where a matter is 
publicly known, we would not publicize it if you ask us not to do so. Otherwise, however, you 
consent now to our using in our marketing materials (such as pitches, website biographies, 
representative client lists, league tables, etc.) your name and logo in describing publicly known 
and non-sensitive matters we have handled for you.

III. 
ROLES OF ATTORNEY AND CLIENT.

Our responsibilities under this agreement are to provide legal services, and to provide 
statements to you that clearly state the basis for our fees and charges.

We will not disclose any confidential information of yours to any other client, even 
where that information might have some bearing on their interests. Likewise, we will not 
disclose the confidences of any other client to you, even where that information might have some 
bearing on your interests, and you agree that we are under no obligation to do so.  You agree to 
keep us informed of developments related to this representation and to pay our statements in a 
timely manner.  Latham will also check for conflicts of interest on an ongoing basis to ensure we 
are meeting our ethical obligations. The existence of a conflict depends on the parties involved in 
a specific matter, and therefore our engagement is contingent upon a formal clearing of conflicts 
after all interested parties are identified to us. Latham is able to search for conflicts via the firm’s 
conflicts database each time a new party becomes involved, or a new matter begins. To allow us 
to conduct a conflicts check, you represent that you have identified or will identify to us all 
persons and entities that are or may become involved in the matters we handle for you, whether 
affiliated with you or not.  We are relying on you to provide us with the names that are 
potentially relevant to this matter and any future matter in which we are engaged. We cannot 
identify conflicts in relation to individuals or entities whose names we have not searched.

During the course of this engagement, we may express opinions or beliefs to you about 
the effectiveness of various courses of action or about the results that might be anticipated.  Such 
statements are expressions of opinion only, and should not be construed as promises or 
guarantees.

Please also be aware that Latham has internal ethics and professional responsibility 
counsel, who advise Latham attorneys regarding their ethical, professional and legal duties.  
From time to time, the attorneys working on your matter may consult these lawyers at no cost to 
you.  You acknowledge that any such consultation is protected by Latham’s own attorney-client 
privilege, not subject to discovery, and is property of the firm and is not part of the Client File as 
defined in Section IV of this letter.

US-DOCS\161751186.3

=== page 31 ===
Docusign Envelope ID: 8E3566E2-0880-4394-B941-7FED1A9BF291
Case 25-90669   Document 228-1   Filed in TXSB on 11/20/25   Page 31 of 66

July 18, 2025 
Page 3

Certain laws (for example, those relating to money laundering and tax fraud) give power 
to authorities such as the police or tax authorities to inspect client information and take copies of 
documents.  In addition, in specific circumstances, these laws compel us to report information to 
the authorities even in the absence of a request.  It is possible that, at any time, we may be 
requested by these authorities to provide them with access to documents held by our firm, or to 
attend interviews with them in connection with the work we have done for you.  In the unlikely 
event that such a situation arises, we shall comply with the request only to the extent that we 
believe we are bound by law to do so and, insofar as it is practicable, shall notify you of the 
request or the sharing of information. As part of our service to you, we will do our best to protect 
your interests in those circumstances. We reserve the right to disclose any information to our 
professional indemnity insurers, advisers or bankers in connection with the operation of our 
client account.

IV. 
CLIENT FILES AND RETENTION.

In the course of your representation, we shall maintain a file in which we may store 
correspondence, agreements, governmental filings, prospectuses, disclosures, pleadings, 
deposition transcripts, exhibits, physical evidence, expert reports, and other items reasonably 
necessary to your representation (“Client File”), which shall be and remain your property.  Our 
internal communications, preliminary drafts, notes, and mental impressions (“Latham 
Materials”) shall be and remain our property and shall not be considered part of your Client File.  
Upon completion of a specific project, your original Client File for that project shall be available 
to you. We will be entitled to make copies if we choose, and such copies shall be and remain our 
property. You also agree at the conclusion of the project (whether or not you take possession of 
the Client File) to take possession of any and all original contracts, wills, stock certificates, and 
other such important documents that may be in the Client File and we shall have no further 
responsibility with regard to such documents.

If you do not take possession of the Client File at the conclusion of the project, we will 
store such file for you for at least seven years.  If you do not take possession of the Client File by 
the conclusion of the seven-year period, you relinquish ownership of it and agree that it shall 
become our sole property and we may dispose of it. In addition, in the event we are holding files 
of yours for other matters, you agree that after a seven-year period they shall become our sole 
property and we may dispose of them. You agree that we may enact and implement reasonable 
retention policies for Latham Materials and that we also have discretion to destroy such 
materials.

We will retain copyright and knowhow in all documents we draft during the course of our 
work for you, but we grant you a royalty free license to use the documents for your purposes.

US-DOCS\161751186.3

=== page 32 ===
Docusign Envelope ID: 8E3566E2-0880-4394-B941-7FED1A9BF291
Case 25-90669   Document 228-1   Filed in TXSB on 11/20/25   Page 32 of 66

July 18, 2025 
Page 4

V. 
CONFLICTS OF INTEREST.

You will have our complete loyalty with respect to any matter in which you engage our 
firm.  While we are representing you in a matter, including the matter that is described in this 
letter, we will have no other role in that matter for another party without your consent.

Prospective Waiver of Conflicts for Unrelated Matters

Latham is an international law firm with numerous attorneys and offices in many 
countries, serving clients in many different areas of law and industries, who may now or in the 
future operate in the same lines of business as you. It is possible that during the time we are 
representing you, some of our current or future clients may ask us to represent them in matters in 
which you are involved as another party. Both our own prudent business conduct, and the 
interests of our other clients, call for us to seek to retain the ability to accept matters for all of our 
clients.  We would rely on this prospective waiver only for matters where we are confident that 
we have not obtained any confidential information that would give our other client an advantage 
in the adverse matter.

By entering into this agreement, you consent in advance to our acceptance of matters 
adverse to any PGR Client (whether such matters are currently pending or arise in the future), 
provided the matters are not substantially related to any matters we are handling or have handled 
for you, including the following types of matters:

•
Litigation, arbitration, mediation, or any other form of dispute resolution or other
controversy matters;

•
Transactional matters; and

•
Any bankruptcy, regulatory, administrative, legislative or rulemaking proceeding.

By entering into this agreement, you consent in advance to such adverse representations. 
Thus, for example, you agree that we would be able to take on a new representation of a current 
or future client in a lawsuit in which any PGR Client is an adverse party at the same time that we 
are representing the PGR Clients, provided the adverse matter is not substantially related to any 
matters we are handling or have handled for you. This prospective waiver includes the assertion 
of any cross-claims or counter-claims adverse to any PGR Client.  Under the terms of this 
prospective waiver, we would also be able to represent a current or future client in a transactional 
matter across the table from any PGR Client at the same time that we are representing the PGR 
Clients, provided the adverse matter is not substantially related to any matters we are handling or 
have handled for you.

Waiver for Trees in M&A & Related Matters

In the event that we represent you in a transactional matter, now or in the future, you also 
agree that, in a matter where you are, or may be, competing with one or more other bidders or 
financers in an M&A matter or related financing, to allow our firm, with separate teams 
(commonly referred to as “trees”) that do not share information about the related matters (except

US-DOCS\161751186.3

=== page 33 ===
Docusign Envelope ID: 8E3566E2-0880-4394-B941-7FED1A9BF291
Case 25-90669   Document 228-1   Filed in TXSB on 11/20/25   Page 33 of 66

July 18, 2025 
Page 5

as may be agreed in respect of any particular subject such as shared regulatory, tax, and antitrust 
diligence) to represent other competing bidders and financing sources for other bidders.  We will 
not accept an engagement from another client in the situations described above unless we believe 
that our representation of that other client will not have an adverse effect on the exercise of our 
independent professional judgment on your behalf in the matters in which we represent you.

Waiver for Unrelated Representation of Counterparties

By entering into this agreement you agree that we may maintain a separate attorney-client 
relationship, in other matters not substantially related to our work for you, with persons or 
entities who are adverse to you in matters we handle for you (including adversaries in the matters 
described in this letter), and we may continue any such attorney-client relationships in which we 
are currently engaged. Thus, for example, if we represent you in an intellectual property matter 
adverse to party A, we may represent party A in an unrelated employee benefits matter.

You should feel completely free to consult other counsel concerning the contents of this 
Section V and we encourage you to do so. By signing this letter, you acknowledge that you have 
had an opportunity to consult with other counsel if you so desire, and provide your informed 
consent to the adverse representations described above.

VI. 
RATES, FEES AND CHARGES.

The PGR Clients have delivered or are in the process of delivering to Latham retainer 
funds with which Latham has established an evergreen advance payment retainer in the amount 
of $500,000.  This evergreen advance payment retainer, and all replenishments thereof, will be 
held by Latham as an advance toward our fees and charges in connection with this letter, but will 
not be put into a trust, escrow or segregated account.  To the extent that the amount of any of 
Latham’s invoice statements is less than the agreed upon evergreen advance payment retainer, 
the PGR Clients will pay Latham, promptly upon its receipt of Latham’s invoice statement, a 
further payment to bring the evergreen advance payment retainer to the agreed upon amount.  To 
the extent that the amount of Latham’s invoice statement is more than the agreed upon evergreen 
advance payment retainer, the PGR Clients will pay to Latham, promptly upon its receipt of 
Latham’s invoice statement, the excess amount plus the amount required to replenish the 
evergreen advance payment retainer.  In connection with any potential bankruptcy filing, Latham 
may request that the amount of the retainer be increased as reasonably agreed between the PGR 
Clients and Latham.  Any funds that you may deposit with us as an advance towards our fees and 
charges will be treated as property of the firm.  Any unused portion of such advance after our 
services are concluded will be promptly returned to you.

Our fees are based primarily on the amount of time spent by our lawyers, paralegals and 
other professionals on your behalf.  Each lawyer, paralegal and other professional assigned to 
this matter will have individual hourly billing rates, and the applicable rate multiplied by the 
number of hours spent, measured in tenths of an hour, will be the initial basis for determining our 
fee.

US-DOCS\161751186.3

=== page 34 ===
Docusign Envelope ID: 8E3566E2-0880-4394-B941-7FED1A9BF291
Case 25-90669   Document 228-1   Filed in TXSB on 11/20/25   Page 34 of 66

July 18, 2025 
Page 6

In general, our attorneys’ 2025 billing rates will range from $835 per hour to $2,850 per 
hour, depending upon the seniority and expertise of the attorney involved.  For paralegal and 
other professional time, our 2025 rates will range from $305 to $1,550 per hour.

In addition to fees, you agree to pay for disbursements and other charges.  These will 
include such items as use of fee-based research databases (90% of the third-party vendor rate or 
1.25 times our volume-discounted cost depending on vendor); couriers and air freight (1.10 times 
our volume-discounted cost); messengers (at third-party vendor rate); client-specific work by 
staff; staff overtime and meals (as defined by federal or local law); transportation (where dictated 
by safety reasons, and which may include a transaction fee); word processing; postage, at cost; 
supplies (for large volume only); and other reasonable costs and expenses.  For disbursements 
over $5,000, we may ask that billings be sent directly to you or that advances be provided.

In the event we are compelled to testify or respond to a subpoena or other legal process in 
relation to a matter we have handled for you, you agree that we are entitled to be reimbursed for 
our time in doing so at our then-current rate, and for our expenses reasonably incurred, even if 
our attorney-client relationship with you is terminated at that time.

When our personnel travel, we generally utilize business class for international flights.  
Through a third-party travel management company, in-house travel services are provided for our 
U.S. offices.  A ticketing fee of $30 will be charged for fares up to $300, and $75 will be charged 
for fares over $300.  There are no additional charges for changes to reservations or for 
reimbursement of unused tickets.  Our personnel bill for travel time, but if they work on another 
matter while traveling for you, you will not be billed for that time.

We intend to provide statements to you on a monthly basis.  They will show our time 
logged in tenth-of-an-hour increments and will separate fees from disbursements and other 
charges.  Payment of our statements is due promptly upon receipt.  Our rates are based on our 
receiving payment within thirty (30) days.  Should this matter involve an immediate or expected 
bankruptcy filing, however, we may provide invoice statements on a more frequent basis for 
immediate payment upon the receipt of our invoices.

We may choose to terminate our relationship with you, subject to any applicable ethics 
rules, in the event that our fees are not paid in accordance with the terms of this engagement 
letter or other agreement.

Our billing rates and charges are usually revised annually, but we reserve the right to 
revise them at other times.  Following any such revision, our new rates and charges will be 
applied to your account, and this letter constitutes written notice to you of our right to make such 
revisions.

From time to time, you may request estimates of the fees and charges that we anticipate 
incurring on your behalf.  These estimates are subject to unforeseen circumstances and are by 
their nature inexact.  While we may provide estimates for your general planning purposes, such 
estimates are subordinate to our regular billing procedures, absent an express written agreement 
to the contrary.

US-DOCS\161751186.3

=== page 35 ===
Docusign Envelope ID: 8E3566E2-0880-4394-B941-7FED1A9BF291
Case 25-90669   Document 228-1   Filed in TXSB on 11/20/25   Page 35 of 66

July 18, 2025 
Page 7

If any dispute should arise between us and you as to fees, subject to certain conditions 
you may have the right to require that the dispute be arbitrated.

VII. 
DATA PROTECTION, USE OF DATA & COMMERCIAL COMMUNICATIONS 
BY EMAIL.

In order to provide legal services and maintain our business relationship, the firm may 
use personal information about you and other individuals at your organization. Details of how we 
use this information are set out in our Client and Third Party Privacy Notice which can be found 
on our website at www.lw.com/privacy.

To the extent that you share with us information about California residents that comprises 
“personal information” for purposes of the California Consumer Privacy Act and implementing 
regulations (“CCPA”) in connection with our provision of services covered by this letter, and 
neither §§ 1798.140(ad)(2)1 nor §§ 1798.145(c)-(e)2 of the CCPA apply, we shall be a service 
provider and only collect, retain, use and disclose such information for the purpose of providing 
the services covered by this letter, or as otherwise permitted by the CCPA. To the extent this 
paragraph applies, you will provide notice to such California individuals that you may disclose 
such information to service providers such as Latham.

We have made a commitment through our Binding Corporate Rules to apply a consistent 
standard across the firm when collecting, using and managing personal information. If you have 
any questions about how we use your personal information or wish to exercise your rights, please 
contact the Global Data Protection Officer at DataPrivacy@lw.com.

We may continue to engage third-party vendors to support firm-wide day-to-day business 
activities and provide technology resources including print/mail services, shredding, SaaS 
services (which may include software that utilizes artificial intelligence (AI)), offsite records and 
data storage, translation services, etc. All such vendors shall be subject to confidentiality and 
data security obligations and, where applicable, appropriate data processing terms. Your data 
will not be used to train any large language models (“LLMs”) that are made publicly available or 
hosted on open platforms accessible to the general public, and all results from AI tools will be 
reviewed by qualified lawyers who are trained on the ethical and responsible use of AI. For the 
avoidance of doubt, all data processed by such vendors will be maintained in a manner consistent 
with Latham’s professional obligations to you as a client. To the extent a third-party vendor is 
required specifically for one of your matters (e.g., the engagement of an expert, forensic analysis, 
local counsel), you will be notified and asked to consent to the vendor engagement.

1 i.e., the CCPA’s other exceptions to sale, namely: direction by the individual to share,
sharing to alert the recipient that the individual has opted out of selling, and sharing as an asset 
that is part of merger, acquisition, bankruptcy or other business transaction.

2 i.e., the CCPA’s exclusion of any information: collected as part of a clinical trial;
bearing on an individual’s credit; processed by financial institutions to provide financial services 
pursuant to the GLBA; or comprising identifiable health information governed by HIPAA.

US-DOCS\161751186.3

=== page 36 ===
Docusign Envelope ID: 8E3566E2-0880-4394-B941-7FED1A9BF291
Case 25-90669   Document 228-1   Filed in TXSB on 11/20/25   Page 36 of 66

July 18, 2025 
Page 8

We constantly attempt to improve our service, and monitor developments in the law and 
practice. Periodically we may send information about this, including brochures and press releases 
and invitations to seminars or talks, if we believe that they may be of interest to you. You agree 
that we may send information of this kind by email to you and others at your organization with 
whom we have contact. You can opt out at any time.

VIII. ARBITRATION OF DISPUTES.

Any controversy or claim, whether in tort, contract or otherwise, arising out of or relating 
to the relationship between any PGR Client, its affiliates or successors (the “Client Arbitration 
Parties”) and Latham, its affiliated partnerships, attorneys or staff or any of their successors (the 
“Latham Arbitration Parties”) or the services provided or the fees charged by the Latham 
Arbitration Parties pursuant to this engagement letter or otherwise to the Client Arbitration 
Parties shall be finally resolved by arbitration in accordance with the International Institute for 
Conflict Prevention and Resolution Rules for Non-Administered Arbitration (“CPR Rules”).  By 
agreeing to arbitrate, the parties are agreeing to waive their right to a jury trial.  This arbitration 
clause and any arbitration shall be governed by the Federal Arbitration Act, 9 U.S.C.  §§ 1 et seq.  
The seat of the arbitration shall be New York, New York, but any hearings may be held in, and 
to the extent state law is applicable the arbitrators shall apply the substantive law of, the state in 
which the Latham office is located whose attorneys spent the most amount of time on the matter 
in dispute. Any issue concerning the location of the arbitration, the extent to which any dispute is 
subject to arbitration, or the applicability, interpretation, or enforceability of this agreement shall 
be resolved by all of the arbitrators.  All aspects of the arbitration shall be treated as confidential, 
and neither the parties nor the arbitrators may disclose the existence, content or results of the 
arbitration, except as necessary to comply with insurance, legal or regulatory requirements. Any 
party that discloses any information about the arbitration under the preceding sentence, or makes 
any filing in any court related to a dispute covered by this clause, shall take all lawful steps to 
ensure confidential treatment, including without limitation filing under seal.  The arbitration 
panel shall be entitled to award any damages provided for under the state law that is controlling.

IX. 
LIMITED LIABILITY PARTNERSHIP.

Latham is a limited liability partnership (LLP).  Similar to the corporate form of business 
organization, the LLP form generally limits the liability of the individual partners of the firm to 
the capital they have invested in the firm for claims arising from services performed by the firm.  
Our form of organization as an LLP will not diminish the ability to recover damages from the 
firm or from any individuals who directly caused the loss.

Because of legal requirements in those countries, work done out of our firm’s offices in 
England, France, Italy, Hong Kong, Japan, and Singapore will be carried out through affiliated 
partnerships registered locally. Latham operates in Israel through a limited liability company, in 
South Korea as a Foreign Legal Consultant Office, and in Saudi Arabia through a limited 
liability company. These distinctions will not impact on the provision of legal services by our 
firm, although invoices may be issued to you through an affiliate.

X. 
ENTIRE AGREEMENT AND MISCELLANEOUS.

US-DOCS\161751186.3

=== page 37 ===
Docusign Envelope ID: 8E3566E2-0880-4394-B941-7FED1A9BF291
Case 25-90669   Document 228-1   Filed in TXSB on 11/20/25   Page 37 of 66

July 18, 2025 
Page 9

You and we understand that this letter constitutes the entire agreement pertaining to the 
engagement of Latham, and that it shall not be modified by any policies, procedures, guidelines 
or correspondence from you or your representative unless agreed to in writing by Latham, 
notwithstanding anything we may be required to acknowledge in order to use your electronic 
billing software now or in the future.

All parties signing this letter represent and warrant that they are fully authorized to enter 
into this agreement, and in the case of signatories agreeing on behalf of organizations, to bind the 
organization or organizations to the terms in this letter.

The words “execution,” “execute”, “signed,” “signature,” and words of like import in or 
related to this Engagement Letter and/or any document to be signed in connection with this 
Engagement Letter and the transactions contemplated hereby shall be deemed to include 
electronic signatures, the electronic matching of assignment terms and contract formations on 
electronic platforms approved by Latham, or the keeping of records in electronic form, each of 
which shall be of the same legal effect, validity or enforceability as a manually executed 
signature or the use of a paper-based recordkeeping system, as the case may be, to the extent and 
as provided for in any applicable law, including the Federal Electronic Signatures in Global and 
National Commerce Act, the New York State Electronic Signatures and Records Act, or any 
other similar state laws based on the Uniform Electronic Transactions Act.

Either party can terminate the attorney-client relationship on this matter by notice to the 
other party. Otherwise, our relationship with you will be deemed concluded when we have 
completed our agreed-upon services, except that for the avoidance of doubt, your obligations for 
fees and charges shall survive.  In addition, and without limiting the preceding sentence, in the 
event we have performed no work on your behalf for six consecutive months, you agree that our 
attorney-client relationship with you will have been terminated.

XI. 
APPROVAL AND RETURN OF LETTER.

If this letter meets with your approval, please sign and return the enclosed copy.  If we do 
not receive a signed copy, this Engagement Letter shall be deemed accepted upon your 
engagement of Latham to perform any services related to the matter described herein or any 
future matters.  By accepting services from Latham, you acknowledge and agree to the terms and 
conditions set forth in this Engagement Letter.

We look forward to working with you.

Sincerely,

/s/ Ray C. Schrock

Ray C. Schrock

of LATHAM & WATKINS LLP

US-DOCS\161751186.3

=== page 38 ===
Docusign Envelope ID: 8E3566E2-0880-4394-B941-7FED1A9BF291
Case 25-90669   Document 228-1   Filed in TXSB on 11/20/25   Page 38 of 66

July 18, 2025 
Page 10

Approval of Engagement

PGR Holdco GP, LLC, on behalf of itself and the other PGR Clients, agrees to the terms 
of the enclosed letter, effective as of the date on which Latham & Watkins LLP first provided 
services to the PGR Clients.

By signing this letter, PGR Holdco GP, LLC, on behalf of itself and the other PGR 
Clients, acknowledges that the PGR Clients have been afforded the full opportunity to review it 
and to seek the advice of independent counsel, and either have in fact consulted with such 
independent counsel or have chosen not to do so.

BY SIGNING THIS LETTER, PGR HOLDCO GP, LLC, ON BEHALF OF ITSELF 
AND THE OTHER PGR CLIENTS, AGREES TO HAVE ANY ISSUE ARISING OUT OF OR 
RELATING TO THE SERVICES OF THE LATHAM ARBITRATION PARTIES 
(INCLUDING ANY CLAIM FOR PROFESSIONAL LIABILITY) DECIDED IN 
ARBITRATION, AND PGR HOLDCO GP, LLC, ON BEHALF OF ITSELF AND THE 
OTHER PGR CLIENTS, GIVES UP THEIR RIGHT TO A JURY OR COURT TRIAL AND 
ACKNOWLEDGE THE ARBITRATION PROVISION IN SECTION VIII ABOVE.

Date:  July ___, 2025.

21

PGR Holdco GP, LLC,

a Delaware limited liability company

By:

Judith A. Hall

Name:

Chief Legal Officer & General Counsel

Title:

US-DOCS\161751186.3

=== page 39 ===
Case 25-90669   Document 228-1   Filed in TXSB on 11/20/25   Page 39 of 66

Appendix 11

Master List of Potential Parties in Interest2

1  
Pursuant to the Creditor Matrix Order [Docket No. 117], the Debtors were “authorized, but not directed, to redact 
all personally identifiable information of Individuals or any other natural person on … documents filed with the 
Court.”  Creditor Matrix Order, ¶ 3.  Accordingly, this Appendix 1 redacts the names of individuals identified, 
except certain individuals whose identities have been publicly disclosed through other filings in the Chapter 11 
Case.  Parties in interest may, in accordance with the Creditor Matrix Order, request an unredacted version of this 
Appendix 1 by following the procedures set forth in the Creditor Matrix Order.  See id.

2  
This list (and the categories contained herein) are for purposes of a conflicts check only and should not be relied 
upon by any party as a list of creditors or for any other purpose.  L&W has attempted to remove duplicate entries 
where possible.  Accordingly, a party that otherwise would fall under multiple categories is likely to be listed 
under only one category.  Additionally, certain of the Debtors’ debt obligations or equity interests may be held 
by more than one affiliated entity within the same financial institution.  Where the affiliation of such entities is 
obvious based on their names, only one entity is included herein.

=== page 40 ===
Case 25-90669   Document 228-1   Filed in TXSB on 11/20/25   Page 40 of 66

Crestmark, A Division of Metabank,

National Association 
De Lage Landen Financial Services, Inc. 
Deutsche Bank 
Deutsche Bank Trust Company Americas 
Enhanced Capital 
Everlasting Resources, LLC 
Fifth Third Bancorp 
First Financial Holdings, LLC 
First Solar, Inc. 
First-Citizens Bank & Trust Company 
FNB Equipment Finance 
FP Solar Development I LLC 
Fundamental 
Fundamental Advisors LP 
Name on File 
GC PGR Holdco, LLC 
Generate Lending, LLC 
GreatAmerica Financial Services

Bankruptcy Judges 
Chief Judge Eduardo V. Rodriguez 
Judge Alfredo R Pérez 
Judge Christopher M. Lopez 
Judge Jeffrey P. Norman 
Judge Marvin Isgur 
 
Bankruptcy Professional – Retained 
Alvarez and Marsal 
Hunton Andrews Kurth LLP 
Joele Frank 
Latham & Watkins 
Lazard 
Omni Agent Solutions 
 
Banks/Lender/UCC Lien 
Parties/Administrative Agents 
Amazon Treasury Cash Management 
Avana 
Banco Bilbao Vizcaya Argentaria, New

York Branch 
Banco Santander, S.A., New York Branch 
Bayerische Landesbank, New York Branch 
BayernLB Holding AG 
Bid Administrator LLC 
Blackstone Inc. 
Brookfield Asset Management Ltd. 
C T Corporation System 
C. Jackson Horne DBA Charles E. Horne 
Canadian Solar (USA) Inc. 
Capital Bank, N.A. 
Carlyle Global Credit Investment

Corporation 
Greenprint Capital Management LLC 
JP Morgan Chase 
Komatsu Financial Limited Partnership 
Kubota Credit Corporation, U.S.A. 
Live Oak Bank 
Live Oak Banking Company 
Lloyds 
Macquarie 
Marsh McLennan Agency 
Mativ Holdings, Inc. 
Midland States Bank 
Mitsubishi UFJ Financial Group, Inc. 
MMA 2021 Dev Holdco 
Moorhead Brothers, Inc. 
Morgan Stanley 
MPC FED CI Energy Fund III LLC

Management L.L.C 
Caterpillar Financial Services Corporation 
Celtic 
Churchill Renewables Energy Finance LLC 
CIT Bank 
CIT Bank, N.A., as Collateral Agent 
CITI BANK 
City National Bank 
CoBank 
Corporation Service Company 
Corporation Service Company, as

(Monarch) 
MPC FED Lantana Solar 
MUFG 
MUFG Bank, Ltd. 
MUFG Union Bank, N.A. 
National Bank of Canada 
Nextracker LLC DBA Nextracker Inc. 
Norddeutsche Landesbank- Girozentrale 
Norddeutsche Landesbank, New York

Representative 
Crestmark

(Nord)

=== page 41 ===
Case 25-90669   Document 228-1   Filed in TXSB on 11/20/25   Page 41 of 66

Pathward Financial, Inc. 
Pathward, National Association 
Pinnacle Bank 
Red Stone 
RES America Developments Inc. 
Santander 
Seminole 
Siemens 
Singlepoint / US Bank 
SMBC 
Societe Generale 
Sol Systems 
Solar Construction Lending, LLC 
Solar Development Lending, LLC 
SolCap 
SolCap + Monarch 
Standard Chartered 
Sumitomo Mitsui Finance & Leasing Co.,

Ltd. 
The Canadian Imperial Bank of Commerce,

Cascade Pledgor, LLC 
Catalina Solar Borrower, LLC 
Catalina Solar Holdings, LLC 
FP 2021 Dev Holdco, LLC 
GA Solar 5, LLC 
GH Pledge Borrower, LLC 
Grande Holdco Borrower II, LLC 
Grande Holdco Borrower, LLC 
Grande Holdco, LLC 
Limewood Bell Renewables LLC 
Lotus Solar, LLC 
Magnolia Solar Development LLC 
NPA 2023 Holdco, LLC 
NPA PGR Blocker Holdco, LLC 
NPA Polaris DevCo Holdco, LLC 
NPA Polaris DevCo Pledgor, LLC 
NPA Polaris OpCo Holdco, LLC 
Old Hayneville Solar, LLC 
PG Dev Carver Holdco, LLC 
PGC Solar Holdings Holdco I, LLC 
PGC Solar Holdings Holdco II, LLC 
PGC Solar Holdings I Managing Member,

LLC 
PGC Solar Holdings I, LLC 
PGR 2020 Lessor 7, LLC 
PGR 2021 Fund 13, LLC 
PGR 2021 Fund 17, LLC 
PGR 2021 Fund 18, LLC 
PGR 2021 Fund 4, LLC 
PGR 2021 Fund 9, LLC 
PGR 2021 Holdco 11, LLC 
PGR 2021 Holdco 12, LLC 
PGR 2021 Holdco 13, LLC 
PGR 2021 Holdco 15, LLC 
PGR 2021 Holdco 17, LLC 
PGR 2021 Holdco 18, LLC 
PGR 2021 Holdco 19, LLC 
PGR 2021 Holdco 4, LLC 
PGR 2021 Holdco 9, LLC 
PGR 2021 Manager 13, LLC 
PGR 2021 Manager 17, LLC 
PGR 2021 Manager 18, LLC 
PGR 2021 Manager 4, LLC 
PGR 2021 Manager 9, LLC 
PGR 2022 Fund 1, LLC 
PGR 2022 Fund 2, LLC

New York Branch 
The Carlyle Group Inc. 
Torys LLP 
Truist Bank 
U.S. Bank National Association 
United Community Bank (UCB) 
US Bank 
WebBank 
West Town Bank & Trust 
Western Equipment Finance 
Wilmington Trust, National Association 
Zions Bancorporation, N.A. 
Zions Bank 
 
Debtors 
BF Dev Holdco Pledgor, LLC 
BF Dev Holdco, LLC 
Blue Northern Power, LLC 
Blue Ridge Power Holding Company, LLC 
Blue Ridge Power, LLC 
Blue Ridge Solar, LLC 
BRP Construction, Inc. 
BRP HBC Guarantor, LLC 
BRP HBC Holdco, LLC 
Cascade Dev Holdco, LLC 
Cascade NTP Holdco, LLC

2

=== page 42 ===
Case 25-90669   Document 228-1   Filed in TXSB on 11/20/25   Page 42 of 66

PGR 2022 Fund 4, LLC 
PGR 2022 Fund 5, LLC 
PGR 2022 Fund 8, LLC 
PGR 2022 Fund 9, LLC 
PGR 2022 Holdco 1, LLC 
PGR 2022 Holdco 2, LLC 
PGR 2022 Holdco 8, LLC 
PGR 2022 Holdco 9, LLC 
PGR 2022 Manager 1, LLC 
PGR 2022 Manager 2, LLC 
PGR 2022 Manager 4, LLC 
PGR 2022 Manager 5, LLC 
PGR 2022 Manager 8, LLC 
PGR 2022 Manager 9, LLC 
PGR 2022 Sponsor Holdco, LLC 
PGR 2023 Fund 1, LLC 
PGR 2023 Fund 6, LLC 
PGR 2023 Holdco 1, LLC 
PGR 2023 Lessee 6, LLC 
PGR 2023 Manager 1, LLC 
PGR 2023 Manager 6, LLC 
PGR 2024 Sponsor Holdco, LLC 
PGR Blocker Holdco, LLC 
PGR Blue Ridge Power Holdings, LLC 
PGR Carver Holdco, LLC 
PGR CC Affiliate Purchaser LLC 
PGR Guarantor, LLC 
PGR Holdco GP, LLC 
PGR Holdco, LP 
PGR MS Affiliate Purchaser LLC 
PGR Procurement, LLC 
PGR Signature Fund 1 Manager, LLC 
Pine Gate Asset Management, LLC 
Pine Gate Assets, LLC 
Pine Gate Carver Holdings, LLC 
Pine Gate Dev Holdco, LLC 
Pine Gate Development, LLC 
Pine Gate Energy Capital, LLC 
Pine Gate EPC, LLC 
Pine Gate Fund Management, LLC 
Pine Gate O&M, LLC 
Pine Gate Renewables, LLC 
Polaris DevCo Borrower A, LLC 
Polaris DevCo Borrower B, LLC 
Polaris DevCo Pledgor A, LLC 
Polaris DevCo Pledgor B, LLC

Polaris OpCo Borrower B, LLC 
Polaris OpCo Pledgor A, LLC 
Polaris OpCo Pledgor B, LLC 
PW Blocker Holdco, LLC 
PW Revolver Borrower, LLC 
Rio Lago Solar, LLC 
Solar Carver 1, LLC 
Solar Carver 3, LLC 
Stowe Solar, LLC 
Sunstone Solar 1, LLC 
Sunstone Solar 2, LLC 
Sunstone Solar 3, LLC 
Sunstone Solar 4, LLC 
Sunstone Solar 5, LLC 
Sunstone Solar 6, LLC 
Sunstone Solar, LLC 
West River Solar, LLC 
 
Director/Officer 
Arden, Todd 
Bartels, Patrick 
Besherse, Chaye 
Bielenberg, Aaron 
Catt, Benjamin 
Dunbar, Chris 
Goldman, Neal 
Hall, Judith 
Holland, Michael 
Lloyd, Clint 
North, Phil 
Ortega, James 
Ortiz, Rick 
Osmars, Kim 
Ramu, Laxman 
Ross, Jeffrey 
Sanders, David 
Saxon, Jonathan 
Shem, Raymond 
Smith, Steve 
Stein, Douglas 
Transier, Bill 
Wartell, Michael 
Weber, Bru 
White, Martin 
Zinman, Jonathan

3

=== page 43 ===
Case 25-90669   Document 228-1   Filed in TXSB on 11/20/25   Page 43 of 66

Insurance 
ACE American Insurance Company 
AFCO Premium Credit LLC 
AIG Mergers and Acquisitions Insurance

Ethos Specialty Insurance Services 
Euclid Transactional, LLC 
Evanston Insurance Company 
Everest Indemnity Insurance Company 
Everest National Insurance Company 
Evergreen Resources, LLC - Structured

Group 
AIG Specialty Insurance Company 
ALBUS 
Allianz Global Risks US Insurance

Investments Team 
Falcon Claims Services 
Firstar Development, LLC 
Fortegra Specialty Insurance Company 
Fusion Specialty Americas Insurance

Company 
Allianz Underwriters Insurance Company 
Allied World Assurance Company (U.S.)

Services LLC Excess Tax Indemnity 
Gallagher Bassett 
Gemini Insurance Company 
General Security Indemnity Company of

Inc. 
Ambridge Partners LLC 
AmTrust EXEC 
Amwins Insurance Brokerage LLC 
Amwins Insurance Brokerage of Georgia 
Aon Risk Services Northeast, Inc. 
Arch Specialty Insurance Company 
Archer Transactional 
Ascot Underwriting Limited 
ASQ Underwriting 
Aviva Insurance Company 
AXIS Surplus Insurance Company 
Balance Partners, LLC 
Beazley Insurance Company, Inc. 
Berkshire Hathaway Specialty Insurance

Arizona 
Great American E&S Insurance Company 
Hartford Fire Insurance Company 
HDI Global Specialty SE 
Hiscox Insurance Company Inc. 
Homeland Insurance Company of New York 
Houston Specialty Insurance Company 
Howden 
Hudson Insurance Company 
Illinois Union Insurance Company 
Lexington Insurance Company 
Liberty Mutual Insurance Europe SE 
Liberty Surplus Insurance Corporation 
Liberty Surplus Insurance Corporation (A

New Hampshire Stock Insurance 
Company) 
Lloyd's America 
Lloyds of London 
Lloyd's Syndicate 
Markel International Insurance Company

Company 
Birch Risk Advisors 
BlueChip Underwriting Services LLC 
Brit Syndicates Limited 
CFC Underwriting Limited 
Chubb 
Chubb Custom Insurance Company 
Chubb Financial Lines 
Chubb North American Claims 
Chubb Property Claims 
Claims Manager Of National Claims

Limited 
Marsh Specialty 
Marsh USA LLC 
Mosaic Americas Insurance Services LLC 
Munich Re Syndicate 
National Union Fire Insurance Co Pittsburgh

Services 
CNA Claims Reporting 
Continental Casualty Company 
Convex Insurance UK Ltd 
CRC Insurance Services Inc 
DUAL Commercial LLC 
DUAL Transactional Risk 
Endurance American Specialty Insurance

PA 
Navigators Specialty Insurance Co 
Old Republic Union Insurance Company 
Palms Insurance Company 
Partnerre Ireland Insurance DAC

Company

4

=== page 44 ===
Case 25-90669   Document 228-1   Filed in TXSB on 11/20/25   Page 44 of 66

ALLUVIAL POWER LLC 
Alpha Value Solar, LLC 
Althea Solar LLC 
Amaryllis Solar, LLC 
Amazonite Solar, LLC 
Amethyst Solar, LLC 
Amphion Solar, LLC (fka Blue Heron Solar,

Power Energy Risk 
QBE Specialty Insurance Company 
QBE UK Limited 
Resilience Cyber Insurance Solutions 
Roche Freedman LLP 
RP Underwriting, Inc. 
RSG Insurance Services of Canada Limited 
RSG Underwriting Managers, LLC 
Ryan Transactional Risk 
Starr Indemnity & Liability Company 
Starr Surplus Lines Insurance Company 
Swiss Re Corporate Solutions Capacity

Insurance Corporation 
Talbot Specialty Insurance Services Inc. 
The Burlington Insurance Company 
The Princeton Excess and Surplus Lines

LLC) 
Amphion Storage, LLC 
Anchors Aweigh Solar, LLC 
Andromeda Solar, LLC 
Apex Solar, LLC (fka Pruitt Solar 1, LLC) 
Appalachian Data Center, LLC 
Aquadale Solar, LLC 
Ark Solar, LLC 
Aster Solar, LLC 
Atkinson Solar II, LLC 
Autumn Sage Storage, LLC 
Ayars Solar, LLC fka Ayers Solar, LLC

Insurance Company 
Themis Capital LLP 
Travelers Excess & Surplus Lines Company 
U.S. Bancorp Community Development

(req. to be dissolved rec.) 
BACK BAY SOLAR, LLC 
Badlands Solar, LLC 
Baffin Bay Storage, LLC f/k/a Baffin Bay

Corporation 
United Specialty Insurance Company 
VALE Insurance Services, LLC 
Venture Underwriters LLC 
Volante International Limited 
Volante Specialty Risk, LLC 
Wesco Insurance Company 
Westchester Surplus Lines Insurance Co 
Westfield Specialty Insurance Company 
Westfield Specialty LTD 
Zurich American Insurance Company 
Zurich Excess Select Insurance Policy 
 
Known Affiliates – JV 
Ace High Solar, LLC 
ACT Power Services Holding Company

Guarantor, LLC 
ACT Power Services Holding Company,

Solar. LLC 
Baltzer Solar, LLC 
Banjo Solar, LLC 
Banner Solar, LLC 
Barberry Solar, LLC 
Barksdale Branch Solar, LLC 
Barnwell Solar, LLC 
Bay Laurel Solar, LLC 
Bayou Solar, LLC 
Beacon Solar, LLC (fka Fowl Solar, LLC) 
Bear Claw Solar, LLC 
Bear Creek Solar, LLC 
Beaver Bayou LLC 
Beaver Creek Solar, LLC 
Beaver Point Solar, LLC 
Bedlam Solar, LLC 
Bee Balm Solar, LLC 
Bell Song Solar, LLC 
Belle Storage, LLC 
Bergamot Solar, LLC 
Berrien Solar, LLC 
Beulah Solar, LLC 
Bigham Solar, LLC

LLC 
ACT Power Services, LLC 
ACT WTB Project Holdco, LLC 
Agate Solar, LLC 
Alabaster Solar, LLC 
Alabaster Storage LLC 
Alight Solar, LLC 
Allora Solar, LLC

5

=== page 45 ===
Case 25-90669   Document 228-1   Filed in TXSB on 11/20/25   Page 45 of 66

Camelot Storage, LLC 
Cameron Solar II, LLC 
Cane Creek Solar, LLC 
Cardinal Solar, LLC 
Carnelian Solar, LLC 
Carolina Wren Solar, LLC 
Carpenter Storage, LLC 
Cash Solar, LLC 
Caspian Solar, LLC 
Cassia Solar, LLC 
Catalina Solar, LLC (fka Aquarius Solar,

LLC) 
Cathcart Solar, LLC fka Dan River Solar,

Bighorn Solar, LLC 
Billings Solar, LLC 
Birch Solar, LLC 
Black Lab Solar, LLC 
Black Swamp Solar, LLC 
Bladenboro Farm 2, LLC - Fund F 
Blanco Creek Solar, LLC 
Blue Granite Solar, LLC 
Blue Hen Storage, LLC 
Blue Jacket Storage, LLC 
Blue Moon Solar, LLC 
Blue Ridge Infrastructure, LLC 
Blue Ridge Power 
Blue Ridge Solar, LLC fka Greeley Solar,

LLC 
Cavalier Storage, LLC 
Cavalry Solar, LLC 
Cedar Elm Solar, LLC 
Cedar Grove Solar, LLC 
Celestine Solar, LLC 
Centerfield Cooper Solar, LLC 
Champion Solar, LLC - Fund D 
Chelios Solar, LLC 
Cherry Tree Solar, LLC 
Chicory Solar, LLC (fka Le Printemps

LLC (Project Entity) 
Blue Topaz Solar, LLC 
Bluegrass Solar, LLC 
Bolo Solar, LLC 
Bonefish Solar, LLC 
BRE NC Solar 3, LLC 
Breezeway Solar, LLC 
Brick City Solar, LLC 
Brightwood Solar LLC 
Broadway Road Solar, LLC 
Brown Rabbit Solar, LLC fka Rutherford

Solar, LLC 
Broxton Solar, LLC fka Woodbury Solar,

LLC fka Kolomoki Solar, LLC 
Bruni Solar, LLC 
Brush Creek Solar, LLC 
BT Jungmann, LLC 
Bucktail Solar, LLC 
Buffalo Grass Solar, LLC (fka Sunspiration

Solar, LLC) 
Bulldog Solar, LLC 
Bush Knob Solar, LLC 
Buttercup Solar, LLC 
Cabin Creek Solar, LLC fka Flat Top Solar,

Solar, LLC) 
Chowan Jehu Road Solar, LLC 
Circinus Solar, LLC 
Citrine Solar, LLC 
Clarksbury Solar, LLC 
Claxton Solar Project, LLC 
Clear Sky Storage 1, LLC 
Clear Spring Branch Solar, LLC 
Clipper Solar, LLC 
Clovelly Solar, LLC 
Clovis Storage, LLC fka Clovis Solar, LLC 
CL-Viaduct LLC 
Cobalt Solar, LLC 
Cochran Storage, LLC 
Collett Solar, LLC 
Columbiana Solar, LLC 
Coogee Solar, LLC 
Cool Breeze Solar, LLC 
Cool Breeze Storage, LLC 
Copperwood Solar, LLC 
Corvus Solar, LLC 
Coxton Lake Solar, LLC

LLC 
Cactus Wren Solar, LLC 
Caelum Solar, LLC 
Caleana Solar, LLC 
Calico Storage, LLC 
Callisto Solar, LLC 
Camellia Solar, LLC 
Camelot Solar, LLC

6

=== page 46 ===
Case 25-90669   Document 228-1   Filed in TXSB on 11/20/25   Page 46 of 66

ESA Albemarle NC, LLC fka ESA Silver

Coyote Prowl Solar, LLC 
Coyote Prowl Storage, LLC 
Crepe Myrtle Solar, LLC 
Crescent Solar, LLC f/k/a Cresent Solar,

LLC 
Crossvine Solar, LLC 
Cubera Solar, LLC 
Dalumi Fund 1, LLC 
Dalumi Holdco 1, LLC 
Dalumi Lessee 1, LLC 
Dalumi Lessor 1, LLC 
Dalumi Manager 1, LLC 
Damselfly Solar, LLC 
Danielson Pike Solar, LLC 
Dark Star Solar, LLC 
Darlington Solar, LLC 
Day Tripper Storage, LLC (fka Day Tripper

Solar, LLC) 
DAYBREAK DEVELOPMENT

Mine, LLC 
ESA Four Oaks 2 NC LLC 
ESA Hamlet NC LLC 
Estrella Solar, LLC 
Evans Solar, LLC 
Excalibur Solar, LLC 
Fable Solar, LLC 
Fairgrounds Solar, LLC 
Falling Feather Solar, LLC 
Falling Feather Storage, LLC 
Fathom Storage, LLC 
FCM RESOURCES, LLC 
Ferguson Solar, LLC 
Fiddlehead Solar, LLC 
Fieldmouse Solar, LLC 
Filo Solar, LLC 
Firewheel Tech, LLC 
First Rate Solar, LLC 
Fishtrap Solar, LLC 
Flat Water Solar, LLC 
Flycatcher Solar, LLC 
Flywheel Solar, LLC 
Foley Solar, LLC fka Hecate Energy Foley

LLC 
Forsythia Solar, LLC 
Founder Solar, LLC 
Four Craters Solar, LLC 
Foxglove Solar, LLC 
Freedom Solar, LLC - Fund C 
Freight Line Solar, LLC (fka Argonite Solar,

SERVICES LLC 
Dayglow Solar, LLC 
Daylily Solar, LLC 
De Tilla Solar, LLC 
Deep Dish Solar, LLC 
Desert Solitaire Solar, LLC 
Desert Willow Solar, LLC 
Dew Drop Solar, LLC 
Diadem Solar, LLC 
Digeronimo Storage, LLC 
Dobra Solar, LLC 
Donich Farms Solar, LLC 
Drawhorn Solar, LLC 
Drift Creek Solar, LLC 
Driftwood Solar, LLC 
Dwarf Lake Solar, LLC 
Dwiggins Place LLC 
Earthshine Solar, LLC 
East Atmore Solar, LLC fka Hecate Energy

East Atmore LLC 
Eastover Solar, LLC 
Eclipse Solar, LLC 
Elevate Solar, LLC 
Emerson Solar, LLC (fka Adonis Blue

Solar, LLC) 
Erhardt Solar, LLC

LLC) 
Fresh Air Energy XI, LLC 
Fresh Air Energy XLI, LLC 
Fresh Air Energy XXIII, LLC 
Fresh Air Energy XXXII, LLC 
Fresh Air Energy XXXVII, LLC 
Gateway Solar, LLC 
Ginseng Solar, LLC 
Gleaming Solar, LLC 
Glisten Solar, LLC 
Glover Creek Solar, LLC 
Goldenseal Solar, LLC 
Goldilocks Solar, LLC 
Gransolar Texas One, LLC 
Grapefruit Solar LLC f/k/a Zeta Solar, LLC

7

=== page 47 ===
Case 25-90669   Document 228-1   Filed in TXSB on 11/20/25   Page 47 of 66

Juniper Creek Renewables, LLC 
Juniper Flats Solar, LLC 
Juniper Solar, LLC (fka Golden Solar II,

Graphite Solar, LLC 
Gray Fox Solar, LLC 
Great Lake Solar, LLC 
Great River Solar, LLC 
Greenrock Solar, LLC 
Grethel Solar, LLC 
Grissom Solar, LLC 
Gunsight Solar, LLC (fka Blue Ridge Solar,

LLC) 
Kalkaska Solar, LLC 
Kalliope Solar, LLC 
Kami Solar, LLC 
Keystone Crest Solar, LLC 
Kingfisher Solar, LLC (fka Zinnia Solar,

LLC) 
Knotty Pine Solar, LLC 
La Vida Storage, LLC 
Landrace Holdings, LLC 
Lane Solar Farm, LLC 
LAUREL CREEK HOLDINGS II, LLC 
Lavender Solar LLC 
Leatherwood Solar, LLC (fka Snapdragon

Solar, LLC - TX formed entity] 
Liberty Solar, LLC 
Lick Creek Solar, LLC (fka Walnut Cove

Solar, LLC 
Lighthorse Solar, LLC 
Lincoln Electric Storage, LLC 
Linden Solar, LLC 
Lindsey Storage, LLC 
Little Bluestem Solar, LLC 
Logan Solar, LLC 
Loge Storage. LLC 
Long Bridge Solar LLC 
LONGLEAF HOLDINGS COMPANY,

LLC 
LONGLEAF INTERMEDIATE

HOLDINGS COMPANY, LLC 
Longleaf Solar, LLC fka Longleaf Pine,

LLC fka Wix Solar, LLC) 
Hail State Solar, LLC 
Haley Solar, LLC - Fund D 
Hallam Solar, LLC 
Hampton Solar I, LLC 
Happy Lake Solar, LLC 
Harkey Solar, LLC 
Hawkeye Solar, LLC 
Hawkins Energy LLC 
Hawthorn Blossom Storage, LLC 
Hazel Green Solar, LLC 
HCE Moore I, LLC 
Heartland Solar LLC 
Heath Storage, LLC 
Hematite Solar, LLC 
Herkimer Solar, LLC 
Hesper Solar, LLC 
High Street Solar, LLC 
Highest Power Solar, LLC 
Hightower Solar, LLC 
Ho-Fel Solar, LLC 
Home Team Solar, LLC 
Honeycrisp Solar LLC 
Honeysuckle Solar, LLC 
Hook Storage, LLC 
House Solar, LLC 
Ibis Solar, LLC 
Illuminate Solar, LLC 
Infinity Storage, LLC 
Ironwood Storage, LLC 
IRRADIANT FINANCIAL SERVICES,

LLC 
Macon County Solar Project, LLC 
Magenta Solar LLC 
Magpie Storage, LLC 
Mallard Solar, LLC 
Mantia Storage, LLC 
Marbleberry Solar LLC 
Mariette Solar, LLC 
Marquardt Storage, LLC 
Mas Storage, LLC 
Mesquite Solar, LLC 
Midland-Wiregrass Solar Project, LLC

LLC 
Jasper Storage, LLC 
Jasper Tech, LLC 
Java Solar, LLC (fka Angler Solar, LLC) 
Jefferson Solar, LLC 
Journey Solar, LLC 
Julia Solar LLC

8

=== page 48 ===
Case 25-90669   Document 228-1   Filed in TXSB on 11/20/25   Page 48 of 66

Palmer Circle Solar, LLC 
Panther Creek Solar, LLC f/k/a Indian Lake

Solar, LLC 
Paradise Solar, LLC 
Parker Branch Solar, LLC 
Peanut Solar, LLC 
Pearl Solar LLC 
Pegasus Solar, LLC 
Pelham Solar, LLC (fka North Haverbrook

Solar, LLC) 
Pennyroyal Solar, LLC 
Peony Solar, LLC - Fund G 
Peregrine Solar, LLC 
Peridot Solar, LLC 
Perquimans Solar, LLC 
Persimmon Solar, LLC 
PGD Blue Ridge Power Holdings, LLC 
PGR 2020 Fund 7, LLC 
PGR 2020 Fund 8, LLC 
PGR 2020 Fund 9, LLC (fka PGR

SIGNATURE FUND 10, LLC) 
PGR 2020 Lessee 7, LLC 
PGR 2020 Lessee 8, LLC (Sugar) 
PGR 2020 Lessee 9, LLC (fka PGR

SIGNATURE LESSEE 10, LLC) 
PGR 2020 Lessor 8, LLC (Sugar) 
PGR 2020 Lessor 9, LLC (FKA PGR

Signature Lessor 10, LLC) 
PGR 2020 Manager 7, LLC 
PGR 2020 Manager 8, LLC 
PGR 2020 Manager 9, LLC (fka PGR

SIGNATURE MANAGER 10, LLC) 
PGR 2021 Fund 1, LLC 
PGR 2021 Fund 11, LLC 
PGR 2021 Fund 12, LLC (Cabin Creek) 
PGR 2021 Fund 15, LLC 
PGR 2021 Fund 19, LLC (Allora) 
PGR 2021 Fund 2, LLC 
PGR 2021 Fund 3, LLC 
PGR 2021 Fund 5, LLC 
PGR 2021 Fund 6, LLC 
PGR 2021 Fund 7, LLC 
PGR 2021 Fund 8, LLC 
PGR 2021 Lessee 1, LLC 
PGR 2021 Lessee 11, LLC 
PGR 2021 Lessee 12, LLC (Cabin Creek)

Millers Chapel Solar Farm, LLC 
Minke Solar, LLC 
Mistletoe Solar, LLC 
Mitchell Solar and Storage, LLC 
MMA 2021 Dev Holdco, LLC 
Mockingbird Solar, LLC 
Mohea Solar Energy Center, LLC 
Monarch Energy LLC 
Monterey Solar, LLC 
Montgomery Solar, LLC 
Moon Glow Solar, LLC 
Moonshot Solar, LLC 
Moonstone Solar, LLC 
Moose Solar, LLC 
Moosetrack Solar, LLC 
Morgan Solar, LLC 
Morning Glory Solar, LLC 
Morven Solar, LLC 
Napier Storage, LLC 
Natural State Solar, LLC 
Nighthawk Solar, LLC 
NorWest Energy 14, LLC - Fund C 
NorWest Energy 7, LLC - Fund D 
NPA PGR 2022 Sponsor Holdco, LLC 
Nykaza Storage, LLC 
Oakwood Solar Farm, LLC 
Odyssey Solar, LLC 
Oklahoma Rose Solar, LLC 
Oklahoma Rose Storage LLC 
Old River Solar, LLC 
Old Train Solar, LLC 
Olin Creek Farm Solar, LLC 
Opal Solar, LLC 
Ophir Solar, LLC 
Orange Blossom Solar, LLC 
Orange Otter Storage, LLC 
Orangeburg County Solar Project, LLC 
Orchard Solar, LLC 
OSD Main Street Solar, LLC 
OSLH, LLC 
Osprey Solar, LLC 
Outshine Solar, LLC 
Overman Solar, LLC 
Oxbow Solar, LLC 
Paddlefish Storage, LLC 
Page Solar Farm, LLC

9

=== page 49 ===
Case 25-90669   Document 228-1   Filed in TXSB on 11/20/25   Page 49 of 66

PGR 2021 Lessee 13, LLC (Sonny) 
PGR 2021 Lessee 15, LLC 
PGR 2021 Lessee 17, LLC (Eastover) 
PGR 2021 Lessee 18, LLC (Landrace) 
PGR 2021 Lessee 19, LLC (Allora) 
PGR 2021 Lessee 2, LLC 
PGR 2021 Lessee 20, LLC 
PGR 2021 Lessee 21, LLC 
PGR 2021 Lessee 3, LLC (Brightwood,

Broadway, Wyse Fork) 
PGR 2021 Lessee 4 School House, LLC 
PGR 2021 Lessee 4 Stratford, LLC fka PGR

PGR 2021 Manager 2, LLC 
PGR 2021 Manager 20, LLC 
PGR 2021 Manager 21, LLC 
PGR 2021 Manager 3, LLC 
PGR 2021 Manager 5, LLC 
PGR 2021 Manager 6, LLC 
PGR 2021 Manager 7, LLC 
PGR 2021 Manager 8, LLC 
PGR 2022 Fund 3, LLC (Marley) 
PGR 2022 Fund 6, LLC (Wolf Pit Branch) 
PGR 2022 Fund 7, LLC 
PGR 2022 Holdco 4, LLC 
PGR 2022 Holdco 5, LLC 
PGR 2022 Lessee 1, LLC (VL) 
PGR 2022 Lessee 2, LLC (PH, C, EN,

Thigpen) 
PGR 2022 Lessee 3, LLC (Marley) 
PGR 2022 Lessee 4, LLC 
PGR 2022 Lessee 5, LLC (MS) 
PGR 2022 Lessee 7, LLC 
PGR 2022 Lessee 8, LLC (Porter) 
PGR 2022 Lessee 9, LLC 
PGR 2022 Lessor 1, LLC (VL) 
PGR 2022 Lessor 2, LLC (PH, C, EN,

2021 Lessee 4, LLC 
PGR 2021 Lessee 4 Viaduct, LLC 
PGR 2021 Lessee 5, LLC 
PGR 2021 Lessee 6, LLC (High Shoals) 
PGR 2021 Lessee 7, LLC 
PGR 2021 Lessee 8, LLC 
PGR 2021 Lessee 9, LLC (Buldog) 
PGR 2021 Lessor 1, LLC 
PGR 2021 Lessor 11, LLC 
PGR 2021 Lessor 12, LLC (Cabin Creek) 
PGR 2021 Lessor 13, LLC (Sonny) 
PGR 2021 Lessor 15, LLC 
PGR 2021 Lessor 17, LLC (Eastover) 
PGR 2021 Lessor 18, LLC (Landrace) 
PGR 2021 Lessor 19, LLC (Allora) 
PGR 2021 Lessor 2, LLC 
PGR 2021 Lessor 20, LLC 
PGR 2021 Lessor 21, LLC 
PGR 2021 Lessor 3, LLC (Brightwood,

Thigpen) 
PGR 2022 Lessor 3, LLC (Marley) 
PGR 2022 Lessor 4, LLC 
PGR 2022 Lessor 5, LLC (MS) 
PGR 2022 Lessor 6, LLC (Wolf Pit) 
PGR 2022 Lessor 7, LLC 
PGR 2022 Lessor 8, LLC (Porter) 
PGR 2022 Lessor 9, LLC 
PGR 2022 Manager 3, LLC (Marley) 
PGR 2022 Manager 6, LLC (Wolf Pit

Broadway, Wyse Fork) 
PGR 2021 Lessor 4 School House, LLC 
PGR 2021 Lessor 4 Stratford, LLC (fka

Branch) 
PGR 2022 Manager 7, LLC 
PGR 2023 Fund 2, LLC 
PGR 2023 Fund 3, LLC f/k/a PGR 2021

Fund 10, LLC 
PGR 2023 Fund 4, LLC f/k/a PGR 2021

Fund 14, LLC (Two Hearted) 
PGR 2023 Fund 5, LLC f/k/a PGR 2021

Fund 16, LLC (West River) 
PGR 2023 Holdco 2, LLC 
PGR 2023 Holdco 3 LLC 
PGR 2023 Holdco 4, LLC (Two Hearted)

PGR 2021 Lessor 4, LLC) 
PGR 2021 Lessor 4 Viaduct, LLC 
PGR 2021 Lessor 5, LLC 
PGR 2021 Lessor 6, LLC (High Shoals) 
PGR 2021 Lessor 7, LLC 
PGR 2021 Lessor 8, LLC 
PGR 2021 Lessor 9, LLC (Bulldog) 
PGR 2021 Manager 1, LLC 
PGR 2021 Manager 11, LLC 
PGR 2021 Manager 12, LLC (Cabin Creek) 
PGR 2021 Manager 15, LLC 
PGR 2021 Manager 19, LLC

10

=== page 50 ===
Case 25-90669   Document 228-1   Filed in TXSB on 11/20/25   Page 50 of 66

PGR 2023 Holdco 5, LLC f/k/a PGR 2021

Holdco 16, LLC (West River) 
PGR 2023 Lessee 1, LLC 
PGR 2023 Lessee 2, LLC 
PGR 2023 Lessee 3, LLC f/k/a PGR 2021

Lessee 10, LLC 
PGR 2023 Lessee 4, LLC f/k/a PGR 2021

Lessee 14, LLC (Two Hearted) 
PGR 2023 Lessee 5, LLC f/k/a PGR 2021

Lessee 16, LLC (West River) 
PGR 2023 Lessor 1, LLC 
PGR 2023 Lessor 2, LLC 
PGR 2023 Lessor 3, LLC f/k/a PGR 2021

Lessor 10, LLC 
PGR 2023 Lessor 4, LLC f/k/a PGR 2021

Lessor 14, LLC (Two Hearted) 
PGR 2023 Lessor 5, LLC f/k/a PGR 2021

Lessor 16, LLC (West River) 
PGR 2023 Manager 2, LLC 
PGR 2023 Manager 3, LLC f/k/a PGR 2021

Manager 10, LLC 
PGR 2023 Manager 4, LLC f/k/a PGR 2021

Manager 14, LLC (Two Hearted) 
PGR 2023 Manager 5, LLC f/k/a PGR 2021

PGR Lessee F, LLC 
PGR Lessee G, LLC 
PGR Lessee H, LLC 
PGR Lessee I, LLC 
PGR Lessee K, LLC 
PGR Lessee L, LLC 
PGR Lessee M, LLC 
PGR Lessee O, LLC 
PGR Lessor A, LLC 
PGR Lessor B, LLC 
PGR Lessor C, LLC 
PGR Lessor D, LLC 
PGR Lessor E, LLC 
PGR Lessor F, LLC 
PGR Lessor G, LLC 
PGR Lessor H, LLC 
PGR Lessor I, LLC 
PGR Lessor K, LLC 
PGR Lessor L, LLC 
PGR Lessor M, LLC 
PGR Lessor O, LLC 
PGR Lessor P, LLC 
PGR Longleaf Holdco, LLC 
PGR Main Street Holdco, LLC 
PGR Manager A, LLC 
PGR Manager B, LLC 
PGR Manager C, LLC 
PGR Manager D, LLC 
PGR Manager E, LLC 
PGR Manager F, LLC 
PGR Manager G, LLC 
PGR Manager H, LLC 
PGR Manager I, LLC 
PGR Manager K, LLC 
PGR Manager L, LLC 
PGR Manager M, LLC 
PGR Manager O, LLC 
PGR Manager P, LLC 
PGR PJM 2022, LLC fka PGR 2021 Fund

20, LLC 
PGR Project Affiliates Holdco, LLC 
PGR Project Holdings, LLC 
PGR Signature Fund 1, LLC 
PGR Signature Fund 2 Manager, LLC 
PGR Signature Fund 2, LLC 
PGR Silver Holdco, LLC

Manager 16, LLC (West River) 
PGR ESA JV Holdco, LLC 
PGR Fund A, LLC 
PGR Fund B, LLC 
PGR Fund C, LLC 
PGR Fund D, LLC 
PGR Fund E, LLC 
PGR Fund F, LLC 
PGR Fund G, LLC 
PGR Fund H, LLC 
PGR Fund I, LLC 
PGR Fund K, LLC (Novel 1-5) 
PGR Fund L, LLC 
PGR Fund M, LLC 
PGR Fund O, LLC 
PGR Fund P, LLC 
PGR ITC Holdco, LLC 
PGR Lessee A, LLC 
PGR Lessee B, LLC 
PGR Lessee C, LLC 
PGR Lessee D, LLC 
PGR Lessee E, LLC

11

=== page 51 ===
Case 25-90669   Document 228-1   Filed in TXSB on 11/20/25   Page 51 of 66

Rebecca Solar, LLC fka Moultrie Solar,

PGR TX 1, LLC fka PGR 2021 Fund 21,

LLC 
PGR Wind DevCo, LLC 
PGR Wind, LLC 
Pheasant Solar, LLC 
Phobos Solar, LLC (fka Ron Waters Solar,

LLC fka Middleton Solar, LLC 
Red Hills Solar LLC 
Reedy Solar, LLC 
Revolution Solar, LLC 
Rhythm Solar, LLC 
Richardson Solar LLC 
Riding Hood Solar, LLC fka Wolf Solar,

LLC fka Prospect Solar 2, LLC) 
Piccolo Solar, LLC 
Pika Solar, LLC 
Pine Gate Market Guarantor, LLC 
Pine Gate Mid-Atlantic, LLC 
Pine Gate Mid-Continental, LLC 
Pine Gate New Markets, LLC 
Pine Gate Real Estate, LLC 
Pine Valley Solar Farm, LLC 
Pink Panda Storage, LLC 
Pinto Solar, LLC (fka Golden Solar, LLC,

LLC 
Rise and Shine Solar, LLC 
Roan Solar, LLC 
Robin Solar, LLC 
Rock Fish Solar, LLC 
Rockhill Storage, LLC 
Rose Solar, LLC 
Royal Solar, LLC 
Royalton Solar, LLC 
Runnymede Solar, LLC fka Eli Branch

Solar, LLC 
Sadiebrook Solar, LLC 
Sage Pine Dev Holdco, LLC (fka Slash Pine

Dev Holdco, LLC) 
Sagebrush Solar, LLC 
Salt Creek Solar, LLC 
Salt Solar LLC 
Saluda Solar II, LLC 
Sandbar Storage, LLC 
Sanderson Solar, LLC 
Sandersville Solar, LLC 
Sandhills Solar, LLC 
Sandy Solar, LLC (fka Trotman Road Solar,

fka Sashay Solar, LLC) 
Piping Plover Solar, LLC 
Polaris DevCo Borrower C, LLC 
Polaris DevCo Pledgor C, LLC 
Polaris OpCo Borrower A, LLC 
Polaris OpCo Borrower C, LLC 
Polaris OpCo Holdco A, LLC 
Polaris OpCo Holdco B, LLC 
Polaris OpCo Holdco C, LLC 
Polaris OpCo Pledgor C, LLC 
Ponderosa Pine Storage, LLC 
Ponytail Solar LLC 
Porter Solar, LLC fka Lantana Solar, LLC 
Prairie Agate Solar, LLC 
Prairie Rose Solar, LLC 
Primrose Solar, LLC 
Promise Solar, LLC 
Pronghorn Solar, LLC 
Purple Cat Storage, LLC 
Quaker Creek Farm Solar, LLC 
Quarter Horse Farm, LLC 
Quayside Solar, LLC 
Quiver River Solar, LLC 
Raccoon Run Solar, LLC 
Radiant Rock Solar, LLC 
Rainbow Solar, LLC 
Ramses Solar, LLC 
Rankin Solar Center, LLC

LLC fka Shiloh Sandy Hook Solar, 
LLC) 
Satellite Solar, LLC 
Saw Solar, LLC 
Sawtell Solar, LLC 
Saylor Solar, LLC 
SCE Project Holdings, LLC 
Scotch Bonnet Solar, LLC 
Seabass Solar, LLC 
Seaspray Solar, LLC 
Sego Lily Storage, LLC 
Selena Solar, LLC 
Shamrock Solar, LLC 
Shamrock Storage, LLC 
Sheep Solar, LLC - Fund C

12

=== page 52 ===
Case 25-90669   Document 228-1   Filed in TXSB on 11/20/25   Page 52 of 66

Spring Hope Solar 3, LLC 
St. Matthews Solar, LLC 
Stanly Solar, LLC 
Star Garnet Solar, LLC 
Stargaze Solar, LLC 
Stargaze Storage LLC 
Steelhead Solar, LLC 
Stingray Solar, LLC 
Stratford Solar Center, LLC 
Suffolk Solar, LLC 
Sugar Solar, LLC fka Sinclair Solar, LLC

fkaCraven Solar, LLC 
Sugarbowl Solar, LLC (fka Coreopsis Solar,

LLC) 
Sun Farm VIII, LLC 
Sundance Solar, LLC 
Sunflower Solar LLC 
Sunrise Solar, LLC 
Sunshine Acres Solar, LLC 
Susana Storage, LLC 
Swallowtail Solar, LLC 
Swamp Fox Solar, LLC 
Swiftwater Solar, LLC 
Talisheek Solar, LLC 
Tarvos Solar, LLC 
Tarvos Storage, LLC 
Teal Rooster Storage, LLC 
Themisto Solar, LLC 
Thigpen Farms Solar, LLC 
Thinking Tree Solar, LLC 
Three Bridge Farm, LLC 
Titaness Solar, LLC 
Tordillo Creek Solar, LLC (fka Cibolo

Shell Solar, LLC 
Shenandoah Solar, LLC 
Shiloh Hwy 1108 Solar, LLC 
Shining Penny Solar, LLC 
Signature USB Fund 9, LLC 
Signature USB Lessee 9, LLC 
Signature USB Lessee 9B, LLC 
Signature USB Lessor 9, LLC 
Signature USB Lessor 9B, LLC 
Signature USB Manager 9, LLC 
Silver Creek Intermediate, LLC 
Silver Pine Energy Holdings, LLC 
Silverbell Solar, LLC 
Silverbell Storage, LLC 
Silverthorn Solar, LLC 
Silverthorn Storage, LLC 
Silverton Solar, LLC - Fund C 
Sirin Solar, LLC 
Sirius DevCo Borrower 2, LLC 
Sirius DevCo Borrower, LLC 
Sirius DevCo Pledgor 2, LLC 
Sirius DevCo Pledgor, LLC 
Sirius OpCo Borrower 2, LLC 
Sirius OpCo Borrower, LLC 
Sirius OpCo Holdco 2, LLC 
Sirius Opco Holdco, LLC 
Sirius OpCo Pledgor 2, LLC 
Sirius OpCo Pledgor, LLC 
Sisal Solar, LLC 
Skyway Solar, LLC 
Snapdragon Solar, LLC 
Snow Angel Solar, LLC 
SolarCulture, LLC 
Solheim Solar, LLC f/k/a Emblaze Solar,

Solar, LLC) 
Tourmaline Solar, LLC 
Trailblazer Solar, LLC 
Traveling Light Solar, LLC 
Trent River Holdco, LLC 
Trent River Solar Mile Lessee, LLC

(merged w/ fka PGR Lessee P, LLC) 
Trent River Solar, LLC 
Tucker Solar, LLC 
Turquoise Solar, LLC 
TWE Bowman Solar Project, LLC - Fund L 
Twin Oaks Solar, LLC (fka Karol Solar II,

LLC)

LLC 
Solstice Solar, LLC 
Soluga Farms IV LLC 
Sonny Solar, LLC 
Southern Current One, LLC 
Southwick Solar Farm, LLC 
SP Solar 1, LLC 
SP Solar 5, LLC 
SP Solar 6, LLC 
SP Solar 7, LLC 
SP Solar 8, LLC 
Splendid Glow Solar, LLC

13

=== page 53 ===
Case 25-90669   Document 228-1   Filed in TXSB on 11/20/25   Page 53 of 66

Two Hearted Solar, LLC fka Smith Solar,

Zeus Solar, LLC 
 
Litigation 
151 Aggregate, LLC 
All-Phase Power & Controls, Inc 
Name on File 
Andres Boger of Boger Family Trust 
Andy Garcia as Trustee of Boger Family

Trust 
Name on File 
Birch Creek Development, LLC

LLC fka Prospect Solar 1, LLC 
Umber Nittany Storage, LLC 
UN-School House LLC 
USB Signature Fund 1 Sponsor, LLC 
Vero Solar, LLC 
Vesta Solar, LLC 
Virginia Line Solar, LLC 
Vista Solar, LLC 
Vivid Ray Solar, LLC 
Walleye Solar LLC 
Warrenton Solar 1, LLC 
West Lancaster Storage, LLC 
Western Branch Solar, LLC 
Whelk Solar, LLC 
Whimbrel Solar, LLC 
Whippoorwill Solar, LLC 
Whiskey Lessee, LLC 
Whiskey Lessor, LLC 
Whiskey Managing Member, LLC 
Whiskey Solar, LLC 
White Spruce Solar, LLC 
Wild Horse Solar, LLC 
Wild Indigo Solar, LLC 
Wildflower Solar, LLC (fka Golden

Dewdrop Solar, LLC) 
Windy Acres Solar, LLC 
Winged Dove Storage, LLC fka Palomas

Solar, LLC 
Winterberry Solar, LLC 
Wishbone Storage, LLC 
Wishing Well Solar, LLC 
Withrow Storage, LLC 
Wolf Pit Branch Solar, LLC 
Wolf Solar, LLC 
Wood Duck Solar, LLC 
Woodbridge Solar, LLC 
Woodfields Solar, LLC 
Woodley Solar, LLC 
Woodline Solar, LLC - Fund D 
Worth Solar, LLC fka Sasser Solar 2, LLC 
Wright Solar, LLC 
Wyse Fork Solar Farm, LLC 
Yellow Bear Storage, LLC 
Zenith Solar, LLC 
Zephyr Solar, LLC

Headquarters 
Bottom Line Equipment, LLC 
Name on File 
Name on File 
Champion Defense Shooting Complex, LLC 
Champion Defense, LLC 
Champion Sportsman's Club, LLC 
Coronal Project Development, LLC 
Creed's Lake, Inc. 
Name on File 
Name on File 
Cypress Creek Solutions, LLC 
Davis Engineering & Surveying LLC 
Name on File 
ESA Renewables 
Eunice Boger of Boger Family Trust 
Evergreen Working Capital 
G.A.P Restoration Services 
G.A.P. Restoration Services, LLC 
Great Midwest Insurance Company 
Green River Engineering & Consulting, Inc. 
Greenrise Technologies, LLC 
Holocene Finance 
Houston Heavy Machinery, LLC 
JMC Equipment, LLC 
Meridian Renewable Energy, LLC 
Name on File 
Name on File 
Name on File 
Name on File 
Name on File 
Name on File 
Nevels Properties, LLC 
Novel Energy Solutions, LLC 
Name on File

14

=== page 54 ===
Case 25-90669   Document 228-1   Filed in TXSB on 11/20/25   Page 54 of 66

Commonwealth of Virginia 
Consumers Energy Company 
Contractors Bonding and Insurance

Company 
County of Isle of Wight, Virginia 
Court of Common Pleas, Lexington County,

SC 
CP Energy Marketing (US) Inc. 
Danville Farm, LLC 
Department of Community Development,

Charles City County 
Department of Transportation, An Agency

of the State of North Carolina 
Deschutes County, A Political Subdivision

Name on File 
PT Corporation, Inc. 
Name on File 
Name on File 
Silicon Ranch Corporation 
SR EPC, LLC 
The Hanover Insurance Company. 
Name on File 
Name on File 
Name on File 
 
Significant Equity Holder 
Catt, Benjamin 
Dunbar, Chris 
Generate Capital 
Healthcare of Ontario Pension Plan 
Luster, James 
Shem, Raymond 
 
Surety & Letters of Credit – Beneficiaries 
151 Aggregate, LLC 
AEP Texas Inc. 
Alabama Department of Transportation 
Alabama Licensing Board for General

of the State of Oregon 
Deutsche Bank Trust Company Americas 
Dominion Energy South Carolina, Inc. 
Dominion Energy Virginia 
Duke Energy Business Services LLC 
Duke Energy Carolinas, LLC 
Duke Energy Corporation 
Duke Energy Progress, LLC 
Duke University 
Electric Transmission Texas, LLC 
Florence County, South Carolina 
Florida Construction Industry Licensing

Contractors 
Alabama Power Company 
Alton Post Office Solar, LLC 
Amazon Energy LLC 
Ameren Illinois Company DBA Ameren

Illinois 
Apple Energy, LLC 
Arevon Energy, Inc. 
Blue Moon Energy LLC 
Bottom Line Equipment, LLC 
Branch Solar, LLC 
Brazos Electric Power Cooperative, Inc. 
Byrne Solar, LLC 
California Contractors State License Board 
Catalina Solar, LLC 
Central Texas Stone and Aggregate, LLC 
Cherokee County, SC 
Chesterfield County, SC 
City of Suffolk 
Commonwealth Edison Company 
Commonwealth of Pennsylvania

Board 
Foxglove Solar Project, LLC 
Franklin County, CA 
Fresh Air Energy XXXVII, LLC 
G.A.P Restoration Services, LLC 
Gaston County 
Georgia Power Company 
Granville County 
Greenwood County 
Guadalupe Valley Electric Cooperative, Inc. 
Guilford County 
Hackett Bonds & Insurance Services 
Halifax County Solar LLC 
Horry County 
Houston Heavy Machinery, LLC 
Irradiant Partners, LP 
Isle of Wight County 
JMC Equipment, LLC 
Jones County 
Jones Farm Lane Solar, LLC

Department of Transportation

15

=== page 55 ===
Case 25-90669   Document 228-1   Filed in TXSB on 11/20/25   Page 55 of 66

Southwest Power Pool, Inc. 
State of Arizona 
State of Arkansas 
State of Mississippi 
State of Oregon 
State of South Carolina, Department of

Transportation 
State of Tennessee, Department of

Keydet Solar Center, LLC 
Lightfoot Solar, LLC 
Limewood Bell Renewables LLC 
Lone Star Solar, LLC 
LSR Equipment Enterprises, LLC 
Maryland Solar LLC 
Meta Platforms, Inc 
MidAmerican Energy Company 
Midcontinent Independent System Operator,

Commerce and Insurance, Board for 
Licensing Contractors 
Surbrook Solar, LLC 
The State of Oklahoma, Ex Rel.

Construction Industries Board 
Town of Carver 
Town of Cumberland 
Traxplus 
Tri-State Drilling, LLC 
Tri-State Generation and Transmission

Inc. 
Mississippi Power Company 
Moonshot Solar, LLC 
MUFG Bank, Ltd. 
MUFG Union Bank, N.A. 
Mundra Solar PV Limited 
Mustang Rental Services 
Nextracker LLC 
Nickel Rock, LLC 
North Carolina Department of

Transportation 
North Carolina Electric Membership

Association, Inc. 
Umatilla Electric Cooperative Association 
Vietnam Sunerqy Joint Stock Company 
Virginia Electric and Power Company 
Virginia Electric and Power Company, A

Corporation 
Northhampton County, North Carolina 
Oiva Hannula & Sons Inc 
Old Hayneville Solar, LLC 
Oncor Electric Delivery Company LLC 
Platteview Solar, LLC 
Polmer LLC 
Porter Solar LLC 
Portland General Electric Company 
PT Corporation, Inc. 
Public Service Company of New Mexico 
REV Drill Sales and Rentals, Inc. 
Rio Lago Solar, LLC 
Roth East Side, LLC 
Sanford/Lee County Planning &

Virginia Public Service Corporation 
Willford Solar, LLC 
Wilmington Trust National Association 
Windy Acres Farm, LLC 
Yadkin County 
Yamhill County 
 
Surety & Letters of Credit – Issuers 
Aon Risk Insurance Services West, Inc. 
Aon Risk Services Northeast, Inc 
Arch Insurance Company 
Argonaut Insurance Company 
Ascot Surety & Casualty Company 
Atlantic Specialty Insurance Company 
Australia and New Zealand Banking Group

Development Department 
Sentry Electrical Group, Inc. 
Shipsterns Solar, LLC 
Sidecat LLC 
South Carolina Department of

Transportation (SCDOT) 
South Carolina Electric & Gas Company 
South Carolina Public Service Authority 
Southern Company Services, Inc. 
Southern Current LLC

Limited 
AXIS Insurance Company 
Banco Bilbao Vizcaya Argentaria S.A. 
Bank of America NA 
BBVA, S.A. 
CoBank, ACB 
Constellation NewEnergy, Inc. 
Continental Indemnity Company

16

=== page 56 ===
Case 25-90669   Document 228-1   Filed in TXSB on 11/20/25   Page 56 of 66

Credit Agricole Corporate and Investment

APA Solar, LLC 
Array Tech Inc 
Aubrey Silvey Enterprises, Inc. 
DC Solar Solutions, LLC 
Directional Services, Inc. 
Fall Line Construction 
Gwinnups Restoration and Environmental

Bank 
Great American Insurance Company 
Liberty Mutual Insurance Company 
Lloyds Bank Corporate Markets PLC 
Markel Insurance Company 
Marsh 
National Bank of Canada, New York Branch 
Nationwide Mutual Insurance Company 
Pennsylvania Insurance Company 
Philadelphia Indemnity Insurance Company 
PJM Interconnection, L.L.C. 
PJM Settlement, Inc. 
RLI Insurance Company 
SiriusPoint America Insurance Company 
Societe Generale 
Sumitomo Mitsui Banking Corporation 
SureTec Insurance Company 
Swiss Re Corporate Solutions America

Service Inc 
JB Electric and Solar LLC 
Lonestar Electric Supply 
LPL Solar, LLC 
M.J. Electric, LLC 
Nextracker LLC 
OMCO Solar LLC 
Origis USA, LLC 
PACK Power LLC 
Power Construction JR 
Sacramento Drilling, Inc. 
Shoals Technologies Group, LLC 
Skyline Steel LLC 
Soltec Tracker, Inc. 
SR EPC, LLC and Silicon Ranch

Insurance Corporation 
Swiss Re International SE, Niederlassung 
The Bank of Nova Scotia 
The Hanover Insurance Company 
Travelers Casualty and Surety Company of

America 
U.S. Bank National Association 
United States Fire Insurance Company 
Westchester Fire Insurance Company 
XL Specialty Insurance Company 
Z Bank AG, New York Branch 
 
Taxing Authority / Governmental / 
Regulatory Agencies 
Banera County Tax Assessor-Collector 
Guadalupe County Tax Office 
Isle of Wight County 
Milam County Tax Assessor-Collector 
Mississippi Department of Revenue 
Orange Country, North Carolina 
Tax Appraisal District of Bell County 
Town of Carver 
Yadkin County Tax Collector (NC) 
 
 
Top 30 Creditors 
Aerotek, Inc.

Corporation 
Sungrow USA Corporation 
Terrasmart, Inc. 
The Boldt Company 
TSEA Energy 
United Rentals 
Waaree Solar Americas Inc 
West Florida Fence 
WHC, LLC 
 
U.S. Trustee Office 
Epstein, Kevin M. 
Jimenez, Andrew 
Sall, Millie Aponte 
Thomas, Aubrey 
Travis, C. Ross 
Wright, Gary 
 
Utilities 
AT&T 
Capital Waste Services LLC 
CenturyLink QC 
Charter Communications 
City of Asheville

17

=== page 57 ===
Case 25-90669   Document 228-1   Filed in TXSB on 11/20/25   Page 57 of 66

City of Kinston 
CompostNow Inc. 
Dominion Energy North Carolina, Inc. 
Dominion Energy South Carolina, Inc. 
Duke Energy Progress 
Edgefield County Water and Sewer

Authority (SC) 
ERC Broadband 
Fayetteville Public Water Commission 
GFL Environmental Inc. 
Laurens County Water and Sewer

Azora America, LLC 
Baker Botts LLP 
Banco Santander, S.A. 
Bandera County Tax Office 
Bandera Electric Cooperative, Inc. 
Bandera ISD Education Foundation 
Barrow & Barrow, PA 
Bechtel Infrastructure and Power Corp 
Beitzel Corporation 
Belltown Power Texas 2, LLC 
Birch Risk Advisors, LLC 
Blanchard Machinery Company 
Blanco Tackabery & Matamoros, P.A. 
Blue Cross & Blue Shield NC 
Bonham Public Relations LLC 
Bonneville Power Administration 
Booth & Associates, LLC 
Bora Power LLC 
Bradley Arant Boult Cummings LLP 
Brent Scarbrough & Company, Inc. 
Brookfield Power US Asset Management

Commission 
O & B Water Supply Corporation 
Republic Services 
Spectrum Business 
Verizon Wireless 
 
Vendors 
2Bros Resources, LLC 
Abacus (Embruse Spend) 
Adaptive Construction Solutions, Inc. 
Aderis Energy LLC 
ADP, Inc. 
AEP Texas, Inc. 
Aerotek, Inc. 
AFCO Credit Corporation 
Alabama Department of Revenue 
Alliance Clean Energy, Inc. 
Allied Resources Technical Consultants,

LLC 
Burr & Forman, LLP 
C&C Land Services, LLC 
Cambria Co Assoc for Blind & Handicapped 
Campbell Oil Company 
Canadian Solar (USA), Inc. 
Cantsink Manufacturing, LLC 
Captura Solar LLC 
Carlyle Investment Management, LLC 
Carolina Solar Services, LLC 
Carolina Sunrock LLC 
Carter Machinery Co. Inc. 
Caterpillar Financial Services Corp 
CDW Direct LLC 
Chicago Title Insurance Company (NY) 
CIT Bank 
City Electric Supply Company 
Civil Design Concepts, PA 
CNC Safety, LLC 
Conductor Power LLC 
C-Phase Services, LLC 
Cypress Creek Solutions LLC 
Davey Resource Group, Inc. 
DC Solar Solutions, LLC 
Delaware Life Insurance Company

Inc. 
All-Phase Power & Controls, Inc 
Ally Payment Processing Center 
Amazon Energy, LLC 
American Clean Power Assoc (ACPA) 
American Energy Action 
American Wire Group, LLC 
ANS Geo Inc 
Aon Risk Insurance Services West Inc 
APA Solar, LLC 
Array Tech, Inc. 
Arteche USA Inc 
Artex Risk Solutions Inc. 
Aspen Investments, Inc 
AT&T 
Atwell, LLC 
Aubrey Silvey Enterprises, Inc.

18

=== page 58 ===
Case 25-90669   Document 228-1   Filed in TXSB on 11/20/25   Page 58 of 66

FTC Solar Inc 
Full Tilt Logistics, LLC 
Fundamental Partners IV LP 
Fundamental Renewables, LLC 
G&S Fence and Deck, LLC 
Gallagher Evelius & Jones LLP 
GameChange Solar Corp 
GE Grid Solutions, LLC 
Generate Capital, PBC 
Genesis 360 LLC 
Geo-Hydro Engineers, Inc 
Georgia Transmission Corporation 
GE-Prolec Transformers, Inc. 
GexPro 
Gibson Dunn & Crutcher LLP 
Gill Drilling Services Inc 
Givler Engineering 
Grant Thornton Advisors LLC 
Great Bay Renewables Management LLC 
Great Lakes Petroleum Co 
Greenburg Traurig LLP 
Greenrise Technologies LLC 
Gregory Poole Equipment Company 
GroundWork Renewables Inc 
Gwinnups Restoration and Environmental

Service Inc 
Hanwha Q Cells USA, Corp 
HardHat Workforce Solutions, LLC 
Hartford Life and Accident Insurance

Delta Dental of North Carolina 
Deutsche Bank Trust Company Americas 
Directional Services, Inc. 
Dis-Tran Package Substations Engineering 
Dis-Tran Packaged Substations, LLC 
DNV GreenPowerMonitor USA Inc. 
Dominion Energy South Carolina, Inc. 
Don Borneke Construction, Inc. 
Double K Holdings, LLC 
Draw Enterprises, Inc. 
Dudley Land Company 
Duke Energy Progress 
Duke University 
Duncan Road LLC 
East Carolina Commercial Services LLC 
Eastern Group, LLC 
Eastern Site Services LLC 
ECS Southeast, LLP 
Electrical Power Products Inc 
Elevated Staffing Support, LLC 
Elgin Power Solutions 
EMA Electromechanics, Inc. 
Emburse, Inc. 
Encompass Services, LLC 
EnerNex LLC 
Enertis Solar, Inc. 
Enhancement Solutions, Inc. 
Entergy Services, LLC 
Enterprise FM Trust 
Environmental Consulting & Technology

Company 
HASI Foley, LLC 
HASI Old Hayneville, LLC 
HCC Life Insurance Company 
HDR Engineering, Inc. of the Carolinas 
Healthcare Of Ontario Pension Plan

(HOOPP) 
Heavy Construction Systems Specialists

LLC 
Hecate Energy Group, LLC 
Highmark Resources 
Hilco Transport, Inc 
Hitachi Energy USA Inc. 
Huron Consulting Services, LLC 
Husch Blackwell LLP 
Hydro Green Erosion Control LLC 
Hypower, LLC

Inc 
Environmental Solutions & Innovations Inc 
Enviroscience, Inc. 
Epperson Farms, LLC 
Ethos Specialty Insurance Services LLC 
ETI Energy Tools LLC 
Fall Line Construction LLC 
FCI 
Fiix 
First American Title Insurance Company 
First Community Title, LLC 
First Financial Holdings, LLC 
Ford Credit 
Fortress Fencing, LLC 
Forvis Mazars, LLP 
Name on File

19

=== page 59 ===
Case 25-90669   Document 228-1   Filed in TXSB on 11/20/25   Page 59 of 66

IFS North America Inc 
J. E. Oswalt & Sons Heavy Hauling &

MISO Energy 
Mississippi Department of Revenue 
Moore & Van Allen PLLC 
Moorhead Brothers, Inc. 
MUFG Bank Ltd 
Mundra Solar Energy Limited 
Mundra Solar PV Limited 
Muth Electric, Inc. 
National Bank of Canada 
NC Concrete Service LLC 
Nebraska Hydroseeding 
Needham Farm, LLC 
NEI Electric Power Engineering, Inc. 
Neumiller Farms Inc. 
Nextracker LLC 
nFront Consulting LLC 
NoBull Energy LLC 
Nolan Transportation Group, LLC 
Nor-Cal Controls ES, Inc. 
Norddeutsche Landesbank, New York 
Norton Rose Fulbright US LLP 
NPA 2023 Holdco LLC 
NQS D and B LLC 
Ocean Blue NMB, LLC 
Old Hayneville Solar, LLC 
Old Republic National Title Insurance

Company 
OMCO Solar LLC 
One Source Freight, LLC 
Oracle America, Inc. 
Origis USA, LLC 
Orrick Herrington & Sutcliffe LLP 
Owens Realty Services 
P9 GCP Houston I-10 
PACK Power LLC 
Paco Steel & Engineering Corp. 
Parker Poe Adams & Bernstein LLP 
Paul Hastings LLP 
Peckar & Abramson, P.C. 
Peeler Four Star Holdings, LLC 
PGAM 
PGOM 
PGR ITC 
PGR Procurement 
PGRenew 
Piedmont, LLC

Rigging, Inc 
JB Electric and Solar LLC 
JB Group of LA, LLC 
JH Stewart Family, LLC 
Jones Borregos Ltd. 
Jones Power, LLC 
Jones Walker LLP 
JST Power Equipment, Inc. 
Juniper Development Partners, LLC 
K2 Renew NW LLC 
Karamtara Engineering Pvt Limited 
Kazmarek Mowrey Cloud Laseter LLP 
K-Co Enterprises, Inc 
Kerr Consulting 
Kimley-Horn and Associates, Inc. 
Kirkland & Ellis LLP 
Kubota Credit Corporation USA 
Kubota Credit-Lease Corp, USA 
Kutak Rock LLP 
Landscape Design of Goldsboro, Inc 
Liberty, LLC 
Locke Lord LLP 
Logistics Plus, Inc. 
Lone Mountain Ranch, LLC 
Lonestar Electric Supply 
Lott & Searcy, LLP 
LPL Solar, LLC 
LS Electric America Inc. 
Luck Stone Corporation 
M.D. Henry Co., Inc. 
M.G. Dyess, LLC 
M.J. Electric, LLC 
Mars Transformers, LLC 
Marsh Engineering Services 
Marsh USA Inc 
Martin Marietta Materials, Inc. 
McDermott Will & Emery LLP 
Merit SI Technologies, LLC 
Name on File 
Name on File 
Midland Equipment Financial 
Milbank LLP 
Millennium Insurance Company, Ltd. 
Minnesota Native Landscapes Inc

20

=== page 60 ===
Case 25-90669   Document 228-1   Filed in TXSB on 11/20/25   Page 60 of 66

SMA America, LLC 
Societe Generale 
Solar Cuts LLC 
Solforce Solutions LLC 
SOLogistics LLC 
Soltec Tracker, Inc. 
South Texas Electric Cooperative Inc 
Southeastern Excavating & Land Clearing 
Southern Company Services, Inc 
Southern Turf Farm LLC 
Southwest Power Pool, Inc. 
Staffing Support Solutions, LLC 
Standard Chartered Bank 
Stanley Construction Company, Inc. 
Stewart Title Guaranty Company 
Stoel Rives LLP 
Substation Enterprises, Inc. 
Sumitomo Mitsui Banking Corp, NY

(SMBC) 
Sumitomo Mitsui Finance 
Summit Electric Supply Co., Inc. 
Sunbelt Equipment Marketing, Inc. 
Sunbelt Rentals, Inc 
Sungrow USA Corporation 
SWCA, Incorporated 
Techline, Inc. 
Terabase Energy, Inc. 
Terracon Consultants, Inc. 
Terrasmart, Inc. 
Tetra Tech, Inc. 
The Boldt Company 
The Community Foundation of Western

North Carolina 
The Erosion Company, LLC 
The Hartford 
The Omni Grove Park Inn 
Timmons Group Inc 
TMEIC Corporation Americas 
TRC Environmental Corporation 
Trimark Associates Inc. 
TSEA Energy 
Ulteig Engineers Inc 
Umatilla Electric Cooperative Association 
United Rentals 
Utility Engineering, LLC 
UtilityPower, LLC

Pinnacle Bank 
PJM Interconnection LLC 
Power Construction G Inc 
Power Construction JR 
Power Engineers Incorporated 
Pralar USA, Inc. 
PraXel Utility Services 
Principal Life Insurance Company 
Probity Group LLC 
Procore Technologies, Inc. 
ProFoam, LLC 
Pro-Vigil, Inc. 
Pure Power Contractors LLC 
Pure Power Engineering, Inc. 
PureEnergy Renewable Solutions LLC 
PW Revolver Borrower 
PWC US Business Advisory LPP 
QBI Solutions 
QT Corporation 
R Crofters LLP 
Raleigh Marriott City Center 
Raymond Arvell Jungmann 
Renew Safety Solutions LLC 
Renewable Energy Integration Group, LLC 
RES America Developments, Inc. 
Resa Service, LLC 
REV Renewables 
Rio Lago Solar, LLC 
Robert Half Inc. 
Robert Half International 
Rohl Global Networks LP 
RSM US LLP 
RTS Solar Works LLC 
Sacks Surveying & Mapping PC 
Sacramento Drilling, Inc. 
Sage Supply LLC 
Salesforce.com, Inc. 
SAM Surveying And Mapping, LLC 
Shackelford Construction & Hauling LLC 
Shad C Shaw Family Trust 
Shermco Industries, Inc 
Shoals Technologies Group, LLC 
Siemens Industry Inc 
Silver Creek Energy, LLC 
Site Construction Solutions 
Skyline Steel LLC

21

=== page 61 ===
Case 25-90669   Document 228-1   Filed in TXSB on 11/20/25   Page 61 of 66

Valmont Industries Inc. 
Veritas Logistics, LLC 
Verizon Wireless 
Vernon Ave Investments LLC 
Vertex, Inc. 
Vertical Walls Inc 
VFP, Inc. 
Vietnam Sunergy Joint Stock Company 
Virginia Transformer Corp 
Vision Directional Drilling, Inc. 
Voltage, LLC 
Vulcan Construction Materials, LLC 
Waaree Solar Americas Inc 
Wake Stone Corporation 
WECS Renewables 
WEG Transformers USA, LLC 
Weisiger Group Inc. DBA Carolina CAT 
Wesco Distribution, Inc. 
West Florida Fence 
Western Land Services 
Westervelt Company, The 
WEX Inc 
WHC, LLC 
Willscot Mobile Mini 
Wilmington Trust, National Association 
Wind Turbine & Energy Cables Corp 
Winston & Strawn, LLP 
Wofford Streamworks LLC 
Woodlands Energy Renewables, LLC 
Zions Bancorporation, National Assoc.

22

=== page 62 ===
Case 25-90669   Document 228-1   Filed in TXSB on 11/20/25   Page 62 of 66

Appendix 2

Client Match List

Matched Entity 
Relationship to Debtors 
Relationship to

L&W1 
Abacus 
Vendors 
Current Client 
AFCO Credit Corporation 
Vendors 
Current Client 
AFCO Premium Credit LLC 
Insurance 
Current Client 
AIG Mergers and Acquisitions

Insurance Group 
Insurance 
Current Client

AIG Specialty Insurance

Company 
Insurance 
Current Client

Allianz Global Risks US

Insurance Company 
Insurance 
Current Client

Alvarez & Marsal 
Bankruptcy Professionals - Retained 
Current Client 
Amazon Treasury Cash

Management

Banks/Lender/UCC Lien 
Parties/Administrative Agents 
Current Client

Ambridge Partners LLC 
Insurance 
Former Client 
Aon Risk Insurance Services

West Inc 
Vendors 
Current Client

Aon Risk Services Northeast,

Inc. 
Insurance 
Current Client

Apple Energy, LLC 
Surety & Letters of Credit-Beneficiaries 
Current Client 
Arevon Energy, Inc. 
Surety & Letters of Credit-Beneficiaries 
Current Client 
AT&T 
Utilities 
Former Client 
Australia and New Zealand

Banking Group Limited 
Surety & Letters of Credit-Beneficiaries 
Current Client

Avivia Insurance Company 
Insurance 
Current Client 
Banco Bilbao Vizcaya

Argentaria S.A. 
Surety & Letters of Credit-Issuers 
Current Client

Banco Santander, S.A., New

York Branch

Banks/Lender/UCC Lien 
Parties/Administrative Agents 
Current Client

Bank of America, N.A. 
Surety & Letters of Credit-Issuers 
Current Client 
Bayerische Landesbank, New

York Branch

Banks/Lender/UCC Lien 
Parties/Administrative Agents 
Current Client

BayernLB Holding AG 
Banks/Lender/UCC Lien 
Parties/Administrative Agents 
Former Client

BBVA, S.A. 
Surety & Letters of Credit-Beneficiaries 
Current Client

1  
The term “Current Client” refers to an entity listed as a client in L&W’s Client Database for whom time has been 
recorded in the past 12 months and L&W has at least one open matter.  The term “Former Client” refers to an 
entity listed as a client in L&W’s Client Database for whom time has been recorded in the past three years.  L&W 
does not disclose connections if time was recorded more than three years before the Petition Date.

=== page 63 ===
Case 25-90669   Document 228-1   Filed in TXSB on 11/20/25   Page 63 of 66

Matched Entity 
Relationship to Debtors 
Relationship to

L&W1 
Berkshire Hathaway Specialty

Insurance Company 
Insurance 
Current Client

Blackstone 
Banks/Lender/UCC Lien 
Parties/Administrative Agents 
Current Client

Brookfield Asset Management

Ltd.

Banks/Lender/UCC Lien 
Parties/Administrative Agents 
Current Client

Brookfield Power US Asset

Management LLC 
Vendors 
Current Client

Canadian Solar (USA), Inc. 
Vendors 
Current Client 
CDW Direct LLC, CDW Direct 
Vendors 
Current Client 
Charter Communications 
Utilities 
Current Client

Churchill 
Banks/Lender/UCC Lien 
Parties/Administrative Agents 
Current Client

CIT Bank 
Banks/Lender/UCC Lien 
Parties/Administrative Agents 
Current Client

Citi Bank 
Banks/Lender/UCC Lien 
Parties/Administrative Agents 
Current Client

City National Bank 
Banks/Lender/UCC Lien 
Parties/Administrative Agents 
Current Client

CoBank 
Banks/Lender/UCC Lien 
Parties/Administrative Agents 
Current Client

Corporation Service Company 
Banks/Lender/UCC Lien 
Parties/Administrative Agents 
Current Client

Credit Agricole Corporate and

Investment Bank 
Surety & Letters of Credit-Issuers 
Current Client

Delaware Life Insurance

Company 
Vendors 
Current Client

Deutsche Bank Trust Company

Americas 
Vendors 
Current Client

Dominion Energy North

Carolina, Inc. 
Utilities 
Former Client

Dominion Energy South

Carolina, Inc. 
Utilities 
Former Client

Dominion Energy Virginia 
Surety & Letters of Credit-Beneficiaries 
Current Client 
Duke Energy Progress 
Vendors 
Current Client 
Duke University 
Surety & Letters of Credit-Beneficiaries 
Current Client 
Evergreen Resources, LLC 
Insurance 
Current Client

Fifth Third Bancorp 
Banks/Lender/UCC Lien 
Parties/Administrative Agents 
Current Client

Firstar Development, LLC 
Insurance 
Current Client 
First-Citizens Bank & Trust

Company

Banks/Lender/UCC Lien 
Parties/Administrative Agents 
Current Client

Ford Credit 
Vendors 
Current Client 
Fortegra Specialty Insurance

Company 
Insurance 
Current Client

2

=== page 64 ===
Case 25-90669   Document 228-1   Filed in TXSB on 11/20/25   Page 64 of 66

Matched Entity 
Relationship to Debtors 
Relationship to

L&W1 
Forvis Mazars, LLP 
Vendors 
Current Client

Fundamental Advisors LP 
Banks/Lender/UCC Lien 
Parties/Administrative Agents 
Former Client

Generate Capital 
Significant Equity Holders 
Current Client 
GE-Prolec Transformers, Inc. 
Vendors 
Current Client 
GFL Environmental Inc. 
Utilities 
Current Client 
Gibson Dunn & Crutcher LLP 
Vendors 
Former Client 
Grant Thornton Advisors LLC 
Vendors 
Current Client

Greenprint 
Banks/Lender/UCC Lien 
Parties/Administrative Agents 
Current Client

Hartford Fire Insurance

Company 
Insurance 
Former Client

HASI Old Hayneville, LLC 
Vendors 
Current Client 
HDI Global Specialty SE 
Insurance 
Former Client 
Healthcare of Ontario Pension

Plan 
Significant Equity Holders 
Current Client

Howden 
Insurance 
Current Client 
Huron Consulting Services, LLC 
Vendors 
Former Client 
Irradiant Partners, LP 
Surety & Letters of Credit-Beneficiaries 
Current Client 
John Hancock 
Known Affiliates - JV 
Current Client

JPMorgan Chase 
Banks/Lender/UCC Lien 
Parties/Administrative Agents 
Current Client

Lazard 
Bankruptcy Professionals - Retained 
Current Client 
Liberty Mutual Insurance

Company 
Surety & Letters of Credit-Issuers 
Current Client

Liberty Surplus Insurance

Corporation 
Insurance 
Current Client

Lloyds Bank Corporate Markets

plc 
Surety & Letters of Credit-Issuers 
Current Client

Lloyds of London 
Insurance 
Current Client 
Martin Marietta Materials, Inc. 
Vendors 
Current Client 
Meta Platforms, Inc 
Surety & Letters of Credit-Beneficiaries 
Current Client 
Midamerican Energy Company 
Surety & Letters of Credit-Beneficiaries 
Current Client 
Mitsubishi UFJ Financial Group,

Inc.

Banks/Lender/UCC Lien 
Parties/Administrative Agents 
Current Client

Monarch 
Banks/Lender/UCC Lien 
Parties/Administrative Agents 
Current Client

Morgan Stanley 
Banks/Lender/UCC Lien 
Parties/Administrative Agents 
Current Client

MUFG Bank, Ltd. 
Surety & Letters of Credit-Beneficiaries 
Current Client 
Munich Re Syndicate 
Insurance 
Former Client

National Bank of Canada 
Banks/Lender/UCC Lien 
Parties/Administrative Agents 
Current Client

3

=== page 65 ===
Case 25-90669   Document 228-1   Filed in TXSB on 11/20/25   Page 65 of 66

Matched Entity 
Relationship to Debtors 
Relationship to

L&W1 
Nationwide Mutual Insurance

Company  
Surety & Letters of Credit-Issuers 
Current Client

Norddeutsche Landesbank-

Girozentrale

Banks/Lender/UCC Lien 
Parties/Administrative Agents 
Current Client

Oracle America, Inc. 
Vendors 
Current Client 
Origis USA, LLC 
Top 30 Creditors 
Current Client 
Paul Hastings LLP 
Vendors 
Current Client 
Pennsylvania Insurance

Company 
Surety & Letters of Credit-Issuers 
Former Client

Pinnacle 
Banks/Lender/UCC Lien 
Parties/Administrative Agents 
Current Client

Portland General Electric

Company 
Surety & Letters of Credit-Beneficiaries 
Current Client

QBE Specialty Insurance

Company 
Insurance 
Former Client

Republic Services 
Utilities 
Current Client 
Rev Renewables 
Vendors 
Current Client 
Salesforce.com, Inc. 
Vendors 
Current Client

Seminole 
Banks/Lender/UCC Lien 
Parties/Administrative Agents 
Current Client

Shoals Technologies Group,

LLC 
Top 30 Creditors 
Current Client

Siemens 
Banks/Lender/UCC Lien 
Parties/Administrative Agents 
Current Client

Siemens Industry Inc 
Vendors 
Current Client 
SiriusPoint America Insurance

Company 
Surety & Letters of Credit-Issuers 
Current Client

SMBC 
Banks/Lender/UCC Lien 
Parties/Administrative Agents 
Current Client

Societe Generale 
Banks/Lender/UCC Lien 
Parties/Administrative Agents 
Current Client

Sol Systems 
Banks/Lender/UCC Lien 
Parties/Administrative Agents 
Current Client

Southern Current LLC 
Surety & Letters of Credit-Beneficiaries 
Current Client

Standard Chartered 
Banks/Lender/UCC Lien 
Parties/Administrative Agents 
Current Client

Starbucks Corporation 
Counterparty 
Current Client 
Starr Indemnity & Liability

Company 
Insurance 
Former Client

Sumitomo Mitsui Banking

Corporation 
Surety & Letters of Credit-Beneficiaries 
Current Client

Sumitomo Mitsui Finance 
Vendors 
Current Client 
Swiss Re Corporate Solutions 
Capacity Insurance Corporation 
Insurance 
Former Client

Tetra Tech, Inc. 
Vendors 
Current Client

4

=== page 66 ===
Case 25-90669   Document 228-1   Filed in TXSB on 11/20/25   Page 66 of 66

Matched Entity 
Relationship to Debtors 
Relationship to

L&W1 
The Bank of Nova Scotia 
Surety & Letters of Credit-Beneficiaries 
Current Client 
The Canadian Imperial Bank of

Commerce, New York Branch

Banks/Lender/UCC Lien 
Parties/Administrative Agents 
Current Client

The Carlyle Group Inc. 
Banks/Lender/UCC Lien 
Parties/Administrative Agents 
Current Client

The Hartford 
Vendors 
Former Client 
TRC Environmental Corporation 
Vendors 
Current Client

Truist Bank 
Banks/Lender/UCC Lien 
Parties/Administrative Agents 
Current Client

U.S. Bancorp 
Banks/Lender/UCC Lien 
Parties/Administrative Agents 
Current Client

UCB 
Banks/Lender/UCC Lien 
Parties/Administrative Agents 
Current Client

US Bank 
Banks/Lender/UCC Lien 
Parties/Administrative Agents 
Current Client

Verizon Wireless 
Vendors 
Current Client 
Walmart 
Counterparty 
Current Client

Webbank 
Banks/Lender/UCC Lien 
Parties/Administrative Agents 
Current Client

West Florida Fence 
Vendors 
Current Client 
WEX Inc 
Vendors 
Current Client 
Wilmington Trust, National

Association 
Vendors 
Current Client

Z Bank AG, New York Branch 
Surety & Letters of Credit-Issuers 
Current Client 
Zurich American Insurance

Company 
Insurance 
Current Client

5

