=== page 1 ===
Case 25-11195-JKS    Doc 146-4    Filed 07/14/25    Page 1 of 27

Exhibit C

Robbins Declaration

RLF1 33268903v.1

=== page 2 ===
Case 25-11195-JKS    Doc 146-4    Filed 07/14/25    Page 2 of 27

IN THE UNITED STATES BANKRUPTCY COURT

FOR THE DISTRICT OF DELAWARE

------------------------------------------------------------ 
In re:

Chapter 11

ZEN JV, LLC, et al.,1

Case No. 25-11195 (JKS)

Debtors.

(Jointly Administered)

------------------------------------------------------------

x 
: 
: 
: 
: 
: 
: 
x

DECLARATION OF AVI ROBBINS IN 
SUPPORT OF THE APPLICATION OF DEBTORS FOR  
ENTRY OF AN ORDER (I) AUTHORIZING THE RETENTION AND  
EMPLOYMENT OF PJT PARTNERS LP AS INVESTMENT BANKER TO  
THE DEBTORS AND DEBTORS IN POSSESSION EFFECTIVE AS OF THE  
PETITION DATE, (II) WAIVING CERTAIN INFORMATION REQUIREMENTS  
PURSUANT TO LOCAL RULE 2016-2, AND (III) GRANTING RELATED RELIEF

I, Avram Robbins, being duly sworn, state the following under penalty of perjury:

1. 
I am a Partner at PJT Partners LP (“PJT”).  I am duly authorized to make this

declaration (the “Declaration”) on behalf of PJT and submit this Declaration in accordance with

sections 327(a) and 328(a) of title 11 of the United States Code, 11 U.S.C. §§ 101 et seq.

(the “Bankruptcy Code”) and rule 2014(a) of the Federal Rules of Bankruptcy Procedure

(the “Bankruptcy Rules”) in connection with the application (the “Application”) of the

above-captioned debtors and debtors in possession (collectively, the “Debtors”), seek an order

approving the retention of PJT as their investment banker, pursuant to sections 327 and 328(a) of

the Bankruptcy Code, effective as of the Petition Date.2

1  
The Debtors in these cases, along with the last four digits of each debtor’s federal tax identification number (to 
the extent applicable), are: Zen JV, LLC (0225); Monster Worldwide LLC (6555); FastWeb, LLC; Monster 
Government Solutions, LLC (5762); Camaro Acquisition, LLC; CareerBuilder, LLC (6495); CareerBuilder 
Government Solutions, LLC (6426); Luceo Solutions, LLC (4426); CareerBuilder France Holding, LLC (9339); 
and Military Advantage, LLC (9508). The Debtors’ address is 200 N LaSalle Street #900, Chicago, IL 60601.

2 
Capitalized terms used but not otherwise defined herein have the meanings ascribed to such terms in the 
Application or the Engagement Letter, as applicable.

RLF1 33268903v.1

=== page 3 ===
Case 25-11195-JKS    Doc 146-4    Filed 07/14/25    Page 3 of 27

2. 
Except as otherwise indicated, all statements in this Declaration are based on my

personal knowledge of PJT’s engagement with the Debtors, my discussions with other members

of the PJT team and the Debtors’ other advisors, my review of relevant documents, and/or my

opinion based upon my experience.  If called to testify, I could and would testify to each of the

statements set forth herein based on such personal knowledge, discussions, review of documents,

and/or opinion.  To the extent that any information disclosed herein requires subsequent

amendment or modification upon PJT’s completion of further analysis or as additional creditor

information becomes available to it, one or more supplemental declarations will be submitted to

the court reflecting the same.

PJT’S QUALIFICATIONS

3. 
I believe that PJT and the professionals it employs are uniquely qualified to advise

the Debtors in the matters for which PJT is proposed to be employed.

4. 
PJT is one of the leading advisors to companies and creditors in restructurings and

bankruptcies.  PJT was spun off from The Blackstone Group L.P. (“Blackstone”) effective

October 1, 2015.  Upon the consummation of the spinoff, Blackstone’s restructuring and

reorganization advisory group became a part of PJT, and Blackstone’s restructuring professionals

became employees of PJT.  The former Blackstone restructuring professionals, in their capacity as

PJT employees, have been providing their clients with the same high-quality restructuring services

that Blackstone had itself provided since the formation of its restructuring advisory practice

approximately 34 years ago.  PJT professionals have extensive experience working with

financially troubled companies in complex financial restructurings.  Since 1991, PJT professionals

have advised on several hundred distressed situations, both in and out of court.

2 
 
RLF1 33268903v.1

=== page 4 ===
Case 25-11195-JKS    Doc 146-4    Filed 07/14/25    Page 4 of 27

5. 
The partners and members of PJT have assisted and advised in numerous chapter 11

cases.  In particular, the partners and members of PJT’s RSSG have provided services to debtors,

creditors’ committees, and other constituencies in numerous chapter 11 cases, including, among

others:  AbitibiBowater Inc.; Aegean Marine Petroleum Network Inc.; Adelphia Communications

Corporation; Apex Silver Mines Ltd.; Arch Coal, Inc.; Ascent Resources Marcellus Holdings,

LLC; Caesars Entertainment Operating Corporation; Cengage Learning, Inc CHC Group Ltd.;

Cineworld Group plc; Cumulus Media Inc.; Delta Air Lines, Inc.; Edison Mission Energy; Energy

Future Holdings Corporation; Energy & Exploration Partners, Inc.; Endo International plc; Enron

Corporation; EP Energy Corporation; Envision Healthcare; General Motors Corporation; Genesis

Care Pty Limited; Global Crossing Ltd.; Houghton Mifflin Harcourt Publishing Company; Wesco

Aircraft Holdings, Inc. (Incora); iHeartMedia, Inc.; Intelsat S.A.; J. Crew Group, Inc.;

LightSquared Inc.; Los Angeles Dodgers LLC; Merisant Worldwide, Inc.; Mirant Corp.; Natura

&Co. (Avon Products); Pennsylvania Real Estate Investment Trust; Purdue Pharma; Ruby

Pipeline, L.L.C.; Samson Resources Corporation; SemGroup; TerreStar Networks Inc.; Trident

Holding Company, LLC; Tribune Company; VER Technologies Holdco LLC; Verso Corporation;

Walter Energy, Inc.; Westinghouse Electric Company LLC; W.R. Grace & Co.; WeWork Inc.;

and Windstream Holdings, Inc.  In addition, the restructuring group has provided general

restructuring advice to major companies such as Brightspeed, Clearwire Corporation, Del Monte

Foods, Ford Motor Company, The Goodyear Tire & Rubber Company, and Xerox Corporation.

6. 
On or around April 4, 2025, the Debtors initially retained PJT as their investment

banker in connection with a potential the sale of the Debtors’ Monster Government Solutions

business and/or the Debtors’ Monster Media Properties business.3 Such engagement has been

3  
PJT also was previously retained by CareerBuilder, LLC to provide financial advisory services in connection with 
the company’s combination with Monster Worldwide, Inc. in September 2024.

3 
 
RLF1 33268903v.1

=== page 5 ===
Case 25-11195-JKS    Doc 146-4    Filed 07/14/25    Page 5 of 27

amended pursuant to the Engagement Letter to include a sale of all or any portion of the assets of

the Debtors including the sale of any business segments, in whole or in part, of the Debtors.  To

date, PJT has engaged in extensive due diligence of the Debtors’ businesses, including their

operations, assets, capital structure, and contractual arrangements.  PJT has also engaged in

extensive discussions and negotiations with the most interested and likely buyers of each of the

Debtors’ assets, has developed a good understanding of their respective interest levels and has

negotiated stalking horse bids for the Debtors’ assets. Throughout this period of advising the

Debtors, PJT has become familiar with the Debtors’ capital structure, and business operations,

stalking horse bidders and other potential auction participants.

7. 
During PJT’s representation of the Debtors, it has, among other things, provided

advice on potential sale transactions and has participated in negotiations among the Debtors and

potential bidders for the Debtors’ assets.  PJT also assisted the Debtors and its counsel in

connection with (a) reviewing the terms, conditions, and potential impact of various stalking horse

bids, (b) the negotiation of the terms of the Debtors’ DIP financing and (c) negotiations with the

Debtors’ pre-petition lenders.  In addition, PJT has met with the Debtors’ board of directors on

numerous occasions throughout its engagement to discuss and advise on the above matters.

8. 
As a result of the work performed by PJT on behalf of the Debtors both pre- and

postpetition, PJT has acquired significant knowledge of the Debtors’ financial affairs, capital

structure, business operations, assets, and key stakeholders, as well as the drivers of the Debtors’

financial performance, business model and operations.  Likewise, in providing services to the

Debtors, PJT’s professionals have worked closely with the Debtors’ personnel, board, and other

advisors.  If the Application is approved, several of PJT’s professionals, all with substantial

expertise in the areas discussed above, will continue to provide services to the Debtors and will

4 
 
RLF1 33268903v.1

=== page 6 ===
Case 25-11195-JKS    Doc 146-4    Filed 07/14/25    Page 6 of 27

work closely with the Debtors’ personnel and other professionals throughout the sale process.

Accordingly, as a result of PJT’s representation of the Debtors prior to and after the

commencement of these chapter 11 cases and PJT’s extensive experience representing chapter 11

debtors, PJT is well-qualified to provide these services and represent the Debtors during these

chapter 11 cases.

SERVICES PROVIDED BY PJT

9. 
Subject to further order of the Court, and consistent with the terms of the

Engagement Letter,4 PJT’s anticipated services in these chapter 11 cases, to the extent necessary,

appropriate, feasible and as may be requested by the Debtors, including the following:

e. 
assist in the evaluation of the Company’s businesses and prospects;

f. 
assist in the evaluation of the Company’s long-term business plan and related 
financial projections;

g. 
assist in the development of financial data and presentations to the Company’s 
Board of Directors, various creditors, potential buyers and other third parties;

h. 
analyze various restructuring scenarios and the potential impact of these 
scenarios on the recoveries of those stakeholders impacted by the 
Restructuring;5

i. 
provide strategic advice with regard to a Restructuring (including a Sale 
Transaction);

j. 
participate in negotiations among the Company and its creditors, suppliers, 
potential buyers and other interested parties;

4 
The summary of the Engagement Letter contained herein is qualified in its entirety by reference to the provisions 
of the Engagement Letter.  To the extent there is any discrepancy between the summary contained herein and the 
terms set forth in the Engagement Letter, the terms of the Engagement Letter shall govern. 
5  
As used in the Engagement Letter, the term “Restructuring” means (i) any restructuring, reorganization (whether 
or not pursuant to chapter 11 of the United States Bankruptcy Code (“Chapter 11”)) and/or recapitalization of 
the Debtors affecting any of its existing or potential debt obligations or other claims against the Debtors, 
including, without limitation, senior debt, junior debt, trade claims, general unsecured claims, and preferred stock 
(collectively, the “Obligations”), and/or (ii) a sale or other disposition of any material assets and/or equity of the 
Debtors (with any transaction described in the foregoing clause (ii) being referred to herein as a “Sale 
Transaction”),  and/or (iii) any complete or partial repurchase, refinancing, extension or repayment by the 
Debtors of any of the Obligations.

5 
 
RLF1 33268903v.1

=== page 7 ===
Case 25-11195-JKS    Doc 146-4    Filed 07/14/25    Page 7 of 27

k. 
assist the Company in preparing marketing materials in conjunction with a 
possible Sale Transaction;

l. 
assist the Company in identifying potential buyers or parties in interest to a Sale 
Transaction and assist in the due diligence process;

m. 
assist and advise the Company concerning the terms and conditions of any Sale 
Transaction;

n. 
provide expert witness testimony concerning any of the subjects encompassed 
by the other investment banking services listed herein; and

o. 
provide such other advisory services as are customarily provided in connection 
with the analysis and negotiation of a transaction similar to a potential 
Restructuring, as requested and mutually agreed.

PROFESSIONAL COMPENSATION

10. 
PJT’s decision to advise and assist the Debtors in connection with the chapter 11

cases is subject to its ability to be retained in accordance with the terms of the Engagement Letter

pursuant to section 328(a), and not section 330, of the Bankruptcy Code.

11. 
In consideration of the services to be provided by PJT, and as more fully described

in the Engagement Letter, subject to the Court’s approval, the Debtors and PJT have agreed that

PJT shall, in respect of its services, be compensated under the Fee Structure.

12. 
PJT intends to apply for compensation for professional services rendered and

reimbursement of expenses incurred in connection with these chapter 11 cases, subject to the

Court’s approval and in compliance with applicable provisions of the Bankruptcy Code, the

Bankruptcy Rules, the Local Rules, the U.S. Trustee Guidelines, and any other applicable

procedures and orders of the Court, including any order approving the Application and consistent

with the proposed compensation set forth in the Engagement Letter.

13. 
PJT will maintain records in support of any actual, necessary costs and expenses

incurred in connection with the rendering of its services in these chapter 11 cases.  However,

because:  (a) it is not the general practice of investment banking firms such as PJT to keep detailed

6 
 
RLF1 33268903v.1

=== page 8 ===
Case 25-11195-JKS    Doc 146-4    Filed 07/14/25    Page 8 of 27

time records similar to those customarily kept by attorneys; (b) PJT does not ordinarily keep time

records on a “project category” basis; and (c) PJT’s compensation is based solely on a contingency

fee basis, the Debtors are requesting that PJT’s investment banking professionals be required to

maintain records (in summary format) of the services rendered for the Debtors, including summary

descriptions of those services, the approximate time expended in providing those services (in

half-hour increments), and the identity of the professionals who provided those services.  PJT will

present such records to the Court in its fee application(s).  Moreover, the Debtors are requesting

that PJT’s professionals not be required to keep time records on a “project category” basis, that its

non-investment banking professionals and personnel in administrative departments (including

legal) not be required to maintain any time records, and that it not be required to provide or

conform to any schedule of hourly rates.  To the extent that PJT would otherwise be required to

submit more detailed time records for its professionals by the Bankruptcy Code, the Bankruptcy

Rules, the Local Rules, the U.S. Trustee Guidelines, or other applicable procedures and orders of

the Court, the Debtors respectfully request that the Court waive such requirements.

14. 
I believe the Fee Structure is consistent with, and typical of, compensation

arrangements entered into by PJT and other comparable firms in connection with the rendering of

similar services under similar circumstances, both in and out of bankruptcy proceedings.  I also

believe that the Fee Structure is very reasonable given that it is comprised entirely of contingency

based fees, which are tied to the occurrence of certain transactions contemplated by the Debtors

and PJT in the Engagement Letter.  After discussions and arm’s-length negotiations with the

Debtors, I believe that the Fee Structure is in fact reasonable, market-based, and designed to

compensate PJT fairly for its work.

7 
 
RLF1 33268903v.1

=== page 9 ===
Case 25-11195-JKS    Doc 146-4    Filed 07/14/25    Page 9 of 27

15. 
I understand that PJT’s strategic and financial expertise, as well as its capital

markets knowledge, financing skills, mergers and acquisitions experience, and restructuring

capabilities, some or all of which has and will be required by the Debtors during the term of PJT’s

engagement, were important factors to the Debtors in determining the Fee Structure.  I believe that

the ultimate benefits of PJT’s services hereunder cannot be measured by reference to the number

of hours to be expended by PJT’s professionals in the performance of such services.  The Debtors

and PJT agreed upon the Fee Structure in anticipation that a substantial commitment of

professional time and effort would be required of PJT and in light of the fact that (a) such

commitment could have and may still foreclose other opportunities for PJT and (b) the actual time

and commitment required of PJT and its professionals to perform the restructuring services may

vary substantially from week to week and month to month creating “peak load issues” for PJT.

16. 
During the ninety (90)-day period before the Petition Date, the Debtors did not

make any payments to PJT.  As of the Petition Date, the Debtors were current on their obligations

to PJT under the Engagement Letter.

INDEMNIFICATION

17. 
As part of the overall compensation payable to PJT under the terms of the

Engagement Letter, the Debtors have agreed to certain indemnification, contribution, and

reimbursement obligations, set forth in the Indemnity Agreement.  The Indemnity Agreement

provides that the Debtors will indemnify and hold harmless the PJT Parties from and against

Losses incurred by a PJT Party in connection with PJT’s engagement, except for any Losses

to the extent such Losses resulted primarily from the gross negligence, bad faith, fraud or willful

misconduct of such PJT Party.  The Debtors will reimburse such PJT Party for its reasonable legal

and other expenses (including the cost of any investigation and preparation) as such expenses are

incurred by such PJT Party in connection therewith.

8 
 
RLF1 33268903v.1

=== page 10 ===
Case 25-11195-JKS    Doc 146-4    Filed 07/14/25    Page 10 of 27

18. 
I believe that the provisions set forth in the Indemnity Agreement are customary

and reasonable terms of consideration for investment bankers such as PJT in connection with

chapter 11 cases.  PJT negotiated the Engagement Letter, including the provisions of the Indemnity

Agreement, with the Debtors at arm’s length.

NO DUPLICATION OF SERVICES

19. 
The services of PJT are intended to complement and not duplicate the services

rendered by any other professional retained in these chapter 11 cases.  PJT understands that the

Debtors have retained and may retain additional professionals during the term of the engagement

and agrees to work cooperatively with such professionals to integrate any respective work

conducted by the professionals on behalf of the Debtors.

PJT’S DISINTERESTEDNESS

20. 
In anticipation of this representation, Debtors’ counsel provided PJT with a list of

potential parties in interest (the “PII”) in these chapter 11 cases (the “PII List”).  A copy of the

PII List is attached hereto as Schedule 1.

21. 
My understanding from discussion with PJT’s legal and compliance personnel is

that, as part of PJT’s conflicts management program (the “Conflicts Management Program”),

PJT maintains information pertaining to (a) every active matter on which PJT is currently engaged,

(b) the entities represented by PJT in such engagements, (c) the material parties involved in each

current matter (inclusive of adverse and related parties, as identified to PJT by the prospective

client and/or its counsel in the case of a restructuring advisory assignment), and (d) the

professional at PJT that is knowledgeable about the matter.  I understand that, as part of any

conflict review undertaken, this information, including information on closed assignments, is also

incorporated into the review.  It is the policy of PJT that no new matter may be accepted or opened

within the firm without completing and submitting to those charged with administering the

9 
 
RLF1 33268903v.1

=== page 11 ===
Case 25-11195-JKS    Doc 146-4    Filed 07/14/25    Page 11 of 27

Conflicts Management Program the information necessary to check such matter for conflicts.  The

scope of the review is a function of the completeness and accuracy of the information submitted

by the PJT professional opening a new matter.

22. 
My understanding is that (a) as part of the Conflicts Management Program, PJT

reviews the business activity of all entities under the control of PJT Partners, Inc., the publicly

traded company that is the ultimate parent company of PJT and all of its affiliates, (b) the Conflicts

Management Program utilizes a database that stores the details of all such business activity,

including the names of all PJT clients (past and present) and the search methodology utilized by

the database is key word based, (c) results are reviewed for relevance by PJT personnel trained to

evaluate situations for potential conflicts and, in this case as in all cases where PJT represents a

debtor, any and all potential connections to the PII are identified by such personnel, and (d) all

proposed and actual business activity to be undertaken is subject to the foregoing review process

to evaluate potential conflicts.

23. 
PJT’s legal and compliance department has undertaken a review of the PII to

determine possible connections relating to the Debtors (the “Conflict Check”) and such results

for the Conflicts Check are disclosed on Schedule 2 attached hereto. Subject to the foregoing

limitations and the disclosures set forth in Schedule 2, no material connections have been found.

24. 
Certain of the PIIs or their affiliates may hold a passive equity interest (i.e., less

than 20%) in certain of the entities to whom PJT and/or its affiliates have provided in the past or

continue to provide advisory services.  My understanding is that PJT does not routinely track or

maintain such information but is not aware of any such engagement that is related to the Debtors

or these chapter 11 cases or, by virtue of which, the interests of the Debtors or their estates are

adversely affected.

10 
 
RLF1 33268903v.1

=== page 12 ===
Case 25-11195-JKS    Doc 146-4    Filed 07/14/25    Page 12 of 27

25. 
Partners and/or employees of PJT or its affiliates may, from time to time, directly

or indirectly hold equity and/or debt in certain of the PII.  However, to the best of my knowledge

based on information provided by PJT’s legal and compliance department, none of PJT, its

affiliates, or any partner or employee of PJT or its affiliates currently holds (other than potentially

through mutual funds, ETFs or professionally managed discretionary accounts) any interest in any

debt or equity securities of the Debtors.

26. 
Moreover, my understanding is that the Conflicts Management Program searched

all PJT affiliates, and, to the best of my knowledge, information, and belief, all connections

between PJT’s affiliates and the PIIs are disclosed herein.

27. 
Based on the results of the Conflict Check, to the best of my knowledge, neither I,

PJT, nor any partner or employee thereof, insofar as PJT’s legal and compliance department has

been able to ascertain, is an insider of the Debtors, nor has any connection with the Debtors, their

creditors, or other parties in interest, except as otherwise described herein.

28. 
PJT does not believe that its involvement with any of the parties included in the PII

List will adversely affect the Debtors in any way.  PJT does not believe that any potential

relationship it may have with any of the PII would interfere with or impair PJT’s representation of

the Debtors.

29. 
PJT and certain of its partners and employees may have in the past represented,

may currently represent, and may in the future represent, entities that may be on the PII List or

may otherwise be parties in interest in these chapter 11 cases in connection with matters unrelated

(except as otherwise disclosed herein) to the Debtors and these chapter 11 cases.

30. 
As part of its diverse practice, PJT appears in numerous cases, proceedings, and

transactions involving many different professionals, including attorneys, accountants, investment

11 
 
RLF1 33268903v.1

=== page 13 ===
Case 25-11195-JKS    Doc 146-4    Filed 07/14/25    Page 13 of 27

bankers, and financial consultants, some of which may represent claimants and parties in interest

in these chapter 11 cases.  In addition, PJT has in the past, is currently and will likely in the future

be working with or against other professionals involved in these chapter 11 cases in matters

unrelated to these chapter 11 cases, including certain professionals that are PII.  Further, PJT and

its affiliates engage attorneys and other service providers from time to time to provide legal advice

and/or other services to PJT and/or its affiliates, and certain of such service providers may be PII.

31. 
Based on my current knowledge of the professionals, vendors, and other parties

involved in these chapter 11 cases, and to the best of my knowledge based on information provided

by PJT’s legal and compliance department, none of these business relations constitute interests

materially adverse to the Debtors or their estate, and none are in connection with these chapter 11

cases.

32. 
To the best of my knowledge based on information provided by PJT’s legal and

compliance department, except as disclosed herein:  (a) PJT has no material connection with the

Debtors or their estates, the Debtors’ creditors, the U.S. Trustee, any person employed in the office

of the U.S. Trustee, or any other party with an actual or potential interest in the chapter 11 cases

or their respective attorneys or accountants; (b) PJT (and PJT’s professionals) are not direct

creditors, equity security holders, or insiders of the Debtors; (c) neither PJT nor any of its

professionals is or was, within two (2) years of the date of the Debtors’ filing of these chapter 11

cases, a director, officer, or employee of the Debtors; and (d) neither PJT nor its professionals

holds or represents an interest materially adverse to the Debtors, their estates, or any class of

creditors or equity security holders by reason of any direct or indirect relationship to, connection

with, or interest in the Debtors, or for any other reason.  Accordingly, I believe that PJT is a

“disinterested person” as defined in section 101(14) of the Bankruptcy Code, as modified by

12 
 
RLF1 33268903v.1

=== page 14 ===
Case 25-11195-JKS    Doc 146-4    Filed 07/14/25    Page 14 of 27

section 1107(b) of the Bankruptcy Code, and PJT’s employment is permissible under

sections 327(a) and 328(a) of the Bankruptcy Code.

33. 
PJT has performed reasonable due diligence for possible conflicts with the PII in

these chapter 11 cases.  The following is a list of the categories that PJT has searched with respect

to the PII:

• Agents

• Banks

• Bankruptcy Professionals

• Delaware Court Personnel

• Delaware United States Trustee’s Office

• Debtors

• Directors and Officers

• Equity

• Litigation Parties

• Letter of Credit Beneficiary/Guarantor

• Non-Debtors

• Other Parties

• Real Estate Lease Counterparties

• Seller Note Counterparty

• Term Loan Lenders

• Top Unsecured Creditors

34. 
The PII List provided to PJT by the Debtors may change during the pendency of

these chapter 11 cases.  Should PJT learn that a relationship with any of the PII should be disclosed

in the future, a supplemental declaration with such disclosure will be promptly filed.

13 
 
RLF1 33268903v.1

=== page 15 ===
Case 25-11195-JKS    Doc 146-4    Filed 07/14/25    Page 15 of 27

35. 
Given the large number of parties in interest in these chapter 11 cases, despite the

efforts to identify and disclose PJT’s relationships with the PII, I am unable to state with absolute

certainty that every client relationship or other connection has been disclosed in this Declaration.

PJT, therefore, will conduct an ongoing review of its files to ensure that no conflicts or other

disqualifying circumstances exist or arise.  If any new material facts or relationships are discovered

or arise, PJT will promptly file a supplemental declaration with the Court.

[Remainder of page left intentionally blank]

14 
 
RLF1 33268903v.1

=== page 16 ===
Case 25-11195-JKS    Doc 146-4    Filed 07/14/25    Page 16 of 27

Pursuant to 28 U.S.C. § 1746, I declare under penalty of perjury that the foregoing

is true and correct.

Dated: July 14, 2025 
Respectfully submitted, 
 
 
 
/s/ Avram Robbins 
 
Avram Robbins

15 
 
RLF1 33268903v.1

=== page 17 ===
Case 25-11195-JKS    Doc 146-4    Filed 07/14/25    Page 17 of 27

Schedule 1

List of Potential Parties in Interest

RLF1 33268903v.1

=== page 18 ===
Case 25-11195-JKS    Doc 146-4    Filed 07/14/25    Page 18 of 27

Agents 
 
Wilmington Trust, National Association 
 
Banks 
 
Bank of America 
 
Benefits 
 
ADP Inc 
Calm.Com Inc 
Cigna Group 
Concur Technologies, Inc. 
Delta Dental of California 
Delta Dental of Il 
Empower Trust Company, LLC

PJT Partners LP 
Richards, Layton & Finger, P.A.

Eyemed 
Guardian 
Lincoln National Life Ins Co 
Metlife 
Schwab Retirement Plan Services 
Telus Health (Us) Ltd 
United Healthcare Services Inc 
 
Bankruptcy Professionals 
 
AlixPartners 
Latham & Watkins LLP 
Omni Agent Solutions, Inc.

Delaware Court Personnel 
 
Al Lugano 
Amanda Hrycak 
Annamarie Martino 
Cacia Batts 
Chief Judge Karen B. Owens 
Claire Brady 
Danielle Gadson 
Demitra Yeager 
Jill Walker 
Judge Brendan L. Shannon 
Judge Craig T. Goldblatt 
Judge J. Kate Stickles 
Judge John T. Dorsey 
Judge Laurie Selber Silverstein

Judge Mary F. Walrath 
Judge Thomas M. Horan 
Laura Haney 
Laurie Capp 
Lora Johnson 
Marquietta Lopez 
Nickita Barksdale 
Nikki Washington 
Paula Subda 
Rachel Bello 
Stephen Grant 
Todd Kirk 
Una O'boyle 
Xavier Hurt 
 
Delaware UST’s office 
 
Benjamin Hackman 
Christine Green

Dion Wynn 
Edith A. Serrano

=== page 19 ===
Case 25-11195-JKS    Doc 146-4    Filed 07/14/25    Page 19 of 27

Lauren Attix 
Linda Casey 
Linda Richenderfer 
Malcolm M. Bates 
Michael Girello 
Nyanquoi Jones 
Richard Schepacarter 
Shakima L. Dortch 
Timothy J. Fox, Jr.

Elizabeth Thomas 
Hannah M. McCollum 
Hawa Konde 
Holly Dice 
James R. O'Malley 
Jane Leamy 
Jonathan Lipshie 
Jonathan Nyaku 
Joseph Cudia 
Joseph McMahon

Debtors 
 
Camaro Acquisition LLC 
CareerBuilder France Holding, LLC 
CareerBuilder Government Solutions, LLC 
CareerBuilder, LLC 
Fastweb, LLC

Camaro Holdings, LLC 
Ontario Teacher's Pension Plan 
Randstad N.V.

Luceo Solutions, LLC 
Military Advantage LLC 
Monster Government Solutions LLC 
Monster Worldwide LLC 
Zen, JV, LLC 
 
Direct and Indirect Equity Holders 
 
2584172 Ontario Inc. 
AP Special Sits Camaro Holdings, LLC 
Apollo Global Management, Inc. 
Apollo Special Situations Fund, L.P.

Mark Pacioni 
Maxwell David 
Michael Suhajda 
Rebecca Henderson 
Sam Gallagher 
Sheri Davis 
Stef Leijdekkers

Directors and Officers 
 
Ahern Dull 
Anna Phillips 
Daniel Silvers 
Fiona van Lede 
Gregory Binder 
Jarnail Badwal 
Jeff Furman 
Kenneth Shea

Insurers 
 
ACE American Insurance Company 
Allianz Global Risks US Insurance Co. 
Allied World National Assurance Company 
American International Companies (AIG) 
Aon UK Limited 
Arch Insurance Company 
AXIS Insurance Company

Berkley Insurance Company 
Berkley Professional Liability 
Chubb National Ins Co 
Federal Insurance Company 
Hartford Insurance Group 
Hiscox Insurance Company Inc. 
Illinois National Insurance Co

=== page 20 ===
Case 25-11195-JKS    Doc 146-4    Filed 07/14/25    Page 20 of 27

Lexington Insurance Company 
Liberty International Underwriters 
Liberty Surplus Insurance Corporation 
Lloyd's Syndicate No. 3000 
National Union Fire Ins Co of Pittsburgh

Risk Specialists Companies Ins Agcy,Inc. 
Twin City Fire Insurance Company 
XL Professional 
XL Specialty Insurance Co 
Zurich American Ins Co 
 
Litigation 
 
Jobget, Inc. 
S Risius Ross, Llc

The New York City Commission on Human 
Rights 
 
LOC Beneficiary 
 
Dell Financial Services LLC 
 
LOC Guarantor 
 
Bank of America 
 
Non-Debtors 
 
CareerBuilder Brasil Atividades de Internete 
e Participacoes LTDA. 
CareerBuilder Canada Co 
CareerBuilder com India Private Limited 
CareerBuilder Information Technology 
(Shanghai) Co., Ltd 
CareerBuilder International Holdings B.V. 
CareerBuilder ProfilSoft Dutch Holdings 
B.V. 
CareerBuilder Romania S.R.L. 
CareerBuilder UK Holdings Limited 
CB Solutions Pty Ltd 
Monster Belgium nv 
Monster Luxembourg SA 
Monster Technologies Malaysia Sdn. Bhd

Monster Worldwide Austria GmbH 
Monster Worldwide Canada Operations Inc. 
Monster Worldwide CZ s.r.o. 
Monster Worldwide Germany GmbH 
Monster Worldwide International Holding 
bv 
Monster Worldwide Ireland Ltd 
Monster Worldwide Italia Srl 
Monster Worldwide Limited 
Monster Worldwide Netherlands bv 
Monster Worldwide S.L. 
Monster Worldwide SAS 
Monster Worldwide Sweden AB 
Monster Worldwide Switzerland AG 
Monster.com Asia Pacific Ltd. 
 
Other Parties 
 
Blue Torch Capital 
HIG Capital LLC 
JMB Capital Partners Lending, LLC 
Norton Rose Fulbright US LLP

Paul Hastings 
Valnet 
Valsoft 
Young Conaway Stargatt & Taylor, LLP 
 
RE Lease

=== page 21 ===
Case 25-11195-JKS    Doc 146-4    Filed 07/14/25    Page 21 of 27

622 Building Company LLC (Cohen Bros) 
Equinix, INC 
Iron Mountain Data Centers LLC

Onni 200 LaSalle Limited Partnership 
TMG 8280 Greensboro LLC 
VEF V Atlanta office Two, LLC 
 
Seller Note 
 
Randstad MWW Inc. 
 
Tax Authorities 
 
Alabama Department of Revenue 
Alaska Department of Revenue 
Arizona Department of Revenue 
California Franchise Tax Board 
City of Philadelphia Department of Finance 
Colorado Department of Revenue 
Connecticut Department of Revenue 
Delaware Division of Revenue 
Department of the Treasury Internal 
Revenue Service Center 
District of Columbia Department of 
Revenue 
Florida Department of Revenue 
Georgia Department of Revenue 
Hawaii Department of Revenue 
Idaho Department of Revenue 
Illinois Department of Revenue 
Indiana Department of Revenue 
Iowa Department of Revenue 
Kansas Department of Revenue 
Kentucky Department of Revenue 
Louisiana Department of Revenue

Nassau 
OFS 
Par Four / Benefit Street 
Saratoga Partners 
Zais Group

Maryland Department of Revenue 
Massachusetts Department of Revenue 
Minnesota Department of Revenue 
Mississippi Department of Revenue 
Missouri Department of Revenue 
Nebraska Department of Revenue 
New Hampshire Department of Revenue 
New Jersey Department of Revenue 
New York City Department of Finance 
New York Department of Revenue 
North Carolina Department of Revenue 
Oklahoma Department of Revenue 
Oregon Department of Revenue 
Pennsylvania Department of Revenue 
Philadelphia Department of 
Revenue 
South Carolina Department of Revenue 
Tennessee Department of Revenue 
Texas Department of Revenue 
Utah Department of Revenue 
Virginia Department of Revenue 
Wisconsin Department of Revenue 
 
Term Loan Lenders 
 
Arbour Lane 
ArrowMark 
Canaras 
Cerberus 
Constitution Capital 
Crescent Capital 
Ellington 
Fortinbras Enterprise 
FourSixThree 
InvestCorp 
Morgan Stanley

=== page 22 ===
Case 25-11195-JKS    Doc 146-4    Filed 07/14/25    Page 22 of 27

Top Unsecured Creditors
 
Acoustic LP 
Adworks Ltd 
Ahead Inc 
Aimwel B.V. 
Akin Gump Strauss Hauer & Feld 
Amplitude Inc 
Appcast Inc 
Appian Corporation 
Brazen Technologies Inc 
Camelot Communications Ltd 
Daymark Solutions Inc 
Equinix Inc 
Everlong Media LLC 
Getty Images Inc 
Google LLC 
Ikokas Technologies Private Ltd 
Iron Mountain Inc 
Jobcase Inc 
Jobget Inc 
Jobverse Inc.

Verinext Capital, LLC 
Wells Fargo Financial Leasing, Inc.  
Wilmington Trust, National Association, As 
Collateral Agent

Joveo Inc 
Microsoft Online Inc 
Morgan Lewis & Bockius LLP 
Nexxt Inc 
Okta Inc 
Oracle America Inc 
Pwc Us Tax LLP 
Quality Technology Services 
Rackspace Us Inc 
Recruitics Inc 
Salesforce.Com Inc 
Secureit Consulting Group Inc 
Skadden, Arps, Slate, Meagher & Flom 
Talroo Inc 
Tanzilli Sociedade De Advogado 
Textkernel BV 
Vedder Price PC 
Velaro Inc 
Verinext Corp 
Winston & Strawn LLP 
 
UCC Lien Search 
 
Dell Financial Services L,L,C. 
Greatamerica Financial Services 
Corporation 
Randstad MWW Solutions Inc., As 
Collateral Agent

=== page 23 ===
Case 25-11195-JKS    Doc 146-4    Filed 07/14/25    Page 23 of 27

Schedule 2

(Schedule of Potential Parties in Interest

As to Which PJT Has a Connection)

PJT (and/or its financial advisory affiliates) has been engaged within the last three years, is 
currently engaged by, or has another connection to, the following PIIs (or one or more of their 
affiliates, as the case may be) in matters unrelated to these Chapter 11 Cases (including where one 
of the PII was only a member of an official or an ad hoc creditor committee or an equity 
committee):

a. 
An individual with whom PJT has an ongoing consultancy arrangement is a senior 
advisor to AlixPartners, one of the PII.  Such consultant is not part of the PJT team 
representing the Debtors in these Chapter 11 Cases.

b. 
PJT was previously engaged to provide financial advisory services to an ad hoc 
group of noteholders and the indenture trustee in connection with the chapter 11 
case of SVB Financial Group.  The members of such group included Apollo Global 
Management, Inc. (“Apollo”) and an affiliate of Bank of America, each of which is 
a PII.

c. 
PJT was previously engaged to provide financial advisory services to a group of 
lenders to a certain company in a confidential matter. The members of such group 
included an affiliate of Apollo and an affiliate of Benefit Street, each of which is a 
PII.

d. 
PJT was previously engaged to provide financial advisory services to a group of 
lenders to a certain company in a confidential matter. The members of such group 
included Apollo and an affiliate of Benefit Street, each of which is a PII.

e. 
PJT has been engaged to provide financial advisory services to a group of lenders 
to a certain company in a confidential matter. The members of such group include 
Apollo and an affiliate of Benefit Street, each of which is a PII.

f. 
PJT was previously engaged to provide financial advisory services a group of 
lenders to a certain company in a confidential matter. The members of such group 
included Apollo and Morgan Stanley, each of which is a PII.

g. 
PJT was previously engaged to provide financial advisory services a group of 
lenders to a certain company in a confidential matter. The members of such group 
included Apollo, Benefit Street, and an affiliate of Crescent Capital, each of which 
is a PII.

h. 
In addition, with respect to Apollo, which is a PII:

(i) 
PJT has in the past and continues to provide financial advisory 
services to groups of lenders to certain companies in several

RLF1 33268903v.1

=== page 24 ===
Case 25-11195-JKS    Doc 146-4    Filed 07/14/25    Page 24 of 27

confidential matters. The members of such groups include Apollo or 
an affiliate of Apollo.  
 
PJT was previously engaged to provide financial advisory services 
to certain affiliates of Apollo in several confidential matters. In 
addition, PJT has in the past and continues to provide financial 
advisory services to certain companies in unrelated confidential 
matters where Apollo or an affiliate thereof is the owner (in whole 
or in part) of the equity of each such company.

(ii) 
An affiliate of PJT was previously engaged to provide financial 
advisory services to an affiliate of Apollo in a confidential matter.  
 
(iii) 
PJT was previously engaged to provide financial advisory services 
to an affiliate of Apollo in connection with the chapter 11 case of 
Scandinavian Airlines.

(iv) 
An individual with whom PJT has an ongoing consultancy 
arrangement is a consultant to Apollo. Such consultant is not part of 
the PJT team representing the Debtors in these Chapter 11 Cases.

(v) 
PJT was previously engaged to provide financial advisory services 
to Phoenix Services International LLC in connection with its chapter 
11 case. An affiliate of Apollo was the equity holder of such 
company.

(vi) 
An affiliate of PJT has been engaged to provide financial advisory 
services to two separate groups of lenders to certain companies in 
two separate confidential matters.  The members of each such group 
include an affiliate of Apollo.

(vii) 
PJT was previously engaged to provide financial advisory services 
to a group of lenders to a certain company in a confidential matter. 
The members of such group included an affiliate of Apollo, one of 
the PII.

(viii) An employee of PJT who was a member of the PJT deal team

providing services to the Debtors but left PJT on July 5, 2025, 
following the completion of PJT’s two-year analyst program, has 
accepted a position at Apollo beginning thereafter.

2 
 
RLF1 33268903v.1

=== page 25 ===
Case 25-11195-JKS    Doc 146-4    Filed 07/14/25    Page 25 of 27

i. 
PJT was previously engaged to provide financial advisory services to a group of 
lenders to a certain company in a confidential matter. The members of such group 
included ArrowMark, Benefit Street, Canaras Capital Management LLC, Crescent 
Capital, InvestCorp Holdings B.S.C, and Morgan Stanley, each of which is a PII.

j. 
PJT maintains a banking relationship with Bank of America, one of the PII.

k. 
PJT has been engaged to provide advisory services to an affiliate of Bank of 
America, one of the PII, in a confidential matter.

l. 
PJT was previously engaged to provide financial advisory services to a group of 
lenders to a certain company in a confidential matter. The members of such group 
included Bank of America and an affiliate of Crescent Capital, each of which is a 
PII.

m. 
PJT was previously engaged to provide financial advisory services to two separate 
groups of lenders of certain companies in two separate confidential matters. The 
members of each such group included Benefit Street, one of the PII.

n. 
PJT has been engaged to provide financial advisory services to a group of lenders 
to a certain company in a confidential matter.  The members of such group include 
an affiliate of Benefit Street, one of the PII.

o. 
PJT was previously engaged to provide financial advisory services to an affiliate of 
Benefit Street, one of the PII, in a confidential matter.

p. 
PJT was previously engaged to provide financial advisory services to an ad hoc 
group of lenders to a certain company in a confidential matter. The members of 
such ad hoc group included an affiliate of Benefit Street and Morgan Stanley, each 
of which is a PII.

q. 
PJT was previously engaged to provide financial advisory services to a group of 
lenders to a certain company in a confidential matter. The members of such group 
included Benefit Street and an affiliate of InvestCorp Holdings B.S.C, each of 
which is a PII.

r. 
An affiliate of PJT has been engaged to provide financial advisory services to a 
group of lenders of a certain company in a confidential matter. The members of 
such group include an affiliate of Benefit Street and Morgan Stanley, each of which 
is a PII.

s. 
PJT was previously engaged to provide financial advisory services to Cerberus 
Capital Management, L.P. (“Cerberus”), one of the PII, in a confidential matter.

t. 
PJT was previously engaged to provide financial advisory services to a group of 
lenders to a certain company in a confidential matter. The members of such group 
included Cerberus and an affiliate of Morgan Stanley, each of which is a PII.

3 
 
RLF1 33268903v.1

=== page 26 ===
Case 25-11195-JKS    Doc 146-4    Filed 07/14/25    Page 26 of 27

u. 
PJT has been engaged to provide financial advisory services to an affiliate of 
Crescent Capital, one of the PII, in a confidential matter.

v. 
PJT has been engaged to provide advisory services to an affiliate of Dell Financial 
Services LLC, one of the PII, in a confidential matter.

w. 
PJT was previously engaged to provide financial advisory services to a group of 
lenders to a certain company in a confidential matter. The members of such group 
included certain affiliates of Ellington Management Group, L.L.C., one of the PII.

x. 
An affiliate of PJT has been engaged to provide financial advisory services to a 
group of lenders to a certain company in a confidential matter. The members of 
such group include Ellington Management Group, L.L.C., one of the PII.

y. 
PJT was previously engaged to provide advisory services to Google LLC, one of 
the PII, in a confidential matter.

z. 
PJT was previously engaged to provide financial advisory services to HIG Capital 
LLC, one of the PII, in two separate confidential matters.

aa. 
An affiliate of PJT has been engaged to provide financial advisory services to an 
affiliate of HIG Capital LLC, one of the PII, in a confidential matter.

bb. 
An affiliate of PJT has been engaged to provide financial advisory services to a 
group of lenders to a certain company in a confidential matter.  The members of 
such group previously included Morgan Stanley, one of the PII.

cc. 
PJT has been engaged to provide financial advisory services to certain affiliates of 
Morgan Stanley, one of the PII, in two separate confidential matters, one of which 
is closed.

dd. 
PJT was previously engaged to provide financial advisory services to a group of 
lenders to a certain company in a confidential matter.  The members of such group 
included Morgan Stanley, one of the PII.

ee. 
PJT was previously engaged to provide financial advisory services to an affiliate of 
Morgan Stanley, one of the PII, in two separate confidential matters.

ff. 
PJT was previously engaged to provide financial advisory services to a group of 
lenders to a certain company in a confidential matter. The members of such group 
included an affiliate of Morgan Stanley, one of the PII.

gg. 
The father of one of PJT’s employees is Chairman of the Supervisory Body of an 
affiliate of Morgan Stanley, one of the PII.  Such employee is not part of the PJT 
team representing the Debtors in these chapter 11 cases.

4 
 
RLF1 33268903v.1

=== page 27 ===
Case 25-11195-JKS    Doc 146-4    Filed 07/14/25    Page 27 of 27

hh. 
An affiliate of PJT has been engaged to provide financial advisory services to a 
certain company in a confidential matter. Ontario Teacher’s Pension Plan, one of 
the PII, is an equity holder in such company.

ii. 
PJT was previously engaged to provide financial advisory services to an affiliate of 
Rackspace US Inc., one of the PII, in a confidential matter.

jj. 
PJT was previously engaged to provide financial advisory services to 
Salesforce.com Inc., one of the PII, in a confidential matter.

kk. 
PJT has been engaged to provide advisory services to Salesforce.com Inc., one of 
the PII, in a confidential matter.

5 
 
RLF1 33268903v.1

