=== page 1 ===
Case 25-11195-JKS    Doc 145-4    Filed 07/14/25    Page 1 of 34

EXHIBIT C

Eisenberg Declaration

RLF1 33277598v.1

=== page 2 ===
Case 25-11195-JKS    Doc 145-4    Filed 07/14/25    Page 2 of 34

UNITED STATES BANKRUPTCY COURT

FOR THE DISTRICT OF DELAWARE

---------------------------------------------------------

In re:

Chapter 11

ZEN JV, LLC, et al.,1

Case No. 25-11195 (JKS)

Debtors.

(Jointly Administered)

---------------------------------------------------------

x 
: 
: 
: 
: 
: 
: 
: 
: 
x

DECLARATION OF RANDALL EISENBERG  
IN SUPPORT OF THE DEBTORS’ APPLICATION TO EMPLOY  
AND RETAIN ALIXPARTNERS, LLP AS FINANCIAL ADVISOR

TO THE DEBTORS EFFECTIVE AS OF THE PETITION DATE

I, Randall Eisenberg, make this declaration pursuant to 28 U.S.C. § 1746, and state:

1. 
I am a Partner and Managing Director of AlixPartners, LLP (“AlixPartners”), 2

which has a principal place of business at 909 Third Avenue, Floor 30, New York, New York

10022.

2. 
I submit this declaration (the “Declaration”) on behalf of AlixPartners in support

of the Debtors’ Application for an Order Authorizing Debtors to Retain and Employ AlixPartners,

LLP as Financial Advisor Effective as of the Petition Date (the “Application”), by which the

Debtors are seeking retention of AlixPartners on the terms and conditions set forth in the

Application and the engagement letter between the Debtors and AlixPartners attached to the

1  The Debtors in these cases, along with the last four digits of each debtor’s federal tax identification number (to the 
extent applicable), are:  Zen JV, LLC (0225); Monster Worldwide LLC (6555); FastWeb, LLC; Monster 
Government Solutions, LLC (5762); Camaro Acquisition, LLC; CareerBuilder, LLC (6495); CareerBuilder 
Government Solutions, LLC (6426); Luceo Solutions, LLC (4426); CareerBuilder France Holding, LLC (9339); 
and Military Advantage, LLC (9508).  The Debtors’ address is 200 N LaSalle Street #900, Chicago, IL 60601.

2  
Capitalized terms used but not otherwise defined herein have the meanings set forth in the Application.

RLF1 33277598v.1

=== page 3 ===
Case 25-11195-JKS    Doc 145-4    Filed 07/14/25    Page 3 of 34

Application as Exhibit B (the “Engagement Letter”).  Except as otherwise noted,3 I have

personal knowledge of the matters set forth herein.  If called and sworn as a witness, I could, and

would, testify competently to the matters set forth herein.

ALIXPARTNERS’ QUALIFICATIONS

3. 
AlixPartners is an internationally recognized restructuring and turnaround firm

with substantial experience in providing financial advisory services and has an excellent reputation

for its work in large and complex chapter 11 cases on behalf of debtors and creditors throughout

the United States.  In light of the size and complexity of these Chapter 11 Cases, the Debtors

require a qualified and experienced financial advisor with the resources, capabilities, and

experience of AlixPartners to assist them in taking steps that are crucial to the success of the

Chapter 11 Cases.  AlixPartners performs critical services that complement the services provided

by the Debtors’ other professionals.

4. 
AlixPartners has assisted, advised, and provided strategic advice to debtors,

creditors, bondholders, investors, and other entities in numerous chapter 11 cases of similar size

and complexity to these Chapter 11 Cases.  Its professionals have provided restructuring or crisis

management services in numerous large cases, including recent filings in this district.  See, e.g., In

re Danimer Scientific, Inc., No. 25-10518 (MFW) (Bankr. D. Del. May 5, 2025); In re Liberated

Brands LLC, No. 25-10168 (JKS) (Bankr. D. Del. Mar. 4, 2025); In re Big Lots, Inc., No. 24-

11967 (JKS) (Bankr. D. Del. Oct. 21, 2024); In re Silvergate Capital Corp., No. 24-12158 (KBO)

(Bankr. D. Del. Oct. 10, 2024); In re DermTech Inc., No. 24-11378 (JTD) (Bankr. D. Del. July 15,

2024); In re NanoString Techs., Inc., No. 24-10160 (CTG) (Bankr. D. Del. Mar. 13, 2024); In re

3    Certain of the disclosures herein relate to matters within the personal knowledge of other professionals at 
AlixPartners and are based on information provided by them.

2 
 
 
RLF1 33277598v.1

=== page 4 ===
Case 25-11195-JKS    Doc 145-4    Filed 07/14/25    Page 4 of 34

Cano Health, Inc., No. 24-10164 (KBO) (Bankr. D. Del. Mar. 5, 2024); In re Mallinckrodt plc,

No. 23-11258 (JTD) (Bankr. D. Del. Oct. 2, 2023); In re KDC Agribusiness LLC, No. 23-10786

(CTG) (Bankr. D. Del. Jul. 18, 2023); In re Clovis Oncology, Inc., No. 22-11292 (JKS) (Bankr. D.

Del. Jan. 20, 2023); In re FTX Trading Ltd., No. 22-11068 (JTD) (Bankr. D. Del. Jan. 20, 2023);

In re Phoenix Services Topco, LLC, No. 22-10906 (MFW) (Bankr. D. Del. Oct. 25, 2022);  In re

Kabbage Inc. d/b/a KServicing, No. 22-10951 (CTG) (Bankr. D. Del. Oct. 21, 20220; In re

Carestream Health, Inc., No. 22-10778 (JKS) (Bankr. D. Del. Oct. 7, 2022); In re MD Helicopters,

Inc., No. 22-10263 (KBO) (Bankr. D. Del. Apr. 25, 2022); In re Alto Maipo Delaware LLC, No.

21-11507 (KBO) (Bankr. D. Del. Dec. 16, 2021); In re Riverbed Tech., Inc., No. 21-11503 (CTG)

(Bankr. D. Del. Dec. 8, 2021); In re Alpha Latam Mgmt., LLC, No. 21-11109 (JKS) (Bankr. D.

Del. Sept. 15, 2021); In re Nine Point Energy, LLC, No. 21-10570 (MFW) (Bankr. D. Del. Apr.

20, 2021); In re HighPoint Res. Corp., No. 21-10565 (CSS) (Bankr. D. Del. Apr. 13, 2021); In re

Mallinckrodt plc, No. 20-12522 (JTD) (Bankr. D. Del. Nov. 19, 2020); In re RGN-Grp. Holdings,

LLC, No. 20-11961 (BLS) (Bankr. D. Del. Sept. 15, 2020); In re Skillsoft Corp., No. 20-11532

(MFW) (Bankr. D. Del. July 23, 2020).

5. 
If the Application is approved, the individuals working on this matter (the

“AlixPartners Personnel”), all with substantial expertise in the areas discussed above, will

continue to provide necessary services to the Debtors.  Such personnel will work closely with the

Debtors’ management and other professionals throughout the reorganization process.  By virtue of

the expertise of its restructuring personnel and the significant prepetition work that AlixPartners

performed for the Debtors, AlixPartners is well-qualified to provide services to and represent the

Debtors’ interests in these Chapter 11 Cases.

3 
 
 
RLF1 33277598v.1

=== page 5 ===
Case 25-11195-JKS    Doc 145-4    Filed 07/14/25    Page 5 of 34

SERVICES TO BE PROVIDED

6. 
Prior to the Petition Date, the Debtors and AlixPartners entered into the

Engagement Letter, which governs the relationship between them.  The terms and conditions of

the Engagement Letter were negotiated between the Debtors and AlixPartners and reflect the

parties’ mutual agreement as to the substantial efforts that will be required in this engagement.

Subject to further order of the Court, AlixPartners may provide the services described in the

Engagement Letter and as set forth in this Application, as AlixPartners and the Debtors shall deem

appropriate and feasible in order to advise the Debtors in the course of these Chapter 11 Cases,

including, but not limited to, the following:

• Assist with the preparation of the plan of reorganization and disclosure statement, 
including relevant supporting exhibits.

• Assist with treasury activities, including developing short-term cash flow forecasting, 
and monitoring overall liquidity including disbursements.

• Prepare documents such as the statements of financial affairs, schedules of assets and 
liabilities, potential preference analysis, claims analysis, monthly operating reports, and 
other reporting that may be required by the Court, or to support emergence.

• Negotiate and/or communicate with outside constituents, including the preparation of 
materials and maintenance of a data room to support diligence requests.

• Claims management and claims reconciliation.

• Provide testimony during these Chapter 11 Cases as required.

• Assist in the identification of executory contracts and unexpired leases and the 
performing of cost/benefit evaluations with respect to the assumption or rejection of each 
as necessary.

• Provide assistance with implementation and tracking of Court orders.

• Assist in developing accounting and operating procedures to segregate prepetition and 
postpetition business transactions, and to track payments of prepetition obligations 
against the various motions.

• Assist with plan distribution activities.

4 
 
 
RLF1 33277598v.1

=== page 6 ===
Case 25-11195-JKS    Doc 145-4    Filed 07/14/25    Page 6 of 34

• Support as needed the sales process and closing.

• Provide assistance with implementing vendor management programs to maintain vendor 
support.

• Provide assistance to management in connection with development of business plans, 
and such other related forecasts, as may be required.

• Assist management and its other professionals in sourcing, negotiating and implementing 
any financing, including DIP and exit financing facilities, in conjunction with a plan of 
reorganization and the overall restructuring.

• Assist in the evaluation and analysis of avoidance actions, including fraudulent 
conveyances and preferential transfers, to the extent necessary.

• Conduct eDiscovery, document review and forensic data services required in conjunction 
with any document requests or other discovery.

• Render such other restructuring and general business consulting or such other assistance 
for the Debtors or the Debtors’ subsidiaries and affiliates as the Debtors’ management or 
counsel may request, that are not duplicative of services provided by other professionals 
retained in these Chapter 11 Cases.

7. 
Such financial advisory services are necessary to the Debtors’ restructuring efforts

and in the ongoing operation and management of the Debtors’ businesses while subject to chapter

11 of the Bankruptcy Code.

NO DUPLICATION OF SERVICES

8. 
AlixPartners understands that the Debtors may retain additional professionals

during the term of its engagement and will work cooperatively with such professionals to integrate

any respective work conducted by the professionals on behalf of the Debtors.  The services

provided by AlixPartners will complement, and not duplicate, the services to be rendered by any

other professional retained in these Chapter 11 Cases.

FEE AND EXPENSE STRUCTURE

9. 
AlixPartners’ decision to accept this engagement to provide services to the Debtors

is conditioned upon its ability to be retained in accordance with its customary terms and conditions

5 
 
 
RLF1 33277598v.1

=== page 7 ===
Case 25-11195-JKS    Doc 145-4    Filed 07/14/25    Page 7 of 34

of employment, compensated for its services, and reimbursed for the out-of-pocket expenses it

incurs in accordance with its customary billing practices, as set forth in Schedule 1 of the

Engagement Letter (the “Fee and Expense Structure”).

10. 
AlixPartners’ current standard hourly rates, subject to periodic adjustments, are as

follows:

Title 
Hourly Rate 
Partner/ Partner & 
Managing Director 
$1,225 – $1,540

Senior Vice President/

$850 – $1,150

Director

$250 – $835

Vice President/ 
Consultant/ Analyst

11. 
AlixPartners generally reviews and revises its billing rates semi-annually.   Changes

in applicable hourly rates will be noted on the invoices for the first time period in which the revised

rates become effective.

12. 
To the extent the Debtors request services related to electronic discovery and data

collection, certain monthly hosting fees and consulting fees will apply.

13. 
To the extent AlixPartners uses the services of independent contractors (the

“Contractors”) in these Chapter 11 Cases, AlixPartners shall:  (a) pass through the cost of such

Contractors to the Debtors at the same rate that AlixPartners pays the Contractors; (b) seek

reimbursement for actual costs only; (c) ensure that the Contractors are subject to the same conflict

checks as required for AlixPartners; and (d) file with the Court such disclosures required by

Bankruptcy Rule 2014.

14. 
In addition to compensation for services rendered by the AlixPartners Personnel,

AlixPartners will seek reimbursement for reasonable and necessary expenses incurred in

6 
 
 
RLF1 33277598v.1

=== page 8 ===
Case 25-11195-JKS    Doc 145-4    Filed 07/14/25    Page 8 of 34

connection with these Chapter 11 Cases, including, but not limited to, transportation costs, lodging,

and meals.

15. 
AlixPartners intends to apply for compensation for professional services rendered

and reimbursement of expenses incurred in connection with these Chapter 11 Cases, subject to the

Court’s approval and in compliance with U.S. Trustee Guidelines for Reviewing Applications for

Compensation and Reimbursement of Expenses Filed Under 11 U.S.C. § 330 (Appendix A to 28

C.F.R. § 58), applicable provisions of the Bankruptcy Code, including sections 330 and 331 of the

Bankruptcy Code, the Bankruptcy Rules, the Local Rules, and any other further orders of the

Court, both in connection with this Application and the interim and final fee applications to be

filed by AlixPartners in these Chapter 11 Cases.

16. 
AlixPartners will maintain records in support of any fees (in 1/10th of an hour

increments), costs, and expenses incurred in connection with services rendered in these Chapter

11 Cases.  Records will be arranged by category and nature of the services rendered and will

include reasonably detailed descriptions of those services provided on behalf of the Debtors.

17. 
AlixPartners often works for compensation that includes hourly-based fees and

performance-based, contingent-incentive compensation earned upon achieving meaningful results.

AlixPartners does not currently request a success fee in connection with these Chapter 11 Cases.

18. 
AlixPartners received an initial retainer in the amount of $250,000 from the Debtors

(the “Retainer”).  According to AlixPartners’ books and records, during the 90-day period prior

to the Petition Date, the Debtors paid AlixPartners $858,375.00 in aggregate for professional

services performed and expenses incurred, including advanced payments and the Retainer.

19. 
AlixPartners is requesting that any balance of the Retainer constitute an evergreen

retainer as security for post-petition services and expenses.  An evergreen retainer is appropriate

7 
 
 
RLF1 33277598v.1

=== page 9 ===
Case 25-11195-JKS    Doc 145-4    Filed 07/14/25    Page 9 of 34

in these Chapter 11 Cases because it reflects normal business terms in the marketplace and because

AlixPartners and the Debtors are sophisticated business entities that have negotiated the Retainer

at arm’s length.

20. 
Due to the ordinary course and unavoidable reconciliation of fees and submission

of expenses immediately prior, and subsequent to, the Petition Date, AlixPartners may have

incurred fees and reimbursable expenses related to the prepetition period which remain unpaid.

Approval is sought from this Court for AlixPartners to apply the Retainer and advanced payments

to any such unpaid amounts.  Upon entry of an order approving the relief requested in the

Application, AlixPartners will apply the Retainer and advanced payments to any unpaid amounts,

and the Debtors will not owe AlixPartners any sums for prepetition services.

INDEMNIFICATION PROVISIONS

21. 
The Engagement Letter contains standard indemnification language with respect to

AlixPartners’ services including, without limitation, an agreement by the Debtors to indemnify

AlixPartners and its affiliates, partners, directors, officers, employees, and agents (each, an

“AlixPartners Party” and collectively, the “AlixPartners Parties”) from and against all claims,

liabilities, losses, expenses, and damages arising out of or in connection with the engagement of

AlixPartners that is the subject of the Engagement Letter, except to the extent caused by gross

negligence, bad faith, fraud, or willful misconduct of any AlixPartners Party.

22. 
AlixPartners believes that the indemnification provisions contained in the

Engagement Letter, as may be amended in the Proposed Order, are customary and reasonable for

AlixPartners and comparable firms providing financial advisory services, and as would be

modified pursuant to the foregoing limitations, reflect the qualifications and limitations on

indemnification provisions that are customary in this district.

8 
 
 
RLF1 33277598v.1

=== page 10 ===
Case 25-11195-JKS    Doc 145-4    Filed 07/14/25    Page 10 of 34

23. 
Moreover, the terms and conditions of the indemnification provisions were

negotiated by the Debtors and AlixPartners at arm’s length and in good faith.  The provisions

contained in the Engagement Letter, viewed in conjunction with the other terms of AlixPartners’

proposed retention, are reasonable and in the best interest of the Debtors, their estates, and all

parties in interest in light of the fact that the Debtors require AlixPartners’ services to ensure the

success of these Chapter 11 Cases.

ALIXPARTNERS’ DISINTERESTEDNESS

24. 
In connection with its proposed retention by the Debtors in these Chapter 11 Cases,

AlixPartners undertook a complex process, the details of which are set forth in Schedule 2, to

determine whether it had any conflicts or other relationships that might cause it not to be

disinterested or to hold or represent an interest adverse to the Debtors’ estates.  Specifically,

AlixPartners obtained from the Debtors and/or their representatives a potential parties in interest

list in these Chapter 11 Cases (each party a “Party in Interest”, and collectively the “Parties in

Interest List”).  The Parties in Interest List is attached hereto as Schedule 1.  A search was

performed for connections to each Party in Interest as to AlixPartners Holdings, LLP,

AlixPartners’ parent company (“Holdings”), and each of Holdings’ U.S. and non-U.S. subsidiaries

(“Holdings Enterprise”, collectively “AP”).  Results for connections to the Parties in Interest List

are disclosed on Schedule 2.

25. 
Based on that review, AlixPartners represents that, to the best of its knowledge,

AlixPartners knows of no fact or situation that would represent a conflict of interest, cause it not

to be disinterested, or hold or represent an interest adverse to the Debtors’ estates.

26. 
AlixPartners and its affiliates are advisors and crisis managers providing services

and advice in many areas, including restructuring and distressed debt.  As part of its diverse

9 
 
 
RLF1 33277598v.1

=== page 11 ===
Case 25-11195-JKS    Doc 145-4    Filed 07/14/25    Page 11 of 34

practice, AlixPartners appears in numerous cases, proceedings, and transactions involving many

different law firms, accountants, investment bankers, and financial consultants, some of whom

may represent claimants and parties in interest in these Chapter 11 Cases.  Further, AlixPartners

has in the past, and may in the future, be represented by various attorneys and law firms, some of

whom may be involved in these Chapter 11 Cases.  In addition, AlixPartners has been in the past,

and likely will be in the future, engaged in matters unrelated to the Debtors or these Chapter 11

Cases in which it works with or in opposition to other professionals involved in these Chapter 11

Cases.  Moreover, AlixPartners might have referred work to other professionals retained in these

Chapter 11 Cases.  Likewise, professionals retained in these Chapter 11 Cases might have referred

work to AlixPartners.  To the best of my knowledge, information, and belief, insofar as I have been

able to ascertain after reasonable inquiry, none of these business relationships constitute interests

adverse to the Debtors’ estates.

27. 
From time to time, AlixPartners has provided services, and likely will continue to

provide services, to certain creditors of the Debtors and various other parties adverse to the Debtors

in matters wholly unrelated to these Chapter 11 Cases.  As described herein, however, AlixPartners

has undertaken a detailed search to determine, and to disclose, whether it is providing or has

provided services to any significant creditor, equity security holder, insider, or other party in

interest in such unrelated matters.

28. 
To the best of my knowledge, information, and belief, insofar as I have been able

to ascertain after reasonable inquiry, none of the AlixPartners Personnel (a) have any connection

with the United States Trustee for the District of Delaware (the “U.S. Trustee”), or any employee

in the Office of the U.S. Trustee; or (b) are related or connected to any United States Bankruptcy

Judge for the District of Delaware, except as otherwise set forth Schedule 2.

10 
 
 
RLF1 33277598v.1

=== page 12 ===
Case 25-11195-JKS    Doc 145-4    Filed 07/14/25    Page 12 of 34

29. 
To the best of my knowledge, neither the AlixPartners Personnel nor AP is a direct

holder of any of the Debtors’ securities.  It is possible that certain of AlixPartners’ employees,

managing directors, board members, equity holders, or an affiliate of any of the foregoing, may

own interests in the Debtors, mutual funds or other investment vehicles (including various types

of private funds) that own the Debtors’ or other parties in interest’s debt or equity securities or

other financial instruments, including bank loans and other obligations.  Typically, the holders of

indirect interests have no control over investment decisions related to such investment funds or

financial instruments. Per the procedures set forth in Schedule 1, AlixPartners makes certain

inquiries regarding direct interests and, to the extent required, will file a supplemental declaration

reflecting additional details. AlixPartners’ policy prohibits its employees from personally trading

in the Debtors’ securities.

30. 
To the best of my knowledge, information and belief, insofar as I have been able to

ascertain after reasonable inquiry, AlixPartners has not been retained to assist any entity or person

other than the Debtors on matters relating to, or in direct connection with, these Chapter 11 Cases.

AlixPartners will continue to provide professional services to entities that may be creditors or

equity security holders of the Debtors or other parties in interest in these Chapter 11 Cases,

provided that such services do not relate to, or have any direct connection with, these Chapter 11

Cases.

31. 
Certain of AlixPartners’ employees, managing directors, board members, equity

holders, or an affiliate of any of the foregoing may have financial accounts or insurance

relationships with a potential party in interest.

32. 
Despite the efforts described above to identify and disclose the connections that AP

and its affiliates have with parties in interest in these Chapter 11 Cases, because the Debtors form

11 
 
 
RLF1 33277598v.1

=== page 13 ===
Case 25-11195-JKS    Doc 145-4    Filed 07/14/25    Page 13 of 34

a large enterprise with numerous creditors and other relationships, AlixPartners is unable to state

with certainty that every client relationship or other connection has been identified and disclosed.

33. 
In accordance with section 504 of the Bankruptcy Code and Bankruptcy Rule 2016,

neither I nor AlixPartners has entered into any agreements, express or implied, with any other party

in interest, including the Debtors, any creditor, or any attorney for such party in interest in these

Chapter 11 Cases, (a) for the purpose of sharing or fixing fees or other compensation to be paid to

any such party in interest or its attorneys for services rendered in connection therewith, (b) for

payment of such compensation from the assets of the estates in excess of the compensation allowed

by the Court pursuant to the applicable provisions of the Bankruptcy Code, or (c) for payment of

compensation in connection with these Chapter 11 Cases other than in accordance with the

applicable provisions of the Bankruptcy Code.

34. 
Accordingly, except as otherwise set forth herein, insofar as I have been able to

determine, neither I, AlixPartners, nor any of the AlixPartners Personnel hold or represent any

interest adverse to the Debtors or their estates, and AlixPartners is a “disinterested person” as that

term is defined in section 101(14) of the Bankruptcy Code, as modified by section 1107(b) of the

Bankruptcy Code, in that AlixPartners and the AlixPartners Personnel:

(a) 
are not creditors, equity security holders, or insiders of the Debtors;

(b) 
were not, within two years before the Petition Date, a director, 
officer or employee of the Debtors; and

(c) 
do not have an interest materially adverse to the interest of the 
Debtors’ estates or any class of creditors or equity security holders, by 
reason of any direct or indirect relationship to, connection with, or interest 
in, the Debtors, or for any other reason.

35. 
If AlixPartners discovers additional information that requires disclosure,

AlixPartners will promptly file a supplemental disclosure with the Court as required by Bankruptcy

Rule 2014. AlixPartners reserves the right to supplement this Declaration in the event that

12 
 
 
RLF1 33277598v.1

=== page 14 ===
Case 25-11195-JKS    Doc 145-4    Filed 07/14/25    Page 14 of 34

AlixPartners discovers any facts bearing on matters described in this Declaration regarding

AlixPartners’ employment by the Debtors.

Pursuant to 28 U.S.C. § 1746, I declare under penalty of perjury that the foregoing is true

and correct to the best of my knowledge and belief.

Dated: July 14, 2025

ALIXPARTNERS, LLP 
 
 
By: 
/s/ Randall Eisenberg  
 
 
 
 
 
Randall Eisenberg 
 
Partner & Managing Director

13 
 
 
RLF1 33277598v.1

=== page 15 ===
Case 25-11195-JKS    Doc 145-4    Filed 07/14/25    Page 15 of 34

SCHEDULE 1

Potential Parties in Interest

RLF1 33277598v.1

=== page 16 ===
Case 25-11195-JKS    Doc 145-4    Filed 07/14/25    Page 16 of 34

Agents 
 
Wilmington Trust, National Association 
 
Banks 
 
Bank of America 
 
Benefits 
 
ADP Inc 
Calm.Com Inc 
Cigna Group 
Concur Technologies, Inc. 
Delta Dental of California 
Delta Dental of Il 
Empower Trust Company, LLC

PJT Partners LP 
Richards, Layton & Finger, P.A.

Eyemed 
Guardian 
Lincoln National Life Ins Co 
Metlife 
Schwab Retirement Plan Services 
Telus Health (Us) Ltd 
United Healthcare Services Inc 
 
Bankruptcy Professionals 
 
AlixPartners 
Latham & Watkins LLP 
Omni Agent Solutions, Inc.

Delaware Court Personnel 
 
Al Lugano 
Amanda Hrycak 
Annamarie Martino 
Cacia Batts 
Chief Judge Karen B. Owens 
Claire Brady 
Danielle Gadson 
Demitra Yeager 
Jill Walker 
Judge Brendan L. Shannon 
Judge Craig T. Goldblatt 
Judge J. Kate Stickles 
Judge John T. Dorsey 
Judge Laurie Selber Silverstein

Judge Mary F. Walrath 
Judge Thomas M. Horan 
Laura Haney 
Laurie Capp 
Lora Johnson 
Marquietta Lopez 
Nickita Barksdale 
Nikki Washington 
Paula Subda 
Rachel Bello 
Stephen Grant 
Todd Kirk 
Una O'boyle 
Xavier Hurt 
 
Delaware UST’s office 
 
Benjamin Hackman 
Christine Green

Dion Wynn 
Edith A. Serrano

=== page 17 ===
Case 25-11195-JKS    Doc 145-4    Filed 07/14/25    Page 17 of 34

Lauren Attix 
Linda Casey 
Linda Richenderfer 
Malcolm M. Bates 
Michael Girello 
Nyanquoi Jones 
Richard Schepacarter 
Shakima L. Dortch 
Timothy J. Fox, Jr.

Elizabeth Thomas 
Hannah M. McCollum 
Hawa Konde 
Holly Dice 
James R. O'Malley 
Jane Leamy 
Jonathan Lipshie 
Jonathan Nyaku 
Joseph Cudia 
Joseph McMahon

Debtors 
 
Camaro Acquisition LLC 
CareerBuilder France Holding, LLC 
CareerBuilder Government Solutions, LLC 
CareerBuilder, LLC 
Fastweb, LLC

Camaro Holdings, LLC 
Ontario Teacher's Pension Plan 
Randstad N.V.

Luceo Solutions, LLC 
Military Advantage LLC 
Monster Government Solutions LLC 
Monster Worldwide LLC 
Zen, JV, LLC 
 
Direct and Indirect Equity Holders 
 
2584172 Ontario Inc. 
AP Special Sits Camaro Holdings, LLC 
Apollo Global Management, Inc. 
Apollo Special Situations Fund, L.P.

Mark Pacioni 
Maxwell David 
Michael Suhajda 
Rebecca Henderson 
Sam Gallagher 
Sheri Davis 
Stef Leijdekkers

Directors and Officers 
 
Ahern Dull 
Anna Phillips 
Daniel Silvers 
Fiona van Lede 
Gregory Binder 
Jarnail Badwal 
Jeff Furman 
Kenneth Shea

Insurers 
 
ACE American Insurance Company 
Allianz Global Risks US Insurance Co. 
Allied World National Assurance Company 
American International Companies (AIG) 
Aon UK Limited 
Arch Insurance Company 
AXIS Insurance Company

Berkley Insurance Company 
Berkley Professional Liability 
Chubb National Ins Co 
Federal Insurance Company 
Hartford Insurance Group 
Hiscox Insurance Company Inc. 
Illinois National Insurance Co

=== page 18 ===
Case 25-11195-JKS    Doc 145-4    Filed 07/14/25    Page 18 of 34

Lexington Insurance Company 
Liberty International Underwriters 
Liberty Surplus Insurance Corporation 
Lloyd's Syndicate No. 3000 
National Union Fire Ins Co of Pittsburgh

Risk Specialists Companies Ins Agcy,Inc. 
Twin City Fire Insurance Company 
XL Professional 
XL Specialty Insurance Co 
Zurich American Ins Co 
 
Litigation 
 
Jobget, Inc. 
S Risius Ross, Llc

The New York City Commission on Human 
Rights 
 
LOC Beneficiary 
 
Dell Financial Services LLC 
 
LOC Guarantor 
 
Bank of America 
 
Non-Debtors 
 
CareerBuilder Brasil Atividades de Internete 
e Participacoes LTDA. 
CareerBuilder Canada Co 
CareerBuilder com India Private Limited 
CareerBuilder Information Technology 
(Shanghai) Co., Ltd 
CareerBuilder International Holdings B.V. 
CareerBuilder ProfilSoft Dutch Holdings 
B.V. 
CareerBuilder Romania S.R.L. 
CareerBuilder UK Holdings Limited 
CB Solutions Pty Ltd 
Monster Belgium nv 
Monster Luxembourg SA 
Monster Technologies Malaysia Sdn. Bhd

Monster Worldwide Austria GmbH 
Monster Worldwide Canada Operations Inc. 
Monster Worldwide CZ s.r.o. 
Monster Worldwide Germany GmbH 
Monster Worldwide International Holding 
bv 
Monster Worldwide Ireland Ltd 
Monster Worldwide Italia Srl 
Monster Worldwide Limited 
Monster Worldwide Netherlands bv 
Monster Worldwide S.L. 
Monster Worldwide SAS 
Monster Worldwide Sweden AB 
Monster Worldwide Switzerland AG 
Monster.com Asia Pacific Ltd. 
 
Other Parties 
 
Blue Torch Capital 
HIG Capital LLC 
JMB Capital Partners Lending, LLC 
Norton Rose Fulbright US LLP

Paul Hastings 
Valnet 
Valsoft 
Young Conaway Stargatt & Taylor, LLP 
 
RE Lease

=== page 19 ===
Case 25-11195-JKS    Doc 145-4    Filed 07/14/25    Page 19 of 34

622 Building Company LLC (Cohen Bros) 
Equinix, INC 
Iron Mountain Data Centers LLC

Onni 200 LaSalle Limited Partnership 
TMG 8280 Greensboro LLC 
VEF V Atlanta office Two, LLC 
 
Seller Note 
 
Randstad MWW Inc. 
 
Tax Authorities 
 
Alabama Department of Revenue 
Alaska Department of Revenue 
Arizona Department of Revenue 
California Franchise Tax Board 
City of Philadelphia Department of Finance 
Colorado Department of Revenue 
Connecticut Department of Revenue 
Delaware Division of Revenue 
Department of the Treasury Internal 
Revenue Service Center 
District of Columbia Department of 
Revenue 
Florida Department of Revenue 
Georgia Department of Revenue 
Hawaii Department of Revenue 
Idaho Department of Revenue 
Illinois Department of Revenue 
Indiana Department of Revenue 
Iowa Department of Revenue 
Kansas Department of Revenue 
Kentucky Department of Revenue 
Louisiana Department of Revenue

Nassau 
OFS 
Par Four / Benefit Street 
Saratoga Partners 
Zais Group

Maryland Department of Revenue 
Massachusetts Department of Revenue 
Minnesota Department of Revenue 
Mississippi Department of Revenue 
Missouri Department of Revenue 
Nebraska Department of Revenue 
New Hampshire Department of Revenue 
New Jersey Department of Revenue 
New York City Department of Finance 
New York Department of Revenue 
North Carolina Department of Revenue 
Oklahoma Department of Revenue 
Oregon Department of Revenue 
Pennsylvania Department of Revenue 
Philadelphia Department of 
Revenue 
South Carolina Department of Revenue 
Tennessee Department of Revenue 
Texas Department of Revenue 
Utah Department of Revenue 
Virginia Department of Revenue 
Wisconsin Department of Revenue 
 
Term Loan Lenders 
 
Arbour Lane 
ArrowMark 
Canaras 
Cerberus 
Constitution Capital 
Crescent Capital 
Ellington 
Fortinbras Enterprise 
FourSixThree 
InvestCorp 
Morgan Stanley

=== page 20 ===
Case 25-11195-JKS    Doc 145-4    Filed 07/14/25    Page 20 of 34

Top Unsecured Creditors
 
Acoustic LP 
Adworks Ltd 
Ahead Inc 
Aimwel B.V. 
Akin Gump Strauss Hauer & Feld 
Amplitude Inc 
Appcast Inc 
Appian Corporation 
Brazen Technologies Inc 
Camelot Communications Ltd 
Daymark Solutions Inc 
Equinix Inc 
Everlong Media LLC 
Getty Images Inc 
Google LLC 
Ikokas Technologies Private Ltd 
Iron Mountain Inc 
Jobcase Inc 
Jobget Inc 
Jobverse Inc.

Verinext Capital, LLC 
Wells Fargo Financial Leasing, Inc.  
Wilmington Trust, National Association, As 
Collateral Agent

Joveo Inc 
Microsoft Online Inc 
Morgan Lewis & Bockius LLP 
Nexxt Inc 
Okta Inc 
Oracle America Inc 
Pwc Us Tax LLP 
Quality Technology Services 
Rackspace Us Inc 
Recruitics Inc 
Salesforce.Com Inc 
Secureit Consulting Group Inc 
Skadden, Arps, Slate, Meagher & Flom 
Talroo Inc 
Tanzilli Sociedade De Advogado 
Textkernel BV 
Vedder Price PC 
Velaro Inc 
Verinext Corp 
Winston & Strawn LLP 
 
UCC Lien Search 
 
Dell Financial Services L,L,C. 
Greatamerica Financial Services 
Corporation 
Randstad MWW Solutions Inc., As 
Collateral Agent

=== page 21 ===
Case 25-11195-JKS    Doc 145-4    Filed 07/14/25    Page 21 of 34

SCHEDULE 2

AlixPartners’ Disinterestedness

RLF1 33277598v.1

=== page 22 ===
Case 25-11195-JKS    Doc 145-4    Filed 07/14/25    Page 22 of 34

• In connection with the proposed employment and retention of AlixPartners, LLP 
(“AlixPartners”) by the Debtors in these Chapter 11 Cases, AlixPartners undertook a 
complex process, the details of which are set forth below, to determine whether it had 
any conflicts or other relationships that might cause it not to be disinterested or to hold 
or represent an interest adverse to the Debtors’ estates.

AlixPartners Holdings, LLP, AlixPartners’ parent company (“Holdings”), directly or 
indirectly owns Holdings’ U.S. and non-U.S. subsidiaries (collectively, the “Holdings 
Enterprise”). The equity capital of Holdings is owned by the following investors:

(i) 
Lakeview Capital Holdings, Inc., the Jay Alix Living Trust and other 
trusts established by Jay Alix (collectively the “Lakeview Parties”);  
(ii) 
Caisse de dépôt et placement du Québec (“CDPQ”);  
(iii) 
Investcorp Holdings B.S.C. (“IVC”);  
(iv) 
Public Sector Pension Investment Board (“PSP”); and 
(v) 
Current Partners and Managing Directors and certain former Managing 
Directors of AP (as defined below) and their individual and family trusts, 
as well as certain other individuals, including current members of the 
Boards (as hereinafter defined) and employees of the Lakeview Parties, 
and their individual and family trusts. 
  
(Collectively, (i) – (v) above are hereinafter referred to as the “Investors”, and the subset 
(ii) – (iv) above are hereinafter referred to as the “Institutional Investors”).   
 
Holdings and AlixPartners, each have a board of directors (together, the “Boards”). No 
individual or entity controls either of the Boards.  Designees of each of the Investors (i) – 
(iv) above serve as members of the Boards. The Holdings Enterprise does not invest in 
distressed assets of any class, nor does it have any investment affiliates.  
 
CDPQ is one of Canada’s largest institutional investment managers.  It manages 
investments on behalf of most of Quebec Canada’s public and parapublic pension and 
insurance funds. CDPQ invests globally in numerous industries. 
 
IVC is a leading global provider and manager of alternative investment products. 
 
PSP is one of Canada’s largest pension investment managers. It invests funds for the 
pension plans of the Public Service, the Canadian Armed Forces, the Royal Canadian 
Mounted Police and the Reserve Force. PSP manages a diversified global portfolio in 
numerous industries throughout the world. 
The Lakeview Parties and related entities are entities owned or controlled by Jay Alix that, 
among other things, make investments on behalf of Mr. Alix and his family. 
In addition to their investments in Holdings, the Institutional Investors have substantial 
investments unrelated to AlixPartners.

2 
 
 
RLF1 33277598v.1

=== page 23 ===
Case 25-11195-JKS    Doc 145-4    Filed 07/14/25    Page 23 of 34

The Boards are not involved in the delivery of client services and their members do not 
have access to client files, except for a minority of members of the Boards that are 
AlixPartners employees. As a precautionary matter, AlixPartners maintains information 
barriers and guidelines designed to prevent certain confidential client information, 
including the names of clients likely to be involved in a not-yet-filed case under the 
Bankruptcy Code, from being shared with the Investors or their designees on the Boards.  
 
To that end, no material nonpublic information about the Debtors (including, before the 
filing of these Chapter 11 Cases, the fact that AlixPartners was about to undertake an 
assignment involving the Debtors) has been or will be furnished by AlixPartners to the 
Investors or their Board designees, and AlixPartners will continue to abide by its 
confidentiality obligations to the Debtors. Each Investor is independent of each other 
Investor and is governed by its own board of directors or similar body and managed by its 
own management team.  AlixPartners operates independently and does not share 
employees, officers or other management with any of the Investors. AlixPartners and each 
of the Investors have separate offices in separate buildings, use separate internet email 
addresses, and do not otherwise share IT systems.   
 
AlixPartners formed and currently holds a majority and controlling ownership interest in 
GSS UK Holdings Limited (“GSS”).  GSS and its subsidiaries developed a regulatory 
technology platform to provide global, centralized sanctions screening services to financial 
institutions. Various Investors, including certain AlixPartners Partners and Managing 
Directors and Board members, hold minority ownership interests in GSS.  AlixPartners 
currently has a majority of the seats on the board of directors of GSS.  GSS does not share 
office space or IT systems with AlixPartners, but does share certain employees and services 
such as finance systems. The names of GSS’s investors and customers (but not its vendors 
and employees) are loaded into the database where AlixPartners’ connections are stored 
and are disclosed as part of the disclosure process described herein.

AlixPartners has one database where connections are stored for all entities in the Holdings 
Enterprise. The process for the preparation of disclosures is as follows: upon receipt of a 
potential parties in interest list from the Debtors and/or their representatives (the “Parties 
in Interest List”), all such parties are input to the database by team members familiar with 
the database.  A report of the “hits” is generated, and the team members review those “hits” 
for connections. Where there is a connection, a disclosure is drafted. After the team 
completes draft disclosures, the disclosures are reviewed by an in-house bankruptcy 
attorney. The attorney coordinates with the team to finalize the disclosures, which are then 
reviewed by the engagement’s Partner and Managing Director. These initial disclosures 
(the “Initial Disclosures”) are thereafter filed with the Bankruptcy Court as part of the 
retention pleadings.   
 
Promptly thereafter, a bankruptcy paralegal in the firm uses the Initial Disclosures and the 
Parties in Interest List to draft a firmwide email for each bankruptcy filing, including the 
Debtors’ cases. This email is sent to every firm employee as well as the members of the 
Boards and the Lakeview Parties.  The firmwide email requests each recipient to review

3 
 
 
RLF1 33277598v.1

=== page 24 ===
Case 25-11195-JKS    Doc 145-4    Filed 07/14/25    Page 24 of 34

the attached file that includes the parties in interest and corresponding disclosures, 
and  asks that every recipient: (a) contact the legal department in the event that they have 
a connection or relationship with an interested party that is not included in our disclosures; 
(b) if they have a connection or relationship with an interested party that is included in our 
disclosures, confirm that it is accurately described; and (c) contact the legal department if 
they own securities of the Debtors. Members of the legal team review all email responses 
and draft any supplemental disclosures appropriate to reflect information received in 
response to the firmwide email. After the review process described in the immediately 
preceding paragraph, supplemental disclosures are thereafter filed with the Bankruptcy 
Court. 
 
After the Initial Disclosures are filed with the Bankruptcy Court, AlixPartners also provides 
the names of the Debtors, their owners/investors, lenders and, on a case-by-case basis, other 
named entities (collectively, the “Investor Search Parties”), to the Institutional Investors, 
and requests that each Institutional Investor run a check of the Investor Search Parties 
across all investment portfolios including, upon reasonable investigation, (i) private and 
public funds, (ii) loan positions, and (iii) known positions across CLO holdings (all of the 
foregoing subject to the exceptions listed below, the “Investor Connections Check”).  The 
exceptions to the Investor Connections Check are (i) investments over which the 
Institutional Investors do not possess actual investment authority and discretion (“direct 
control”), (ii) index replication position, (iii) investments owned in separate accounts 
managed by independent parties not affiliated with the Institutional Investors, and (iv) 
pooled investment vehicles in which the Institutional Investors do not exercise actual 
control or in which the Institutional Investors do not have visibility sufficient to ascertain 
such vehicle’s investments. Members of the legal team review all responses received from 
the Institutional Investors and draft disclosures appropriate to reflect information received 
from the Institutional Investors that, following review, are filed with the Bankruptcy Court.  
 
Upon receipt of the responses from the Institutional Investors to the Investor Connections 
Check, AlixPartners will file any supplemental disclosures which may be required. 
 
To the extent AlixPartners learns of connections that are not included herein, AlixPartners 
will promptly file a supplemental disclosure.   
 
Further, AlixPartners may have had, currently have or may in the future have business 
relationships with, among other entities, portfolio companies of the Institutional Investors 
and portfolio companies of private equity funds in which they are limited partners, in 
matters unrelated to the Debtors or their affiliates in these Chapter 11 Cases.  Based on, 
among other things, the business separation between each of the Investors and 
AlixPartners, the contractual client confidentiality obligations of AlixPartners and the 
information barriers referred to above, AlixPartners believes that it does not hold or 
represent an interest adverse to the estate with respect to any such engagement. 
 
Other than as specifically noted herein, AlixPartners has not undertaken to determine the 
existence, nature, and/or full scope of any business relationships or connections that the

4 
 
 
RLF1 33277598v.1

=== page 25 ===
Case 25-11195-JKS    Doc 145-4    Filed 07/14/25    Page 25 of 34

Investors may have with the Investor Search Parties, the Debtors and their affiliates, and 
other parties in interest in these Chapter 11 Cases. 
 
Specifically, AlixPartners obtained from the Debtors and/or their representatives the 
Parties in Interest List, which is attached hereto as Schedule 1 and conducted a search for 
connections in accordance with the procedures set forth above.  
 
AlixPartners represents that, to the best of its knowledge, it knows of no fact or situation 
that would represent a conflict of interest, cause it not to be disinterested or hold or 
represent an interest adverse to the Debtors’ estates, and furthermore wishes to the disclose 
the following with respect to the Holdings Enterprise (collectively, “AP”, unless otherwise 
noted):   
• AP interacts with U.S. Bankruptcy Court judges and representatives of the U.S. Trustee 
Program regularly in its capacity as a professional consulting firm that offers turnaround 
and restructuring services. 
 
• AP has issued debt in the form of a USD-denominated senior secured term loan, and a 
Euro-denominated senior secured term loan (collectively, the “Term Loans”), as well as 
revolving credit facility (the “Revolving Credit Facility”).  
 
Bank of America, N.A. serves as the Administrative Agent for the Term Loans and the 
Revolving Credit Facility and as such manages all trading of the Term Loans and 
Revolving Credit Facility between investors.  Many of the holders of the Term Loans are 
pools organized by banks, mutual fund management companies and other fund managers 
(collectively, “Fund Managers”) who pool debt instruments issued by multiple / different 
borrowers and offer interests in the pools to investors.  The identities of the investors in the 
pools cannot be ascertained by AP.  The Term Loans are actively traded.  Thus, the list of 
Fund Managers and other investors directly holding the Term Loans can become outdated 
quickly.  On a monthly basis, AP reviews the list of investors in the Term Loans for the 
purpose of making relationship disclosures in chapter 11 cases.  As of the last monthly 
report, no Fund Manager or other investor in the Term Loans held greater than 10% of the 
combined US-denominated and Euro-denominated Term Loans.  In the event that any 
entity accumulates a 10% or greater interest in the combined US-denominated and Euro-
denominated Term Loans, AP will disclose the name of such entity.

The participants in the Revolving Credit Facility are Bank of America, N.A., Credit Suisse, 
Deutsche Bank AG Host Bank, Goldman Sachs Lending Partners LLC, HSBC Bank USA, 
NA, and JPMorgan Chase Bank N.A. 
 
• The Internal Revenue Service (“IRS”) is a former AP client in matters unrelated to the 
Debtors.  The IRS is a lienholder and adverse litigation party to current and former AP 
clients in matters unrelated to the Debtors.

• 
The United States Department of Justice (“DOJ”), including the United States Attorney 
General’s Office, is a current and former client of AP in matters unrelated to the

5 
 
 
RLF1 33277598v.1

=== page 26 ===
Case 25-11195-JKS    Doc 145-4    Filed 07/14/25    Page 26 of 34

Debtors.  The DOJ is a litigation party, adverse litigation party, lessor and professional to 
current and former AP clients in matters unrelated to the Debtors.

• AP follows a practice to solicit from the members of its Boards their connections to the 
parties in interest independent of AP.  In response, one or more of the members of its 
Boards have offered the following disclosures:

o ACE American Insurance Company, Federal Insurance Company and Chubb

National Ins Co., insurance providers to the Debtors, are vendors to an AP investor 
or one of its affiliates.  AP has a group insurance program in place for all US 
managing directors and AP board members under which personal excess liability 
(umbrella) insurance may be purchased from Chubb at group rates.

o Allianz Global Risks US Insurance Co., and affiliated entities, are insurance

providers to the Debtors. An AP investor or one of its affiliates has an investment 
in an affiliated entity, Pimco Bravo Fund Onshore Feeder II LP.

o Bank of America, a banking provider and LOC guarantor to the Debtors, is a lender

to an AP investor or one of its affiliates.

o HIG Capital LLC, and affiliated entities, are parties to the Debtors. H.I.G.

WhiteHorse SSG CC SMA LLC and WhiteHorse Finance Credit I, LLC were 
lenders to an AP investor or one of its affiliates. A member of AP’s board of 
directors was also a board member of Whitehorse Liquidity Partners II LP.

o InvestCorp is a term loan lender to the Debtors. An AP investor or one of its

affiliates has an investment in Investcorp Keras Coinvest III, L.P. (Resultant) and 
Investcorp North American Private Equity Fund I, L.P. An AP board member is 
Investcorp’s Head of Private Equity for North America.  Another AP board member 
is a managing director at Investcorp.

o PWC US Tax LLP is an unsecured creditor to the Debtors. An AP Board member

and an employee of one of his affiliates are former employees of PwC.

o United Healthcare Services Inc. is a benefit provider to the Debtors. A member of

AP’s board of directors is a member of the board of directors of UnitedHealth 
Group, Inc.  Additionally, another member of AP’s board of directors is an officer 
of Optum (a UnitedHealth Group company) and a former employee of United 
Healthcare.

• ACE American Insurance Company, Federal Insurance Company and Chubb National Ins 
Co., insurance providers to the Debtors, and affiliated entities (“Chubb”), are affiliates, 
bondholders, litigation parties, adverse litigation parties, lenders, lessors, lienholders and 
non-adverse litigation parties to current and former AP clients in matters unrelated to the 
Debtors.  Chubb is a current and former AP client in matters unrelated to the Debtors.  AP 
has a group insurance program in place for all US managing directors and AP board

6 
 
 
RLF1 33277598v.1

=== page 27 ===
Case 25-11195-JKS    Doc 145-4    Filed 07/14/25    Page 27 of 34

members under which personal excess liability (umbrella) insurance may be purchased 
from Chubb at group rates. Chubb is an insurance provider to AP.

• ADP Inc., a benefit provider to the Debtors, and affiliated entities (“ADP”), are adverse 
litigation parties, lessors, director-affiliated companies and professionals to current and 
former AP clients in matters unrelated to the Debtors.  ADP is a former AP client in matters 
unrelated to the Debtors.  ADP is a former employer of a current AP employee.  ADP is an 
employee benefits provider to AP.

• Ahead Inc., an unsecured creditor to the Debtors, is a vendor to AP.

• Akin Gump Strauss Hauer & Feld (“Akin Gump”), an unsecured creditor, is a 
professional, opposing counsel and counsel to current and former AP clients in matters 
unrelated to the Debtors.  Akin Gump is a current and former AP client in matters unrelated 
to the Debtors.  Akin Gump is a legal service provider to AP.

• Allianz Global Risks US Insurance Co., an insurance provider to the Debtors, and affiliated 
entities (“Allianz”), are affiliates, associated companies, bondholders, litigation parties, 
adverse litigation parties, non-adverse litigation parties, lenders, lienholders, parent 
companies and shareholders to current and former AP clients in matters unrelated to the 
Debtors.  Allianz is a current and former AP client in matters unrelated to the Debtors.  
Allianz is a former employer of current AP employees.  Allianz is an insurance provider to 
AP.

• Allied World National Assurance Company, an insurance provider to the Debtors, and 
affiliated entities (“Allied World”), are non-adverse litigation parties, adverse litigation 
parties, lenders and litigation parties to current and former AP clients in matters unrelated 
to the Debtors.  Allied World is a current AP client in matters unrelated to the Debtors. 
Allied World is an insurance provider to AP.

• American International Companies (AIG), Illinois National Insurance Co, Lexington 
Insurance Company, National Union Fire Ins Co of Pittsburgh and Risk Specialists 
Companies Ins Agcy, Inc., insurance providers to the Debtors, and affiliated entities 
(“AIG”), are bondholders, adverse litigation parties, non-adverse litigation parties, 
investors, shareholders and lessors to current and former AP clients in matters unrelated to 
the Debtors.  AIG is a current and former AP client in matters unrelated to the Debtors.  
AIG is a former employer of current AP employees.

• Aon UK Limited, an insurance provider to the Debtors, and affiliated entities (“Aon”), are 
lenders, adverse litigation parties, professionals, bondholders, non-adverse litigation 
parties, parent companies and lienholders to current and former AP clients in matters 
unrelated to the Debtors. Aon is a current and former AP client in matters unrelated to the 
Debtors. Aon is a former employer of current AP employees. Aon is a vendor to AP.

• Apollo Global Management, Inc. and Apollo Special Situations Fund, L.P., direct and 
indirect equity holders to the Debtors, and affiliated entities (“Apollo”), are bondholders,

7 
 
 
RLF1 33277598v.1

=== page 28 ===
Case 25-11195-JKS    Doc 145-4    Filed 07/14/25    Page 28 of 34

adverse litigation parties, investors, lenders, lessors, lienholders, parent companies, 
director-affiliated companies, non-adverse litigation parties, related parties and 
shareholders to current and former AP clients in matters unrelated to the Debtors.  Apollo 
is a current and former AP client in matters unrelated to the Debtors.

• Arbour Lane, a term loan lender to the Debtors, is a bondholder, parent company, lender 
and lienholder to current and former AP clients in matters unrelated to the Debtors. Arbour 
Lane is a former AP client in matters unrelated to the Debtors.

• Arch Insurance Company, an insurance provider to the Debtors, and affiliated entities 
(“Arch”), are bondholders, adverse litigation parties, professionals, lenders, and non-
adverse litigation parties to current and former AP clients in matters unrelated to the 
Debtors.  Arch is a current AP client in matters unrelated to the Debtors. Arch is an 
insurance provider to AP.

• ArrowMark, a term loan lender to the Debtors, is a lender and lienholder to current and 
former AP clients in matters unrelated to the Debtors. ArrowMark is a former AP client in 
matters unrelated to the Debtors.

• AXIS Insurance Company, an insurance provider to the Debtors, is an adverse litigation 
party to a former AP client in matters unrelated to the Debtors. AXIS Insurance Company 
is a former AP client in matters unrelated to the Debtors.

• Bank of America, a banking provider and LOC guarantor to the Debtors, and affiliated 
entities (“Bank of America”), are bondholders, non-adverse litigation parties, litigation 
parties, adverse litigation parties, investors, lenders, lessors, lienholders, shareholders, 
director-affiliated companies and professionals to current and former AP clients in matters 
unrelated to the Debtors.  Bank of America is a current and former AP client in matters 
unrelated to the Debtors.  Bank of America is a former employer of current AP employees.  
Bank of America is a vendor to AP.

• Berkley Insurance Company and Berkley Professional Liability, insurance providers to the 
Debtors, and affiliated entities (“Berkley”), are bondholders, investors and adverse 
litigation parties to current and former AP clients in matters unrelated to the Debtors. 
Berkley is an insurance provider to AP.

• Blue Torch Capital, a party to the Debtors, and affiliated entities (“Blue Torch”), are 
bondholders, lenders and professionals to current and former AP clients in matters 
unrelated to the Debtors.  Blue Torch is a former AP client in matters unrelated to the 
Debtors.

• Canaras, a term loan lender to the Debtors, is a bondholder, lender and lienholder to current 
and former AP clients in matters unrelated to the Debtors.

• CareerBuilder, LLC, a debtor in these Chapter 11 Cases, is a former AP client in matters 
unrelated to these Chapter 11 Cases.

8 
 
 
RLF1 33277598v.1

=== page 29 ===
Case 25-11195-JKS    Doc 145-4    Filed 07/14/25    Page 29 of 34

• Cerberus, a term loan lender to the Debtors, and affiliated entities (“Cerberus”), are 
lenders, litigation parties and parent companies to current and former AP clients in matters 
unrelated to the Debtors. Cerberus is a current and former AP client in matters unrelated to 
the Debtors.

• Cigna Group, a benefit provider to the Debtors, and affiliated entities (“Cigna”), are 
director-affiliated companies, adverse litigation parties, bondholders, lenders and 
professionals to current and former AP clients in matters unrelated to the Debtors. Cigna 
is a former AP client in matters unrelated to the Debtors. Cigna is a vendor to AP.

• Concur Technologies, Inc., a benefit provider to the Debtors, and affiliated entities 
(“Concur”), are professionals and lienholders to current and former AP clients in matters 
unrelated to the Debtors.  Concur is a former employer of current AP employees.  Concur 
is a vendor to AP.

• Constitution Capital, a term loan lender to the Debtors, is a parent company to a former AP 
client in matters unrelated to the Debtors. Constitution Capital is a current and former AP 
client in matters unrelated to the Debtors. Constitution Capital is a former employer of a 
current AP employee.

• Crescent Capital, a term loan lender to the Debtors, and affiliated entities, are bondholders, 
adverse litigation parties, lenders and lienholders to current and former AP clients in 
matters unrelated to the Debtors.

• Dell Financial Services LLC, a UCC lien party and LOC beneficiary to the Debtors, and 
affiliated entities (“Dell”), are lienholders, shareholders and lenders to current and former 
AP clients in matters unrelated to the Debtors.  Dell is a current and former AP client in 
matters unrelated to the Debtors.  Dell is a former employer of current AP employees.  Dell 
is a vendor to AP.

• Delta Dental of California and Delta Dental of IL, benefit providers to the Debtors, and 
affiliated entities, are employee benefit providers to AP.

• Ellington, a term loan lender to the Debtors, and affiliated entities, are lenders and 
professionals to current and former AP clients in matters unrelated to the Debtors.

• Empower Trust Company, LLC, a benefits provider to the Debtors, and affiliated entities, 
are lenders to a former AP client in matters unrelated to the Debtors.

• Equinix, Inc., an unsecured creditor and RE lease to the Debtors, is a lessor to a former AP 
client in matters unrelated to the Debtors. Equinix, Inc. was a member of the official 
committee of unsecured creditors that retained AP in Fusion Litigation Trust, a former 
bankruptcy matter unrelated to the Debtors. Equinix, Inc. is a current and former AP client 
in matters unrelated to the Debtors. Equinix, Inc. is a vendor to AP.

9 
 
 
RLF1 33277598v.1

=== page 30 ===
Case 25-11195-JKS    Doc 145-4    Filed 07/14/25    Page 30 of 34

• Fortinbras Enterprises, a term loan lender to the Debtors, is a current AP client in matters 
unrelated to the Debtors.

• FourSixThree, a term loan lender to the Debtors, is a lender to current and former AP clients 
in matters unrelated to the Debtors.

• Google LLC, an unsecured creditor to the Debtors, and affiliated entities (“Google”), are 
lessors and adverse litigation parties to current and former AP clients in matters unrelated 
to the Debtors. Google is a current and former AP client in matters unrelated to the Debtors. 
Google is a former employer of current AP employees.

• Guardian, a benefit provider to the Debtors, is a lender, adverse litigation party, lessor and 
bondholder to current and former AP clients in matters unrelated to the Debtors.

• Hartford Insurance Group and Twin City Fire Insurance Company, insurance providers to 
the Debtors, and affiliated entities (“Hartford”), are non-adverse litigation parties, adverse 
litigation parties, lenders, litigation parties, bondholders and shareholders to current and 
former AP clients in matters unrelated to the Debtors.  Hartford is a current and former AP 
client in matters unrelated to the Debtors.  Hartford is an insurance provider to AP.

• HIG Capital LLC, a party to the Debtors, and affiliated entities (“HIG”), are investors, 
lenders, professionals, associated companies, litigation parties, parent companies and 
shareholders to current and former AP clients in matters unrelated to the Debtors.  HIG is 
a current and former AP client in matters unrelated to the Debtors.

• Hiscox Insurance Company Inc., an insurance provider to the Debtors, and affiliated 
entities (“Hiscox”), are adverse litigation parties to current and former AP clients in matters 
unrelated to the Debtors.  Hiscox is a current and former AP client in matters unrelated to 
the Debtors.  Hiscox is an insurance provider to AP.

• InvestCorp, a term loan lender to the Debtors, and affiliated entities (“Investcorp”), are 
lenders, lienholders and parent companies to current and former AP clients in matters 
unrelated to the Debtors. Investcorp is a current and former AP client in matters unrelated 
to the Debtors. InvestCorp is an affiliate of a minority investor of AP.

• Iron Mountain Data Centers LLC and Iron Mountain Inc., unsecured creditors and RE 
leases to the Debtors, and affiliated entities (“Iron Mountain”), are bondholders, lessors, 
professionals and affiliates to current and former AP clients in matters unrelated to the 
Debtors.  Iron Mountain is a vendor to AP.

• Latham & Watkins LLP, a professional to the Debtors, is a litigation party, professional, 
opposing counsel, and counsel to current and former AP clients in matters unrelated to the 
Debtors.  Latham & Watkins LLP is a current and former AP client in matters unrelated to 
the Debtors. Latham & Watkins LLP is a legal services provider to AP.

10 
 
 
RLF1 33277598v.1

=== page 31 ===
Case 25-11195-JKS    Doc 145-4    Filed 07/14/25    Page 31 of 34

• Liberty International Underwriters and Liberty Surplus Insurance Corporation, insurance 
providers to the Debtors, and affiliated entities (“Liberty”), are bondholders, lenders, 
lessors, non-adverse litigation parties, litigation parties and adverse litigation parties to 
current and former AP clients in matters unrelated to the Debtors.  Liberty is a current and 
former AP client in matters unrelated to the Debtors.  Liberty is an insurance provider to 
AP.

• Lincoln National Life Ins Co., a benefit provider to the Debtors, and affiliated entities 
(“Lincoln”), are lenders, professionals and adverse litigation parties to current and former 
AP clients in matters unrelated to the Debtors. Lincoln is an insurance provider to AP.

• Lloyd's Syndicate No. 3000, an insurance provider to the Debtors, and affiliated entities 
(“Lloyd’s”), are lenders, non-adverse litigation parties and adverse litigation parties to 
former AP clients in matters unrelated to the Debtors. Lloyd’s is a current and former AP 
client in matters unrelated to the Debtors. Lloyd’s is an insurance provider to AP.

• MetLife, a benefit provider to the Debtors, and affiliated entities (“MetLife”), are non-
adverse litigation parties, lenders, lessors, litigation parties, shareholders, bondholders, 
lienholders and adverse litigation parties to current and former AP clients in matters 
unrelated to the Debtors. MetLife is a former AP client in matters unrelated to the Debtors. 
MetLife is an employee benefits provider to AP.

• Microsoft Online Inc. (“Microsoft”), an unsecured creditor to the Debtors, is a shareholder, 
lessor and adverse litigation party to current and former AP clients in matters unrelated to 
the Debtors. Microsoft is a former AP client in matters unrelated to the Debtors. Microsoft 
is a former employer of current AP employees. Microsoft is a vendor to AP.

• Morgan Lewis & Bockius LLP (“Morgan Lewis”), an unsecured creditor to the Debtors, 
is a professional, counsel and opposing counsel to current and former AP clients in matters 
unrelated to the Debtors. Morgan Lewis is a current and former AP client in matters 
unrelated to the Debtors.

• Morgan Stanley, a term loan lender to the Debtors, and affiliated entities (“Morgan 
Stanley”), are bondholders, non-adverse litigation parties, litigation parties, adverse 
litigation parties, investors, lenders, lessors, professionals, shareholders and lienholders to 
current and former AP clients in matters unrelated to the Debtors.  Morgan Stanley was a 
member of the official committee of unsecured creditors that retained AP in 24 Hour 
Fitness Worldwide, Inc., a former bankruptcy matter unrelated to the Debtors.  Morgan 
Stanley is a current and former AP client in matters unrelated to the Debtors.  Morgan 
Stanley is a former employer of current AP employees.

• Nassau, a term loan lender to the Debtors, and affiliated entities, are lenders to current and 
former AP clients in matters unrelated to the Debtors.

• New Jersey Department of Revenue, a taxing authority to the Debtors, is a bondholder to 
a current AP client in matters unrelated to the Debtors.

11 
 
 
RLF1 33277598v.1

=== page 32 ===
Case 25-11195-JKS    Doc 145-4    Filed 07/14/25    Page 32 of 34

• Norton Rose Fulbright US LLP (“Norton Rose”), a party to the Debtors, is a professional, 
opposing counsel and counsel to current and former AP clients in matters unrelated to the 
Debtors. Norton Rose is a current and former AP client in matters unrelated to the Debtors.

• OFS, a term loan lender to the Debtors, is an adverse litigation party, lender and lienholder 
to current and former AP clients in matters unrelated to the Debtors.

• Omni Agent Solutions, Inc., a professional to the Debtors, is a professional to current and 
former AP clients in matters unrelated to the Debtors. Omni Agent Solutions, Inc. is a 
vendor to AP.

• Ontario Teacher's Pension Plan, a direct and indirect equity holder to the Debtors, is a 
parent company, shareholder and lender to former AP clients in matters unrelated to the 
Debtors. Ontario Teacher's Pension Plan is a former AP client in matters unrelated to the 
Debtors.

• Oracle America Inc., an unsecured creditor to the Debtors, and affiliated entities 
(“Oracle”), are professionals to current and former AP clients in matters unrelated to the 
Debtors. Oracle is a former employer of a current AP employee.  Oracle is a vendor to AP.

• Par Four / Benefit Street, a term loan lender to the Debtors, and affiliated entities (“Benefit 
Street”), are lenders, bondholders and adverse litigation parties to current and former AP 
clients in matters unrelated to the Debtors. Benefit Street is a current and former AP client 
in matters unrelated to the Debtors.

• Paul Hastings, a party to the Debtors, is a professional, opposing counsel and counsel to 
current and former AP clients in matters unrelated to the Debtors.  Paul Hastings LLP is a 
current and former AP client in matters unrelated to the Debtors.

• PJT Partners LP, a professional to the Debtors, is a professional, investment banker and 
shareholder to current and former AP clients in matters unrelated to the Debtors.  PJT 
Partners, LP is a former AP client in matters unrelated to the Debtors.

• PWC US Tax LLP, an unsecured creditor to the Debtors, and affiliated entities (“PwC”), 
are professionals, litigation parties and non-adverse litigation parties to current and former 
AP clients in matters unrelated to the Debtors. PwC is a current and former AP client in 
matters unrelated to the Debtors.  PwC is a former employer of current AP employees. 
PwC is a tax advisor and M&A advisor to AP.

• Quality Technology Services, an unsecured creditor to the Debtors, is a lessor to a former 
AP client in matters unrelated to the Debtors.

• Randstad MWW Inc., Randstad MWW Solutions Inc., as Collateral Agent and Randstad 
N.V., seller notes, UCC lien search parties and directors and/or officers to the Debtors, and 
affiliated entities (“Randstad”), are litigation parties and professionals to current and

12 
 
 
RLF1 33277598v.1

=== page 33 ===
Case 25-11195-JKS    Doc 145-4    Filed 07/14/25    Page 33 of 34

former AP clients in matters unrelated to the Debtors.  Randstad is a former employer of 
current AP employees.  Randstad is a vendor to AP.

• Richards, Layton & Finger, P.A. (“RLF”) a professional to the Debtors, is a professional 
and counsel to current and former AP clients in matters unrelated to the Debtors.  RLF is a 
current and former AP client in matters unrelated to the Debtors.  RLF is a former legal 
services provider to AP.

• Salesforce.com Inc., an unsecured creditor to the Debtors, and affiliated entities 
(“SalesForce”), are investors to a former AP client in matters unrelated to the Debtors. 
SalesForce is a vendor to AP.

• Saratoga Partners, a term loan lender to the Debtors, is a lender to current and former AP 
clients in matters unrelated to the Debtors.

• Schwab Retirement Plan Services, a benefit provider to the Debtors, and affiliated entities 
(“Schwab”), are shareholders, bondholders, non-adverse litigation parties, adverse 
litigation parties, and professionals to current and former AP clients in matters unrelated 
to the Debtors.  Schwab is a current and former AP client in matters unrelated to the 
Debtors.

• Skadden, Arps, Slate, Meagher & Flom LLP (“Skadden Arps”), an unsecured creditor to 
the Debtors, is a professional, opposing counsel, and counsel to current and former AP 
clients in matters unrelated to the Debtors.  Skadden Arps is a current and former AP client 
in matters unrelated to the Debtors.  Skadden Arps is a former employer of a current AP 
employee. Skadden Arps is a legal services provider to AP.

• Stout Risius Ross, LLC, a litigation party to the Debtors, is a professional to current and 
former AP clients in matters unrelated to the Debtors. Stout Risius Ross, LLC is a former 
employer of a current AP employee.

• Telus Health (US) Ltd. (“Telus”), a benefit provider to the Debtors, is a former employer 
of a current AP employee. Telus is a vendor to AP.

• United Healthcare Services Inc., a benefit provider to the Debtors, and affiliated entities 
(“United Healthcare”), are associated companies, litigation parties, adverse litigation 
parties, non-adverse litigation parties, lenders and lienholders to current and former AP 
clients in matters unrelated to the Debtors.  United Healthcare is a former AP client in 
matters unrelated to the Debtors.

• Vedder Price PC, a party to the Debtors, is a professional and counsel to current and former 
AP clients in matters unrelated to the Debtors.

• Verinext Capital, LLC and Verinext Corp., UCC lien search parties and agents to the 
Debtors, is a professional to a current AP client in matters unrelated to the Debtors.

13 
 
 
RLF1 33277598v.1

=== page 34 ===
Case 25-11195-JKS    Doc 145-4    Filed 07/14/25    Page 34 of 34

• Wells Fargo Financial Leasing, Inc., a UCC lien search party to the Debtors, and affiliated 
entities (“Wells Fargo”), are bondholders, non-adverse litigation parties, litigation parties, 
adverse litigation parties, director-affiliated companies, lenders, lessors, lienholders, 
professionals and shareholders to current and former AP clients in matters unrelated to the 
Debtors.  Wells Fargo was a member of the official committees of unsecured creditors that 
retained AP in 24 Hour Fitness Worldwide, Inc. and Extraction Oil & Gas, Inc., former 
bankruptcy matters unrelated to the Debtors.  Wells Fargo is a current and former AP client 
in matters unrelated to the Debtors.

• Wilmington Trust, National Association and Wilmington Trust, National Association, as 
Collateral Agent, UCC lien search parties and agents to the Debtors, and affiliated entities 
(“Wilmington”), are bondholders, lenders, adverse litigation parties, non-adverse 
litigation parties, shareholders, lessors, professionals and lienholders to current and former 
AP clients in matters unrelated to the Debtors.  Wilmington was a member of the official 
committee of unsecured creditors that retained AP in EP Energy Corporation, Chesapeake 
Energy Corporation, Extraction Oil & Gas, Inc., Enviva Inc. and ION Geophysical 
Corporation, former bankruptcy matters unrelated to the Debtors.  Wilmington is a current 
and former AP client in matters unrelated to the Debtors.

• Winston & Strawn LLP, an unsecured creditor to the Debtors, is a lender, professional, 
opposing counsel and counsel to current and former AP clients in matters unrelated to the 
Debtors. Winston & Strawn LLP is a current and former AP client in matters unrelated to 
the Debtors. Winston & Strawn LLP is a legal services provider to AP.

• XL Professional and XL Specialty Insurance Co., insurance providers to the Debtors, and 
affiliated entities (“XL”), are non-adverse litigation parties, adverse litigation parties, 
lenders, shareholders, bondholders, litigation parties and lessors to current and former AP 
clients in matters unrelated to the Debtors.  XL is a current and former AP client in matters 
unrelated to the Debtors.  XL is a former employer of a current AP employee.  XL is an 
insurance provider to AP.

• Young Conaway Stargatt & Taylor, LLP (“Young Conaway”), a party to the Debtors, is 
a professional, opposing counsel, and counsel to current and former AP clients in matters 
unrelated to the Debtors.  Young Conaway is a former AP client in matters unrelated to the 
Debtors. Young Conaway is a legal services provider to AP.

• Zais Group, a term loan lender to the Debtors, is a bondholder and lender to current and 
former AP clients in matters unrelated to the Debtors.

• Zurich American Ins Co., an insurance provider to the Debtors, and affiliated entities 
(“Zurich”), are adverse litigation parties, litigation parties, non-adverse litigation parties, 
bondholders and joint venture entities to current and former AP clients in matters unrelated to the

Debtors. Zurich is a current and former AP client in matters unrelated to the Debtors. Zurich is a

former employer of a current AP employee. Zurich is an insurance provider to AP.

14 
 
 
RLF1 33277598v.1

