=== page 1 ===
Case 25-11195-JKS    Doc 146-2    Filed 07/14/25    Page 1 of 8

Exhibit A

Proposed Order

RLF1 33268903v.1

=== page 2 ===
Case 25-11195-JKS    Doc 146-2    Filed 07/14/25    Page 2 of 8

IN THE UNITED STATES BANKRUPTCY COURT

FOR THE DISTRICT OF DELAWARE

------------------------------------------------------------ 
In re:

Chapter 11

ZEN JV, LLC, et al.,1

Case No. 25-11195 (JKS)

Debtors.

(Jointly Administered)

Re: Docket No. __

------------------------------------------------------------

x 
: 
: 
: 
: 
: 
: 
: 
: 
x

ORDER (I) AUTHORIZING THE RETENTION AND  
EMPLOYMENT OF PJT PARTNERS LP AS INVESTMENT BANKER TO  
THE DEBTORS AND DEBTORS IN POSSESSION EFFECTIVE AS OF THE  
PETITION DATE, (II) WAIVING CERTAIN INFORMATION REQUIREMENTS  
PURSUANT TO LOCAL RULE 2016-2, AND (III) GRANTING RELATED RELIEF

Upon the application (the “Application”)2 of the above-captioned debtors and debtors in

possession (collectively, the “Debtors”) for the entry of an order (a) authorizing the Debtors to,

under sections 327 and 328(a) of the Bankruptcy Code, retain and employ PJT Partners LP

(“PJT”) as investment banker to the Debtors effective as of the Petition Date on the terms set forth

in the engagement letter dated as of June 24, 2025 (the “Engagement Letter”), (b) waiving certain

information requirements pursuant to Local Rule 2016-2 and the U.S. Trustee Guidelines, and

(c) granting related relief, all as more fully set forth in the Application; and upon and the Robbins

Declaration; this Court having jurisdiction to consider the Application and the relief requested

therein in accordance with 28 U.S.C. §§ 157 and 1334 and the Amended Standing Order of

Reference from the United States District Court for the District of Delaware, dated February 29,

1  
The Debtors in these cases, along with the last four digits of each debtor’s federal tax identification number (to 
the extent applicable), are: Zen JV, LLC (0225); Monster Worldwide LLC (6555); FastWeb, LLC; Monster 
Government Solutions, LLC (5762); Camaro Acquisition, LLC; CareerBuilder, LLC (6495); CareerBuilder 
Government Solutions, LLC (6426); Luceo Solutions, LLC (4426); CareerBuilder France Holding, LLC (9339); 
and Military Advantage, LLC (9508). The Debtors’ address is 200 N LaSalle Street #900, Chicago, IL 60601.

2  
Capitalized terms used but not otherwise defined herein have the meanings ascribed to them in the Application.

RLF1 33268903v.1

=== page 3 ===
Case 25-11195-JKS    Doc 146-2    Filed 07/14/25    Page 3 of 8

2012; and this Court having found that this is a core proceeding pursuant to 28 U.S.C. § 157(b)(2);

and this Court having found that this Court may enter a final order consistent with Article III of

the United States Constitution; and this Court having found that venue of this proceeding and the

Application in this district is proper pursuant to 28 U.S.C. §§ 1408 and 1409; and it appearing that

proper and adequate notice of the Application has been given and that no other or further notice is

necessary; and this Court being satisfied that PJT neither holds not represents any interest adverse

to the Debtors’ estates with respect to the matters upon which it is to be employed; and this Court

being satisfied that PJT is a “disinterested person,” as that term is defined in Bankruptcy Code

section 101(14) of the Bankruptcy Code, as modified by section 1107(b) of the Bankruptcy Code;

and upon the record herein; and after due deliberation thereon; and this Court having determined

that there is good and sufficient cause for the relief granted in this Order, therefore, it is hereby

ORDERED, ADJUDGED, AND DECREED:

1. 
The Application is granted as set forth herein.

2. 
The Debtors are authorized to retain and employ PJT as their investment banker in

these chapter 11 cases under sections 327 and 328(a) of the Bankruptcy Code, Bankruptcy Rules

2014 and 2016, and Local Rules 2014-1 and 2016-2, effective as of the Petition Date, on the terms

and conditions set forth in the Application and the Engagement Letter, attached as Exhibit B to the

Application, as modified by this Order.

3. 
Except to the extent set forth herein, the Engagement Letter (together with all

annexes thereto), including the Fee Structure, are approved pursuant to sections 327(a) and 328(a)

of the Bankruptcy Code, and the Debtors are authorized and directed to perform their payment,

reimbursement, contribution, and indemnification obligations and their non-monetary obligations

in accordance with the terms and conditions, and at the times specified, in the Engagement Letter.

2 
 
RLF1 33268903v.1

=== page 4 ===
Case 25-11195-JKS    Doc 146-2    Filed 07/14/25    Page 4 of 8

Subject to paragraph 6 of this Order, all compensation and reimbursement of expenses payable

under the Engagement Letter shall be subject to review only pursuant to the standards set forth in

section 328(a) of the Bankruptcy Code and shall not be subject to any other standard of review

including, but not limited to, that set forth in section 330 of the Bankruptcy Code.

4. 
The Debtors are authorized to pay PJT’s fees and to reimburse PJT for its

reasonable costs and expenses as provided in the Engagement Letter, and in particular, all of PJT’s

fees and expenses in these chapter 11 cases, including the Restructuring Fee, are hereby approved

pursuant to section 328(a) of the Bankruptcy Code, subject to paragraph 6 of this Order.  For the

avoidance of doubt, PJT shall be entitled to seek interim allowance and payment of any

Restructuring Fee by filing and serving an application in respect of the Restructuring Fee

immediately upon the consummation of such Restructuring (including any Sale Transaction) in

accordance with the “Monthly Fee Application” procedures set forth in any order approving

interim compensation procedures in these chapter 11 cases (the “Interim Compensation Order”)

and in accordance with the procedures set forth in the Bankruptcy Code, the Bankruptcy Rules,

and the Local Rules.  Notwithstanding the foregoing, the full amount of the Restructuring Fee will

be escrowed upon the consummation of the applicable transaction until such amounts are permitted

to be paid to PJT pursuant to this Order, the Interim Compensation Order, or a further order of this

Court. The Debtors are authorized and directed to release such funds from the escrow account and

pay PJT such funds (x) following compliance by PJT, and in accordance with the provisions of

this paragraph and the Interim Compensation Order, or (y) to the extent the Court otherwise allows

compensation and/or reimbursement following the filing of any interim or final fee application.

All fees paid to PJT are subject to disgorgement unless and until they are approved by the Court

on a final basis, after submission of PJT’s final fee application.

3 
 
RLF1 33268903v.1

=== page 5 ===
Case 25-11195-JKS    Doc 146-2    Filed 07/14/25    Page 5 of 8

5. 
PJT shall apply to this Court for allowance of compensation for services rendered

and reimbursement of expenses incurred in accordance with the applicable provisions of the

Bankruptcy Code, the Bankruptcy Rules, the Local Rules, and any applicable orders of this Court;

provided that the requirements of the Bankruptcy Code, the Bankruptcy Rules, and Local

Rule 2016-2 are hereby modified such that PJT’s professionals shall only be required to maintain

summary records in half-hour increments describing each professional’s tasks on a daily basis in

support of each fee application, including reasonably detailed descriptions of those services and

the individuals who provided those services, and will present such records to this Court; provided,

further that PJT’s professionals shall not be required to keep time records on a project category

basis or provide or conform to any schedules of hourly rates.

6. 
PJT shall be compensated in accordance with the terms of the Engagement Letter

as modified by this Order, and in particular, all of PJT’s fees and expenses in these chapter 11

cases are hereby approved pursuant to section 328(a) of the Bankruptcy Code.  Notwithstanding

anything to the contrary herein, the fees and expenses payable to PJT pursuant to the Engagement

Letter shall be subject to review only pursuant to the standards set forth in section 328(a) of the

Bankruptcy Code and shall not be subject to the standard of review set forth in section 330 of the

Bankruptcy Code, except by the Office of the United States Trustee for the District of Delaware

(the “U.S. Trustee”).  This Order and the record relating to this Court’s consideration of the

Application shall not prejudice or otherwise affect the rights of the U.S. Trustee to challenge the

reasonableness of PJT’s compensation and expense reimbursements under sections 330 and 331

of the Bankruptcy Code; provided, that reasonableness for this purpose shall include, among other

things, an evaluation by comparing the fees payable in this case to the fees paid to other investment

banking firms for comparable services in other chapter 11 cases and outside of chapter 11 cases,

4 
 
RLF1 33268903v.1

=== page 6 ===
Case 25-11195-JKS    Doc 146-2    Filed 07/14/25    Page 6 of 8

and shall not be evaluated solely on the basis of time committed or the length of these cases.

Accordingly, nothing in this Order or the record shall constitute a finding of fact or conclusion of

law binding on the U.S. Trustee, on appeal or otherwise, with respect to the reasonableness of

PJT’s compensation.

7. 
The indemnification, contribution, and reimbursement provisions included in the

Engagement Letter are approved, subject, during the pendency of these chapter 11 cases, to the

following modifications:

a. 
subject to the provisions of subparagraphs (b), (c) and (d), infra, the 
Debtors are authorized to indemnify, and to provide contribution 
and reimbursement to, and shall indemnify, and provide 
contribution and reimbursement to, each PJT Party in accordance 
with the Indemnity Agreement for any claim arising from, related 
to, or in connection with the services provided for in the 
Engagement Letter;

b. 
notwithstanding subparagraph (a) above or any provisions of the 
Indemnity Agreement to the contrary, the Debtors shall have no 
obligation to indemnify any PJT Party or provide contribution or 
reimbursement to any PJT Party:  (i) for any claim or expense that 
is judicially determined (the determination having become final and 
no longer subject to appeal) to have arisen from such PJT Party’s 
bad faith, self-dealing, breach of fiduciary duty (if any), willful 
misconduct, or gross negligence; (ii) for a contractual dispute in 
which the Debtors allege the breach of such PJT Party’s contractual 
obligations if this Court determines that indemnification, 
contribution, or reimbursement would not be permissible under 
applicable law; or (iii) for any claim or expense that is settled prior 
to a judicial determination as to the exclusions set forth in clauses 
(i) and (ii) above, but determined by this Court, after notice and a 
hearing pursuant to subparagraph (c), infra, to be a claim or expense 
for which such PJT Party should not receive indemnity, 
contribution, or reimbursement under the terms of the Indemnity 
Agreement, as modified by this Order;

c. 
if, before the earlier of (i) the entry of an order confirming a 
chapter 11 plan in these chapter 11 cases (that order having become 
a final order no longer subject to appeal), and (ii) the entry of an 
order closing these chapter 11 cases, a PJT Party believes that it is 
entitled to the payment of any amounts by the Debtors on account 
of the Debtors’ indemnification, contribution, and/or reimbursement

5 
 
RLF1 33268903v.1

=== page 7 ===
Case 25-11195-JKS    Doc 146-2    Filed 07/14/25    Page 7 of 8

obligations under the Indemnity Agreement, as modified by this 
Order, including without limitation the advancement of defense 
costs, a PJT Party must file an application therefor in this Court, and 
the Debtors may not pay any such amounts to such PJT Party before 
the entry of an order by this Court approving the payment.  This 
subparagraph (c) is intended only to specify the period of time 
during which this Court shall have jurisdiction over any request by 
any PJT Party for indemnification, contribution, or reimbursement 
and is not a provision limiting the duration of the Debtors’ 
obligation to indemnify, or make contribution or reimbursement to, 
any PJT Party; and

d. 
notwithstanding any provision in the Engagement Letter to the 
contrary, subject to the terms of, and the Debtors’ indemnification, 
reimbursement, and contribution obligations under, the Indemnity 
Agreement, there shall be no limitation of PJT’s liability in 
connection with its engagement.

8. 
The following clause of the Engagement Letter is of no force or effect during these

chapter 11 cases: “PJT Partners shall not be required to maintain receipts for expenses in amounts

less than $75.”

9. 
PJT shall not seek reimbursement of fees or expenses of its counsel incurred in

defending any of PJT’s fee applications in these chapter 11 cases.

10. 
Notwithstanding anything to the contrary in the Application, PJT shall: (a) to the

extent that PJT uses the services of independent contractors or subcontractors (collectively,

the “Contractors”) in these chapter 11 cases, pass through the cost of such Contractors to the

Debtors at the same rate that PJT pays the Contractors; and (b) seek reimbursement for actual costs

only.  The Debtors shall require that the Contractors are subject to the same conflicts checks as

required for PJT, and file with this Court such disclosures required by Bankruptcy Rule 2014.

11. 
Notwithstanding anything to the contrary in the Application and/or Engagement

Letter, PJT shall have whatever duties, fiduciary or otherwise, that are imposed upon it by

applicable law.

6 
 
RLF1 33268903v.1

=== page 8 ===
Case 25-11195-JKS    Doc 146-2    Filed 07/14/25    Page 8 of 8

12. 
To the extent there is any inconsistency between the terms of the Engagement

Letter, the Application, and this Order, the terms of this Order shall govern.

13. 
Notice of the Application as provided therein shall be deemed good and sufficient

notice of such Application and the requirements of Bankruptcy Rule 6004(a) and the Local Rules

are satisfied by such notice.

14. 
Notwithstanding Bankruptcy Rule 6004(h), the terms and conditions of this Order

are immediately effective and enforceable upon its entry.

15. 
The Debtors are authorized to take all actions necessary to effectuate the relief

granted in this Order in accordance with the Application.

16. 
This Court retains jurisdiction with respect to all matters arising from or related to

the implementation, interpretation, and enforcement of this Order.

7 
 
RLF1 33268903v.1

