=== page 1 ===
Case 25-11195-JKS    Doc 155-2    Filed 07/15/25    Page 1 of 20

EXHIBIT A

Proposed Order

RLF1 33298778v.1

=== page 2 ===
Case 25-11195-JKS    Doc 155-2    Filed 07/15/25    Page 2 of 20

IN THE UNITED STATES BANKRUPTCY COURT

FOR THE DISTRICT OF DELAWARE

---------------------------------------------------------

In re:

Chapter 11

ZEN JV, LLC, et al.,1

Case No. 25-11195 (JKS)

Debtors.

(Jointly Administered)

Re: Docket No.

---------------------------------------------------------

x 
: 
: 
: 
: 
: 
: 
: 
: 
x

ORDER AUTHORIZING THE EMPLOYMENT 
AND RETENTION OF OMNI AGENT SOLUTIONS, INC.

AS ADMINISTRATIVE AGENT TO THE DEBTORS

EFFECTIVE AS OF THE PETITION DATE

Upon the Application (the “Application”)2 of the above-captioned debtors and debtors in

possession (collectively, the “Debtors”) for entry of an order (a) authorizing the Debtors to retain

and employ Omni Agent Solutions, Inc. (“Omni”) as administrative agent (the “Administrative

Agent”) effective as of the Petition Date, and (b) granting related relief, all as more fully set forth

in the Application; and the Court being satisfied, based on the representations made in the

Application and the Deutch Declaration, that Omni is a “disinterested person” as defined in section

101(14) of the Bankruptcy Code and as required by section 327(a) of the Bankruptcy Code and

does not hold or represent an interest adverse to the Debtors’ estates; and the Court having

jurisdiction to consider the Application and the relief requested therein in accordance with 28

U.S.C. §§ 157 and 1334 and the Amended Standing Order of Reference from the United States

1  The Debtors in these cases, along with the last four digits of each debtor’s federal tax identification number (to the 
extent applicable), are:  Zen JV, LLC (0225); Monster Worldwide LLC (6555); FastWeb, LLC; Monster 
Government Solutions, LLC (5762); Camaro Acquisition, LLC; CareerBuilder, LLC (6495); CareerBuilder 
Government Solutions, LLC (6426); Luceo Solutions, LLC (4426); CareerBuilder France Holding, LLC (9339); 
and Military Advantage, LLC (9508).  The Debtors’ address is 200 N LaSalle Street #900, Chicago, IL 60601.

2  Capitalized terms used but not otherwise defined herein have the meanings ascribed to such terms in the 
Application.

RLF1 33298778v.1

=== page 3 ===
Case 25-11195-JKS    Doc 155-2    Filed 07/15/25    Page 3 of 20

District Court for the District of Delaware, dated February 29, 2012; and the Court having found

that this is a core proceeding pursuant to 28 U.S.C. § 157(b)(2); and that this Court may enter a

final order consistent with Article III of the United States Constitution and this Court having found

that venue of this proceeding and the Application in this district is proper pursuant to 28 U.S.C.

§§ 1408 and 1409; and it appearing that proper and adequate notice of the Application has been

given and that no other or further notice is necessary; and upon the record herein; and after due

deliberation thereon; and this Court having determined that there is good and sufficient cause for

the relief granted in this Order, therefore, it is hereby,

ORDERED, ADJUDGED, AND DECREED THAT:

1. 
The Application is granted as set forth herein.

2. 
All objections to the entry of this Order, to the extent not withdrawn or settled, are

overruled.

3. 
The Debtors are authorized, but not directed, pursuant to section 327(a) of the

Bankruptcy Code, Bankruptcy Rules 2014(a) and 2016, and Local Rules 2014-1 and 2016-1 to

retain and employ Omni as the Administrative Agent effective as of the Petition Date under the

terms of the Engagement Agreement, attached hereto as Exhibit 1, and Omni is authorized

perform the Administrative Services, and all related tasks, all as described in the Application.

4. 
Omni is authorized to take such other action to comply with all duties set forth in

the Application.

5. 
Omni shall apply to the Court for allowance of compensation and reimbursement

of expenses incurred after the Petition Date in accordance with the applicable provisions of the

Bankruptcy Code, the Bankruptcy Rules, the Local Rules, and any orders entered in these cases

regarding professional compensation and reimbursement of expenses.

2

RLF1 33298778v.1

=== page 4 ===
Case 25-11195-JKS    Doc 155-2    Filed 07/15/25    Page 4 of 20

6. 
The Debtors shall indemnify Omni under the terms of the Engagement Agreement,

as modified pursuant to this Order.  Omni shall not be entitled to indemnification, contribution, or

reimbursement pursuant to the Engagement Agreement for services other than the services

provided under the Engagement Agreement, unless such services and the indemnification,

contribution or reimbursement therefor are approved by the Court.

7. 
Notwithstanding anything to the contrary in the Engagement Agreement, the

Debtors shall have no obligation to indemnify Omni, or provide contribution or reimbursement to

Omni, for any claim or expense that is either: (i) judicially determined (the determination having

become final) to have arisen from Omni’s gross negligence, willful misconduct or fraud; (ii) for a

contractual dispute in which the Debtors allege the breach of Omni’s contractual obligations if the

Court determines that indemnification, contribution, or reimbursement would not be permissible

pursuant to In re United Artists Theatre Co., 315 F.3d 217 (3d Cir. 2003); or (iii) settled prior to a

judicial determination under (i) or (ii), but determined by this Court, after notice and a hearing, to

be a claim or expense for which Omni should not receive indemnity, contribution, or

reimbursement under the terms of the Engagement Agreement as modified by this Order.

8. 
To the extent applicable in the Engagement Agreement, all requests by Omni for

the payment of indemnification shall be made by means of an application to the Court and shall be

subject to review by the Court to ensure that payment of such indemnity conforms to the terms of

the Engagement Agreement and is reasonable under the circumstances of the litigation or

settlement in respect of which indemnity is sought.  In no event shall Omni be indemnified in the

case for its own negligence or willful misconduct.  All parties in interest shall retain the right to

object to any demand by Omni for indemnification, contribution, or reimbursement.

9. 
In the event that Omni seeks reimbursement from the Debtors for attorneys’ fees in

3

RLF1 33298778v.1

=== page 5 ===
Case 25-11195-JKS    Doc 155-2    Filed 07/15/25    Page 5 of 20

connection with the payment of an indemnity claim, the invoices and supporting time records for

the attorneys’ fees and expenses shall be included in Omni’s own applications, both interim and

final, but determined by this Court after notice and a hearing.

10. 
Paragraph XI of the Engagement Letter shall be of no force and effect during the

Chapter 11 Cases.

11. 
Notwithstanding anything contained in the Application, the Engagement

Agreement, or any documents ancillary thereto, absent a change in controlling law, Omni shall not

be compensated or reimbursed for, or in connection with, the defense of its fee applications.

12. 
Notwithstanding any provision in the Bankruptcy Rules to the contrary, this Order

shall be immediately effective and enforceable upon its entry.

13. 
In the event of any inconsistency between the Engagement Agreement, the

Application and this Order, this Order shall govern.

14. 
The Debtors and Omni are hereby authorized to take such actions and to execute

such documents as may be necessary to implement the relief granted by this Order.

15. 
Notwithstanding any term in the Engagement Agreement to the contrary, the Court

retains jurisdiction with respect to all matters arising from or related to the implementation,

interpretation, and enforcement of this Order.

4

RLF1 33298778v.1

=== page 6 ===
Case 25-11195-JKS    Doc 155-2    Filed 07/15/25    Page 6 of 20

EXHIBIT 1

Engagement Agreement

RLF1 33298778v.1

=== page 7 ===
Case 25-11195-JKS    Doc 155-2    Filed 07/15/25    Page 7 of 20

Omni 6/18/25 (PHD)

STANDARD SERVICES AGREEMENT 
 
 
This Agreement is entered into as of June 18, 2025, between (I) Omni Agent Solutions, Inc 
(“Omni”), and (II) Zen JV, LLC, together with each of its affiliates and subsidiaries listed on 
Schedule 1, annexed hereto (collectively, the “Companies”).1 The parties agree as follows:

Terms and Conditions

I. 
SERVICES 
 
(a)  
Upon request by the Companies or as may be necessary for Omni to comply with 
applicable law, governmental regulation, court order or court rule, Omni shall provide the 
Companies with consulting and administrative services (“Services”) in connection with the 
Companies’ potential filing of chapter 11 petitions under the Bankruptcy Code (the “Code”) and 
during any chapter 11 case(s) which the Companies may initiate. Without limitation, the Services 
may include any or all of the following: Assisting in the preparation of the Companies’ bankruptcy 
schedules and statements of financial affairs (“Schedules and SOFA”), noticing, communication 
related services, claims management and reconciliation, plan solicitation, balloting and tabulation, 
contract review, securities, claims analysis, providing confidential online workspaces or data 
rooms (the publication of which shall not violate the confidentiality provisions of this Agreement), 
account management, disbursements, automation, and any other service which may be agreed upon 
by the parties.

(b) 
The Companies understand that to assist or enable Omni to provide the Services, 
Omni will engage in communications with various persons acting on the Companies’ behalf (each, 
a “Companies Party”).2 The parties agree that Omni may rely upon the accuracy and 
completeness of the information provided without any obligation to further verify it, and that the 
Companies shall be  bound by any and all requests, advice, information or direction made.

(c) 
The Companies understand that Omni is not being retained to provide any legal or 
financial advice and that none of Omni’s communications with a Companies Party or any other 
party constitutes legal or financial advice.

II. 
RATES

(a) 
The Companies agree to pay Omni for all fees, charges and costs for Services 
provided on their behalf in the amounts set forth in the schedule attached hereto as Exhibit “A” 
(the “Rate Schedule”); provided that prior to completing any service costing more than $10,000 
in the aggregate, Omni shall receive pre-authorization from the Companies or their counsel (email 
being sufficient). In addition to the foregoing, Omni has agreed to provide the Companies with (i)

1 Upon the filing of one or more chapter 11 petitions, the term “Companies” shall thereafter mean and include 
each of the filing parties, in their individual capacities as debtors and debtors in possession, together with any other 
entities whose chapter 11 cases are jointly administered with the filing parties’ case(s). Each of the Companies shall 
be jointly and severally liable for all fees and costs incurred hereunder.

2 Unless otherwise agreed upon, a Companies Party includes the Companies’ managers, general partners, 
officers, directors, employees, agents, representatives, counsel, consultants and/or any other party with whom the 
Companies authorize to engage in a communication with Omni.

=== page 8 ===
Case 25-11195-JKS    Doc 155-2    Filed 07/15/25    Page 8 of 20

Omni 6/18/25 (PHD)

a $10,000 credit on prepetition fees (contingent upon the filing of at least one of the Companies’ 
chapter 11 cases), and (ii) a ten (10%) percent discount on Omni’s standard hourly rates). Omni 
reserves the right, upon providing 10 day’s prior written notice to the Companies, to amend the 
Rate Schedule by increasing its hourly rates, unit prices, and any other charges, fees, and costs 
therein during the term of this Agreement.  
 
 
(b) 
Omni may invoice the Companies monthly for the Services it provided during the 
preceding calendar month consistent with the applicable Rate Schedule. All invoices are due and 
payable upon receipt. Notwithstanding anything herein to the contrary, in the event the Companies 
file one or more chapter 11 petitions, any payment made to Omni will be in accordance with 
applicable bankruptcy law and orders of the bankruptcy court. 
 
 
(c) 
In the case of a dispute of any portion of an invoice, the Companies shall give 
written notice to Omni within ten (10) days of receipt of the invoice as to the charges disputed and 
the basis thereof. The undisputed portion of the invoice will remain due and payable immediately 
upon receipt. At its sole discretion, Omni may first apply any payment received against the 
cumulative sum of the late charges then due before it applies any remaining balance to the 
outstanding principal balance

(d) 
Omni may require an advance or direct payment from the Companies of an 
individual expense, or a group of related expenses, which are expected to exceed $7,500 (e.g., 
publication notice). 
 
 
(e) 
The Companies shall pay or reimburse all taxes applicable to services performed 
under this Agreement and, specifically, taxes based on disbursements made on behalf of the 
Companies, notwithstanding how such taxes may be designated, levied, or based. This provision 
is intended to include sales, use, and excise taxes, among other taxes, but is not intended to include 
personal property taxes or taxes based on net income of Omni. 
 
 
(f) 
The Companies shall pay to Omni all actual charges (including fees, costs and 
expenses as set forth in the then effective Rate Structure) related to, arising out of, or resulting 
from, any error or omission made by the Companies including, without limitation, print or copy 
re-runs, supplies, long distance phone calls, travel expenses and overtime expenses.

(g) 
Upon execution of this Agreement, the Companies shall pay Omni a retainer of 
$50,000 (the “Retainer”). Omni may use the Retainer against all reasonable and documented 
prepetition fees and expenses. At Omni’s discretion, the Retainer may then be applied to the 
payment of the final invoice from Omni under and pursuant to this Agreement 
(the “Final Invoice”), or to any other invoice. Except with respect to the Final Invoice, upon notice 
from Omni to the Companies of the application of some or all of the Retainer, the Companies shall 
replenish the Retainer as promptly as practicable to its original amount. Omni shall return to the 
Companies any amount of the Retainer that remains following application of the Retainer to the 
payments of unpaid fees and expenses hereunder.

(h) 
Payments to Omni for services rendered under the terms of this Agreement may be 
remitted using either or both of the following methods:

=== page 9 ===
Case 25-11195-JKS    Doc 155-2    Filed 07/15/25    Page 9 of 20

Omni 6/18/25 (PHD)

(i) 
Wire Transmission

(Omni’s wire information will be included on each monthly invoice) 
 
 
 
(ii) 
Check 
 
 
 
Omni Agent Solutions 
 
 
 
c/o Accounts Receivable 
 
 
 
5955 De Soto Avenue 
 
 
 
Suite 100 
 
 
 
Woodland Hills, CA 91367 
 
III. 
RETENTION

(a) 
The Agreement is effective immediately upon its execution by the parties; 
provided, however, that it shall be subject to, if and when applicable, the terms of any order entered 
approving the engagement of Omni by the Companies in the Companies’ chapter 11 proceeding(s).

(b) 
If the Companies commence one or more chapter 11 cases pursuant to the Code, 
then as soon as is practicable, but in no event more than thirty (30) days after such case or cases 
are commenced, the Companies agree to and shall take all necessary actions to obtain bankruptcy 
court approval to retain Omni as their claims and noticing agent pursuant to 28 U.S.C. § 156(c), 
and as its administrative agent pursuant to section 327(a) of the Code for all Services that fall 
outside the scope of 28 U.S.C. § 156(c). The form and substance of any application concerning 
Omni’s retention and any order setting forth its terms are subject to Omni’s approval which shall 
not be unreasonably withheld. Notwithstanding any other provision of this Agreement, if the 
bankruptcy court does not enter an order approving Omni’s retention pursuant to 28 U.S.C. § 
156(c) or section 327 of the Code, this Agreement will be terminated effective immediately.  
 
IV. 
TERM

(a) 
Except as provided herein, the Agreement will remain in effect until terminated:  
(a) on a mutually agreed upon date as set forth in a writing executed by both parties; (b) on a date 
of no less than thirty (30) days from the date written notice is provided by one party to the other; 
(c) by the Companies for cause (“Cause”) which, for purposes of this Agreement, shall mean that 
Omni has acted in bad faith, with gross negligence, or engaged in willful misconduct that results 
in material harm to the Companies’ effort and ability to restructure in their chapter 11 cases; or (d) 
by Omni upon the Companies’ material breach of any term herein. If Omni’s engagement has been 
already approved by the bankruptcy court, then Omni shall continue to perform the Services until 
the entry of an order by the bankruptcy court, in a form and substance satisfactory to Omni, whose 
consent will not be unreasonably withheld, providing for the terms and conditions of its discharge, 
including date of termination.

(b) 
Upon its termination, Omni shall provide the Companies with all materials Omni 
is required to return to the Companies under the terms of this Agreement as well as all in-process 
deliverables in their then‐current state of completion for Services which Omni provided prior to 
the effective date of the termination promptly after it has received payment in full of all sums 
attributable to such Services, including for any Services which have then not yet been invoiced.

=== page 10 ===
Case 25-11195-JKS    Doc 155-2    Filed 07/15/25    Page 10 of 20

Omni 6/18/25 (PHD)

Omni shall coordinate with the Companies and, to the extent applicable, the clerk of the bankruptcy 
court, to maintain an orderly transfer of record keeping functions, shall provide the necessary staff 
and assistance required for an orderly transfer, and the Companies agree to pay all sums which 
may become due in connection therewith. Without limiting the foregoing, upon the Companies’ 
written request made at any time during the term of this Agreement, Omni shall deliver to the 
Companies and/or the Companies’ retained professionals at the Companies’ sole expense any or 
all of the non-proprietary data and records held by Omni pursuant to this Agreement, in the form 
requested by the Companies.

V. 
CONFIDENTIALITY

Omni and the Companies, on behalf of themselves and on behalf of each Companies Party, 
agree to keep confidential all non-public records, systems, procedures, software and other 
information received from the other party in connection with the Services provided under this 
Agreement (“Confidential Information”), except if any of such information: (a) is then or 
thereafter becomes publicly available, other than by breach by the receiving party; (b) is already 
in the receiving party’s possession or known to it and was received from a third party that, to the 
knowledge of the receiving party, does not have a duty of confidentiality to the disclosing party; 
(c) was independently developed; (d) is lawfully obtained from a third party who, to the knowledge 
of the receiving party, does not have a duty of confidentiality to the disclosing party; or (e) is 
subject to production or revelation pursuant to an order of any court, governmental agency or other 
regulatory body, arbitrator or subpoena, it may, upon not less than ten (10) calendar days written 
notice to the other party, release the required information.

VI. 
OMNI’S PROPERTY RIGHTS 
 
 
(a) 
The parties understand and agree that any and all software programs or other 
materials furnished by Omni pursuant to this Agreement or used by Omni to provide the Services 
during the term of this Agreement (“Omni’s Property”) are Omni’s sole and exclusive property. 
Without limiting the foregoing, Omni’s Property includes data processing programs, 
specifications, applications, routines, documentation, ideas, concepts, know-how or techniques 
relating to data processing or Omni’s performance of Services. Omni reserves the right to make 
changes in operating procedure, operating systems, programming languages, general purpose 
library programs, application programs, time of accessibility, types of terminals and other 
equipment, and the Omni database serving the Companies, so long as any such changes do not 
materially interfere with ongoing Services provided to the Companies in connection with the 
Companies’ pending bankruptcy cases.

(b) 
The Companies acknowledge and agree that regardless of any sums they have been 
charged or have paid to Omni, the Companies obtain no rights or ownership whatsoever in any of 
Omni’s Property and that their use by the Companies is limited to enabling Omni to provide the 
Services hereunder.

VII. 
BANK ACCOUNTS 
 
 
At the request of the Companies, Omni is authorized to establish account(s) with financial

=== page 11 ===
Case 25-11195-JKS    Doc 155-2    Filed 07/15/25    Page 11 of 20

Omni 6/18/25 (PHD)

institutions in the name of and/or as agent for the Companies and to manage such account(s), 
including to facilitate distributions pursuant to a chapter 11 plan or otherwise.  
 
VIII. COMPANIES’ DATA 
 
 
(a) 
Without limiting any other provision of this Agreement, the Companies represent 
and warrant to Omni that when a Companies Party provides information to Omni (a) the 
Companies have all necessary authority to disclose it to Omni and that Omni is fully authorized to 
use it in connection with its performance of the Services; (b) that the information is materially 
accurate and complete to the best of the Companies’ knowledge at the time of such 
communication(s); and (c) that Omni has no responsibility whatsoever to verify or otherwise 
independently confirm the accuracy or completeness of any information, programs, data or 
instructions it is provided including, without limitation, data it receives in connection with the 
preparation of the Companies’ Schedules and SOFAs. The Companies agree that they shall be 
deemed to have reviewed and approved any and all Schedules and SOFAs which are filed on their 
behalf. 
 
 
(b) 
Without limiting any other provision of this Agreement, the Companies understand 
and agree that all data, storage media, programs or other materials which are furnished to Omni on 
its behalf (the “Companies’ Data”) may be retained by Omni until full payment has been made 
to Omni for all of its Services and that they shall remain liable to Omni for all fees and expenses 
thereafter charged by Omni for maintaining, storing or disposing of any or all of it.  Omni agrees 
that it will dispose of the Companies’ Data in a manner requested by or acceptable to the 
Companies; provided, however, that if Omni has not provided Services to the Companies for a 
period of ninety (90) days and provides no less than thirty (30) days written notice, Omni may 
dispose of any or all of the Companies’ Data in any commercially reasonable at the Companies’ 
sole expense. The Companies agree to use commercially reasonable efforts to initiate and maintain 
backup files that would allow the Companies to regenerate or duplicate all programs, data or 
information which is provided on their behalf to Omni. 
 
 
(c) 
If Omni is retained pursuant to bankruptcy court order, disposal of any of the 
Companies’ Data shall comply with any applicable court orders and rules or clerk’s office 
instructions.

IX. 
NO REPRESENTATIONS OR WARRANTIES

Omni makes no representations or warranties, express or implied, including, without 
limitation, any express or implied warranty of merchantability, fitness or adequacy for a particular 
purpose or use, quality, productiveness, or capacity. Notwithstanding the foregoing, if the above 
disclaimer is not enforceable under applicable law, such disclaimer will be construed by limiting 
its enforceability to the maximum extent compatible with applicable law.

X. 
INDEMNIFICATION 
 
 
(a) 
To the fullest extent permitted by applicable law, the Companies shall indemnify 
and hold harmless Omni and its members, directors, officers, employees, representatives, affiliates,

=== page 12 ===
Case 25-11195-JKS    Doc 155-2    Filed 07/15/25    Page 12 of 20

Omni 6/18/25 (PHD)

consultants, subcontractors and agents (each, an “Indemnified Party,” and collectively, the 
“Indemnified Parties”) from and against any and all losses, claims, damages, judgments, 
liabilities and expenses, whether direct or indirect (including, without limitation, counsel fees and 
expenses) (collectively, “Losses”) resulting from, arising out of or related to Omni’s performance 
hereunder.  Without limiting the generality of the foregoing, Losses include any liabilities resulting 
from claims by any third parties against any Indemnified Party. 
 
  
(b)  
Omni and the Companies shall provide notice to the other in writing promptly upon 
the assertion, threat or commencement of any claim, action, investigation or proceeding that either 
party becomes aware of with respect to the services provided under and pursuant to the Agreement.  
 
 
(c)  
The Companies’ indemnification of Omni hereunder shall exclude Losses resulting 
from Omni’s gross negligence or willful misconduct. 
 
 
(d)  
The Companies’ indemnification obligations hereunder shall survive the 
termination of this Agreement. 
 
XI. 
LIMITATIONS OF LIABILITY 
 
 
Except as expressly provided herein, Omni’s liability to the Companies for any Losses, 
unless due to Omni’s gross negligence or willful misconduct, shall be limited to the total amount 
paid by the Companies for the portion of the particular specific task or expense of the Service that 
gave rise to the alleged Loss.  In no event shall Omni’s liability to the Companies for any Losses 
arising out of this Agreement exceed the total amount actually paid to Omni for services provided 
under and pursuant to this Agreement. Moreover, in no event shall Omni be liable for any indirect, 
special, or consequential damages (such as loss of anticipated profits or other economic loss) in 
connection with or arising out of the services provided under and pursuant to this Agreement.

XII. 
GENERAL

(a) 
Each party acknowledges that authorized person(s) on its behalf have read 
Agreement, understands it, and agrees to be bound by its terms. Each party further agrees that it is 
the complete and exclusive statement of the agreement between the parties, which supersedes and 
merges all prior proposals, understandings, agreements, and communications between the parties 
relating to the subject matter hereof. 
 
 
(b) 
If any provision of this Agreement shall be held to be invalid, illegal, or 
unenforceable, the validity, legality and enforceability of the remaining provisions shall in no way 
be affected or impaired thereby. 
 
 
(c) 
Any modification to the Agreement shall be only by a writing duly executed by a 
Companies Party, on behalf of the Companies, and an officer of Omni. 
 
 
(d)  
This Agreement and the rights and duties hereunder shall not be assignable by the 
parties hereto except upon written consent of the other; provided, however, that either party may 
assign this Agreement to a wholly‐owned subsidiary or affiliate or to an entity which has succeeded

=== page 13 ===
Case 25-11195-JKS    Doc 155-2    Filed 07/15/25    Page 13 of 20

Omni 6/18/25 (PHD)

to all or substantially all of the business or assets of a party without the other party’s consent, 
provided that the assigning party provides adequate assurance of performance by the proposed 
assignee. 
 
 
(e) 
This Agreement may be executed in two or more counterparts, each of which will 
be deemed an original, but all of which shall constitute one and the same agreement. This 
Agreement will become effective when one or more counterparts have been signed by each of the 
parties and delivered to the other party, which delivery may be made by exchange of copies of the 
signature page by fax or email. 
 
 
(f) 
Whenever performance by Omni of any of its obligations hereunder is materially 
prevented or impacted by reason of any act of God, government requirement, strike, lock‐out or 
other industrial or transportation disturbance, fire, flood, epidemic, lack of materials, law, 
regulation or ordinance, act of terrorism, war or war condition, or by reason of any other matter 
beyond Omni’s reasonable control, then such performance shall be excused, and this Agreement 
shall be deemed suspended during the continuation of such prevention and for a reasonable time 
thereafter. 
 
 
(g)  
The Companies will use their best efforts to cooperate with Omni at the Companies’ 
facilities if any portion of the Services require Omni’s physical presence. 
 
 
(h) 
Each party agrees that neither it nor any of its subsidiaries shall directly or indirectly 
solicit for employment, employ or otherwise retain as employees, consultants or otherwise, any 
employees of the other party during the term of this Agreement and for a period of six (6) months 
after termination thereof unless the other party provides prior written consent to such solicitation 
or retention; provided, however, that the foregoing provisions will not prevent either party from 
hiring or seeking to hire any such person who responds to general advertising or a general 
solicitation not targeted to the employees of the other party. 
 
 
(i) 
The Companies and Omni are and shall be independent contractors of each other 
and no agency, partnership, joint venture, or employment relationship shall arise, directly or 
indirectly, as a result of this Agreement.

(j) 
The language used in this Agreement will be deemed to be the language chosen by 
the Companies and Omni to express their mutual intent, and no rule of strict construction will be 
applied against either party.  
 
 
(k) 
In the event that any arbitration legal action, including an action for declaratory 
relief, is brought to enforce the performance or interpret the provisions of this Agreement, the 
parties agree that the prevailing party is entitled to be paid all of its reasonable attorneys’ fees, 
court costs, and any other expense reasonably related thereto in the amount which may be set by 
the court or by an arbitrator, whether in the same action or in a separate action brought for the 
purpose of establishing such amount, in addition to any other relief to which the prevailing party 
may be entitled.

(l)  
The validity, enforceability and performance of this Agreement shall be governed

=== page 14 ===
Case 25-11195-JKS    Doc 155-2    Filed 07/15/25    Page 14 of 20

Omni 6/18/25 (PHD)

by and construed in accordance with the laws of the State of New York.

(m) 
Any dispute arising out of or relating to this Agreement, or the breach thereof shall 
be finally resolved by arbitration administered by the American Arbitration Association under its 
Commercial Arbitration Rules, and judgment upon the award rendered by the arbitrator may be 
entered in any court having jurisdiction. There shall be one arbitrator named in accordance with 
such rules. The arbitration shall be conducted in the English language in New York in accordance 
with the United States Arbitration Act. Notwithstanding the foregoing, during the pendency of any 
applicable chapter 11 case(s) of the Companies, any disputes related to this Agreement shall be 
decided by the bankruptcy court with jurisdiction over the chapter 11 case(s).

(n) 
Omni reserves the right to make changes in operating procedures, operating 
systems, programming languages, general purpose library programs, application programs, time 
periods of accessibility, types of terminals and other equipment, and the Omni database serving 
the Companies, so long as any such changes do not materially interfere with ongoing Services 
provided to the Companies in connection with the Companies’ pending bankruptcy case(s).

(o) 
All headings used in this Agreement are for convenience of reference only, are not 
part of this Agreement and shall not affect the construction of, or be taken into consideration in 
interpreting, this Agreement. 
 
XIII. NOTICING 
 
 
All notices and requests in connection with this Agreement shall be sufficiently given or 
made if given or made in writing via hand delivery, overnight courier, U.S. Mail (postage prepaid) 
or email, and addressed as follows: 
 
 
If to Omni:  
 
Omni Agent Solutions, Inc. 
 
 
 
 
5955 De Soto Avenue 
 
 
 
 
Suite 100 
 
 
 
 
Woodland Hills, CA 91367 
 
 
 
 
Tel: (818) 906-8300 
 
 
 
 
Attn: Brian K. Osborne, Pres. & CEO 
 
 
 
 
Email: Bosborne@omniagnt.com 
 
 
If to the Companies: Zen JV, LLC, et al.

200 North LaSalle Street, Suite 900 
Chicago IL 60601 
United States  
Attn:  Jeff Furman 
Email:  Jeff.Furman@careerbuilder.com 
 
With a copy to: 
LATHAM & WATKINS LLP 
1271 Avenue of the Americas 
New York, NY 10020 
Tel: (212) 906-1287 
Email: candace.arthur@lw.com; Jonathan.Gordon@lw.com

=== page 15 ===
Case 25-11195-JKS    Doc 155-2    Filed 07/15/25    Page 15 of 20

Omni 6/18/25 (PHD)

Or to such other address as the Party to receive the notice or request so designates by written notice 
to the other. 
 
IN WITNESS WHEREOF, the Parties hereto have executed this Agreement effective as of the 
date first above written.

OMNI AGENT SOLUTIONS, INC.

By: _________________________________ 
 
Name: Paul Deutch 
 
Title: Executive Vice President 
 
 
Agreed and accepted this ___ day of June, 2025 
 
 
ZEN JV, LLC, ET AL.

Sheri Davis

General Counsel

____________________________ 
Name: 
Title:

=== page 16 ===
Case 25-11195-JKS    Doc 155-2    Filed 07/15/25    Page 16 of 20

Omni 6/18/25 (PHD)

SCHEDULE

“1”

Zen JV, LLC 
Monster Worldwide LLC 
Military Advantage, LLC 
FastWeb, LLC 
Monster Government Solutions, LLC 
Camaro Acquisition, LLC 
CareerBuilder, LLC 
CareerBuilder France Holding LLC  
CareerBuilder Government Solutions LLC 
Luceo Solutions, LLC

=== page 17 ===
Case 25-11195-JKS    Doc 155-2    Filed 07/15/25    Page 17 of 20

Omni 6/18/25 (PHD)

EXHIBIT

“A”

=== page 18 ===
Case 25-11195-JKS    Doc 155-2    Filed 07/15/25    Page 18 of 20

2025 Rate Sheet

Analyst 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
$50 - 75
Analysts perform tasks such as incoming and outgoing mail processing (including returned mail), creditor correspondence, document and file organization, daily docket updates.

Consultant 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
$80-$220
Consultants perform and manage various day-to-day activities to meet the specific needs of each client’s case.  These services include data collection, preparation of the creditor matrix, compilation of the noticing
database, preparation of Schedules and SOFA’s, processing and review of claims and ballots, maintenance of the official claims register and the  processing of claim transfers, managing and maintaining the case
website, and document management.  In addition, Consultants perform quality assurance checks on all services, oversee noticing and fulfillment, assist with creditor communications, and produce multiple reports on
claims, ballots, and other requested data.  Omni’s consultant’s each average over five years industry-related experience.

Senior Consultants 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
$225 - $275
Senior Consultants are the main points of contact for Omni’s clients, their counsel, and other related professionals.  Senior Consultants oversee all aspects of case administration, providing industry expertise and
strategic administrative support on complex issues  Their responsibilities also include  the internal management of Omni’s case professionals. Omni’s senior consultant’s each average over ten years industry-related
experience and many are former restructuring or financial industry professionals. If necessary, Omni’s executive team will provide additional support in the senior consultant role at the rate range set forth above.

Solicitation and Securities Consultant 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
$225 - $250
Solicitation and Securities Consultants assist with the review, tabulation, and auditing of ballots, as well as executing plan solicitations and public securities-related services.  In addition, Solicitation and Securities
Consultants are available to prepare custom voting and tabulation reports, , as well as reports relating to other corporate securities events including exchange offers and rights subscriptions. The Solicitation and
Securities Consultant will also interface with the banks, brokers, nominees, depositories, securities holders and their agents regarding solicitation and corporate events.  Solicitation and Securities consultant's average
over five years  of related experience.

Director of Solicitation and Securities 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
$295
The Director of Solicitation and Securities is the lead consultant in the plan solicitation process and any corporate action-related events.  The Director oversees and coordinates all aspects of plan voting and solicitation,
including tabulation verification, and, if and when necessary, will attest to the solicitation process and results.  The Director also oversees and advises on public securities notices and related actions including voting,
exchange offers, treatment elections, rights subscriptions, distributions, and notices, and will coordinate with the banks, brokers, nominees, depositories, securities holders and their agents to ensure smooth and successful
execution of the related processes.  Omni’s Director of Solicitation and Securities is a former Wall Street executive  with over 15 years of relevant securities and finance experience.

Treasury Services – Including Banking, Escrow Agent and Distribution Services 
 
 
 
 
 
            
$150 - $295
 
 
Treasury Service Consultants provide banking, escrow agent and distribution services.
 Omni’s banking services include opening, maintaining and closing bank accounts, ACH Payments, balance transfers,
monthly statement reconciliation, positive pay management, general administrative management and more. Escrow Agent services include full-service banking, administration and management required to execute
various types (Asset Sale, Litigation Settlement, Professional Fees) of financial transactions. Omni’s Distribution services include the creation and management of the distribution data, banking services, distribution
fulfillment via hard check, wire transfer, ACH or other means, bank statement reconciliations, distribution reporting, coordinate tax reporting, final report and account closing.  Omni’s Treasury Consultants average
15 years of accounting, banking or financial services experience.

Technology Consultant 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
$95 - $175
Technology Consultants provide technical and database support with respect to the onboarding and processing of complex data.  Our Consultants also deliver ongoing and customized reporting requirements,
assist with variable data mailings and exhibit preparation and provide custom solutions to meet individual case requirements.  Omni’s Technology Consultants each average at least 15 years experience in the information
technology and development industry.

=== page 19 ===
Case 25-11195-JKS    Doc 155-2    Filed 07/15/25    Page 19 of 20

2025 Rate Sheet

Hourly Rates for Standard and Custom

Informational Website
RATE / COST

Services*
RATE / COST

Office Services
$50 - $75.00 per hour

Case Administration Services
$80 - $275 per hour

Claims Management
$80 - $275 per hour

Noticing Services
$80 - $275 per hour

Creation, Configuration and Initial Setup
No charge
Data Entry / Information Updates
Standard hourly rates apply
Programming and Customization
$95 - $175 per hour
Debtor Website Hosting
No charge
Committee Website Hosting
No charge
Shareholder Website Hosting
No charge
Scanning
$0.10 per image

Public Debt and Equities Securities and/Rights

Offerings Services
RATE / COST

Schedules and SOFA Services
$80 - $275 per hour
Solicitation Services
$80 - $295 per hour
Disbursement/Treasury Services
$150 - $295 per hour
Communications Services – Call Center
$75 - $175 per hour
Quality Control/Oversight Management
$150 - $275 per hour
Senior Management/Consulting Services
$225 - $275 per hour
Programming and IT Customization
$95 - $175 per hour

Claims Management
RATE / COST

Noticing Services
Standard hourly rates apply
Solicitation, Balloting and Tabulation
Standard hourly rates apply
Rights Offerings
Standard hourly rates apply
Security Position Identification Reports
Standard hourly rates apply

Liquidating / Disbursing Agent
RATE / COST

Standard hourly rates apply

Comply with Plan requirements, preparation of 
disbursement reports, payout calculations, check 
generation, bank reconciliations

Inputting Proofs of Claim
Hourly rates 
(No per claim charges)
Scanning
$.10 per image
Remote Internet access for claims management
Setup
No charge
Access
No charge

Solicitation and Tabulation
RATE / COST

Schedules / SoFA
RATE / COST

Plan and disclosure statement mailings
Quoted prior to printing

Preparation and updating of schedules and SoFAs
$80.00 - $275.00 per hour

Ballot tabulation
Standard hourly rates apply

*Additional professional services not covered by this rate structure will be charged at hourly rates, including any outsourced services performed under our supervision and control.

=== page 20 ===
Case 25-11195-JKS    Doc 155-2    Filed 07/15/25    Page 20 of 20

2025 Rate Sheet

UST Reporting Compliance
RATE / COST

Printing and Noticing Services
RATE / COST

Copy
$.10 per image

Standard hourly rates apply

Document folding and insertion
No charge

Assist debtors to satisfy jurisdicational 
requirements, preparation of monthly operating 
and post-confirmation reports

Labels/Envelope printing
$.035 each

MSL E-mail noticing
No charge

Electronic Services, Storage & Security
RATE / COST

High Volume or Certified E-mail Noticing
TBD per volume

Facsímile Noticing
$.10 per image

License Fee and System Maintenance 
.10 per Record

Postage/Overnight Service

Prevailing rates as required
(Advance payment required for postage 
charges over $10,000)

Per image storage
No charge
Monthly Encryption Bandwidth and Security 
Compliance Charges**
.15 per MB

Envelopes
Varies by size

Automated Services
.20 per process

Newspaper and Legal Notice Publishing
RATE / COST

Virtual Data Rooms
Quote upon request

Coordinate and publish legal notice
Quote prior to publishing

Miscellaneous
RATE / COST

Call Centers / Dedicated Line
RATE / COST

Telephone charges
At cost

Creation, configuration and initial setup
No charge

Delivery
At cost

Archival DVD/CD-Rom
$50.00 per copy

Hosting fee
$50.00 per Month
Usage
$.10 per Minute
Call center personnel
Standard Hourly Rates

** Charges relate to secure, bidirectional encryption of web-based documents and telephony, as well as secure storage of case records, documents and related files based on volume

