=== page 1 ===
Case 25-11195-JKS    Doc 204-2    Filed 07/23/25    Page 1 of 18

EXHIBIT A

Winning Declaration

11

=== page 2 ===
Case 25-11195-JKS    Doc 204-2    Filed 07/23/25    Page 2 of 18

IN THE UNITED STATES BANKRUPTCY COURT

FOR THE DISTRICT OF DELAWARE

In re: 
Chapter 11

ZEN JV, LLC, et al.,1
Case No. 25-11195 (JKS)

Debtors. 
(Jointly Administered)

DECLARATION OF ROBERT WINNING IN SUPPORT OF THE APPLICATION OF 
THE OFFICIAL COMMITTEE OF UNSECURED CREDITORS OF ZEN JV, LLC, ET

AL., FOR ENTRY OF AN ORDER AUTHORIZING AND APPROVING THE 
EMPLOYMENT AND RETENTION OF M3 ADVISORY PARTNERS, LP AS

FINANCIAL ADVISOR EFFECTIVE AS OF JULY 2, 2025

I, Robert Winning, hereby declare, pursuant to 28 U.S.C. § 1746, as follows:

1.
I am a Managing Director at M3 Advisory Partners, LP (“M3 Partners”) and am

duly authorized to execute this declaration on behalf of M3 Partners with its principal office

located at 1700 Broadway, 19th Floor, New York NY 10019.

2.
I submit this declaration (the “Declaration”) in support of the Application of the

Official Committee of Unsecured Creditors of Zen JV, LLC, et al., for Entry of an Order

Authorizing and Approving the Employment and Retention of M3 Advisory Partners, LP as

Financial Advisor Effective as of July 2, 2025 (the “Application”).2  Unless otherwise stated, I

have personal knowledge of the facts stated herein.  To the extent any information disclosed herein

requires amendment or modification upon M3 Partners’ completion of further review or as

additional party-in-interest information becomes available to it, a supplemental declaration will be

1 The Debtors in these cases, along with the last four digits of each debtor’s federal tax identification number (to the 
extent applicable), are: Zen JV, LLC (0225); Monster Worldwide LLC (6555); FastWeb, LLC; Monster Government 
Solutions, LLC (5762); Camaro Acquisition, LLC; CareerBuilder, LLC (6495); CareerBuilder Government Solutions, 
LLC (6426); Luceo Solutions, LLC (4426); CareerBuilder France Holding, LLC (9339); and Military Advantage, 
LLC (9508). The Debtors’ address is 200 N LaSalle Street #900, Chicago, IL 60601.

2 Capitalized terms not otherwise defined herein shall have the meanings ascribed to them in the Application.

=== page 3 ===
Case 25-11195-JKS    Doc 204-2    Filed 07/23/25    Page 3 of 18

submitted to the Court reflecting such amended or modified information.

M3 Partners’ Qualifications

3.
M3 Partners is a restructuring advisory firm specializing in corporate

restructurings, operational improvement, dispute resolution, and valuation.  M3 Partners has

extensive experience working with and for distressed companies in complex financial and

operational restructurings, both out of court and in chapter 11 proceedings throughout the United

States.  M3 Partners’ professionals have advised debtors, creditors, and equity constituents in

numerous reorganizations, which advisory services have included financial analysis and

budgeting, forecasting, cash management, operational assessments and improvements, dispute and

litigation advisory, and interim management services. M3 Partners and/or M3 Partners’

professionals have been involved in numerous chapter 11 proceedings in various capacities,

including as advisor to official committees of creditors, advisor to official equity committees,

advisor to secured and unsecured holders of debt, advisor to debtors, and serving as a Chief

Restructuring Officer.

4.
M3 Partners has been informed that the Committee selected M3 Partners as its

financial advisor based upon, among other things: (i) the Committee’s need to retain a financial

advisory firm to provide advice with respect to the Debtors’ restructuring activities; and (ii) M3

Partners’ senior professionals’ extensive experience and excellent reputation in providing financial

advisory services in chapter 11 cases.  The Committee has submitted that the employment and

retention of M3 Partners would be in the best interests of the Debtors, their estates, and their

creditors.  M3 Partners has agreed to provide financial advisory services to the Committee on the

terms and conditions set forth in the Application.

2

=== page 4 ===
Case 25-11195-JKS    Doc 204-2    Filed 07/23/25    Page 4 of 18

Professional Compensation

5.
Subject to the Court’s approval, and in accordance with section 328(a) of the

Bankruptcy Code, M3 Partners proposes to render its services on an hourly fee basis according to

its customary hourly rates in effect when the services are rendered.

6.
For services rendered from and after January 1, 2025, M3 Partners’ professionals

will be billed as follows:

Rank 
Standard Hourly Rate 
Managing Partner 
$1,500 
Senior Managing Director 
$1,390 
Managing Director 
$1,150 – 1,290 
Senior Director 
$1,120 
Director  
$940 – 1,060 
Vice President 
$840 
Senior Associate 
$725 
Associate 
$615 
Analyst 
$500

Non-working travel time will be billed at 50% of otherwise applicable rates.

7.
M3 Partners will be reimbursed for its reasonable and necessary out-of-pocket

expenses (which shall be charged at cost) incurred in connection with this engagement, such as

travel, lodging, duplicating, research, messenger, and telephone charges.  M3 Partners will charge

for these expenses at rates consistent with or discounted to charges made to other M3 Partners

clients and subject to the guidelines of the U.S. Trustee.

8.
M3 Partners will maintain detailed records of fees and expenses incurred in

connection with the rendering of the professional services described above, in accordance with

applicable rules and guidelines.

9.
M3 Partners intends to work closely with representatives of the Debtors and other

professionals retained by the Committee to ensure that there is no unnecessary duplication of

services performed or charged to the Debtors’ estates.

3

=== page 5 ===
Case 25-11195-JKS    Doc 204-2    Filed 07/23/25    Page 5 of 18

10.
No compensation will be paid to M3 except upon compliance with the Bankruptcy

Code, Bankruptcy Rules, Local Bankruptcy Rules, and any other applicable procedures and orders

of this Court. M3 Partners has received no retainer in connection with this representation and is

not owed any amounts with respect to prepetition fees and expenses in connection with these cases.

Neither the members of the Committee nor any of their agents or their representatives shall be

responsible or liable for any fees or costs incurred by M3 Partners in connection with its

representation of this Committee, regardless of whether M3 Partners is paid in full from the

Debtors’ estates.  M3 Partners does not seek a success fee in connection with this engagement.

11.
I believe, and understand the Committee to have reasonably determined, that the

fee structure is reasonable, market-based, and designed to fairly compensate M3 Partners for its

work in these cases and to cover fixed and routine overhead expenses.

12.
To the best of my knowledge, (a) no commitments have been made or received by

M3 Partners with respect to compensation or payment in connection with these cases other than in

accordance with the provisions of the Bankruptcy Code, and (b) M3 Partners has no agreement

with any other entity to share with such entity any compensation received by M3 Partners in

connection with these cases.

Disinterestedness

13.
Neither M3 Partners, any director, officer, or employee thereof, nor I, insofar as I

have been able to ascertain, represents any interest adverse to that of the Debtors’ estates in the

matters upon which the Committee seeks to engage M3 Partners, and I believe the firm to be a

“disinterested person” within the meaning of section 101(14) of the Bankruptcy Code.

14.
From time to time, M3 Partners has provided services and likely will continue to

provide services, to certain creditors of the Debtors and various other parties adverse to the Debtors

4

=== page 6 ===
Case 25-11195-JKS    Doc 204-2    Filed 07/23/25    Page 6 of 18

in matters wholly unrelated to these chapter 11 cases.  As described below, however, M3 Partners

has undertaken a detailed search to determine and to disclose whether it is providing or has

provided services to any significant creditor, investor, insider, or other party in interest in such

unrelated matters.

15.
M3 Partners provides services in connection with numerous cases, proceedings, and

transactions unrelated to these chapter 11 cases.  Those unrelated matters involve numerous

attorneys, financial advisors, and creditors, some of whom may be claimants or parties with actual

or potential interests in these chapter 11 cases or may represent such parties.

16.
M3 Partners’ personnel may have business associations with certain creditors of the

Debtors unrelated to these chapter 11 cases.  In addition, in the ordinary course of its business, M3

Partners may engage counsel or other professionals in unrelated matters who now represent, or

who may in the future represent, creditors or other parties in interest in these chapter 11 cases.

17.
In connection with the preparation of this Declaration, M3 Partners conducted a

review of its contacts with the Debtors, their non-Debtors affiliates, and certain entities holding

large claims against or interests in the Debtors that were made known to M3 Partners by counsel

to the Debtors in these cases.  A listing of the parties reviewed is reflected in Schedule 1 attached

to this Declaration.

18.
M3 Partners has a recent or current association with certain firms set forth on

Schedule 2.  None of these relationships has any connection to these cases.  I believe that none of

these associations individually, nor all of them in the aggregate, constitute(s) any conflict of

interest in M3 Partners’ performance of its duties.

19.
Further, as part of its diverse practice, M3 Partners is involved in numerous cases,

proceedings, and transactions that involve many different professionals, including attorneys,

5

=== page 7 ===
Case 25-11195-JKS    Doc 204-2    Filed 07/23/25    Page 7 of 18

accountants, and financial consultants, who may represent claimants and parties in interest in these

chapter 11 cases.  In addition, M3 Partners (including its employees) has performed in the past,

and may perform in the future, consulting services for various attorneys and law firms, and has

been represented by several attorneys and law firms, some of whom may be involved in these

proceedings.  Based on M3 Partners’ current knowledge of the professionals involved, and to the

best of my knowledge, none of these relationships creates interests materially adverse to the

Debtors and none is in connection with these chapter 11 cases.

20.
On a going-forward basis, M3 Partners shall disclose any and all facts of which it

has knowledge that may have a bearing on whether the firm, and/or any individuals working on

the engagement, hold or represent any interest adverse to the Debtors, its creditors, or other parties-

in-interest.

21.
To the best of my knowledge, neither I, M3 Partners, nor any of its employees is a

“creditor” of the Debtors within the meaning of section 101(1) of the Bankruptcy Code; a holder

of any of the Debtors’ outstanding debt, equity or preferred stock investments; is or has been an

insider of the Debtors; or is so connected with the Judges of the United States Bankruptcy Court

for the District of Delaware, the U.S. Trustee or the Assistant Trustee, or Trial Attorneys for the

Office of the U.S. Trustee, as to render the employment of M3 Partners as financial advisor for the

Committee inappropriate under Bankruptcy Rule 5002(b).

22.
None of M3 Partners, any director, officer, or employee thereof, nor I, insofar as I

have been able to ascertain, is or was a director, officer, or employee of the Debtors as defined in

sections 101(14)(B) or (C) of the Bankruptcy Code within two years before the date of filing of

these chapter 11 cases.

23.
On the basis of the above, I believe M3 Partners to be a “disinterested person”

6

=== page 8 ===
Case 25-11195-JKS    Doc 204-2    Filed 07/23/25    Page 8 of 18

within the meaning of section 101(14) of the Bankruptcy Code.

Pursuant to 28 U.S.C. § 1746, I declare under penalty of perjury that the foregoing is true

and correct.

Dated: July 23, 2025

/s/ Robert Winning 
Robert Winning

7

=== page 9 ===
Case 25-11195-JKS    Doc 204-2    Filed 07/23/25    Page 9 of 18

SCHEDULE 1

8

=== page 10 ===
Case 25-11195-JKS    Doc 204-2    Filed 07/23/25    Page 10 of 18

Agents

Wilmington Trust, National Association

Banks

Bank of America

Benefits

ADP Inc 
Calm.Com Inc 
Cigna Group 
Concur Technologies, Inc. 
Delta Dental of California 
Delta Dental of Il 
Empower Trust Company, LLC

Eyemed 
Guardian 
Lincoln National Life Ins Co 
Metlife 
Schwab Retirement Plan Services 
Telus Health (Us) Ltd 
United Healthcare Services Inc

Bankruptcy Professionals

PJT Partners LP 
Richards, Layton & Finger, P.A.

AlixPartners 
Latham & Watkins LLP 
Omni Agent Solutions, Inc.

Delaware Court Personnel

Al Lugano 
Amanda Hrycak 
Annamarie Martino 
Cacia Batts 
Chief Judge Karen B. Owens 
Claire Brady 
Danielle Gadson 
Demitra Yeager 
Jill Walker 
Judge Brendan L. Shannon 
Judge Craig T. Goldblatt 
Judge J. Kate Stickles 
Judge John T. Dorsey 
Judge Laurie Selber Silverstein

Judge Mary F. Walrath 
Judge Thomas M. Horan 
Laura Haney 
Laurie Capp 
Lora Johnson 
Marquietta Lopez 
Nickita Barksdale 
Nikki Washington 
Paula Subda 
Rachel Bello 
Stephen Grant 
Todd Kirk 
Una O'boyle 
Xavier Hurt

Delaware UST’s office

Benjamin Hackman 
Christine Green

Dion Wynn 
Edith A. Serrano

9

=== page 11 ===
Case 25-11195-JKS    Doc 204-2    Filed 07/23/25    Page 11 of 18

Lauren Attix 
Linda Casey 
Linda Richenderfer 
Malcolm M. Bates 
Michael Girello 
Nyanquoi Jones 
Richard Schepacarter 
Shakima L. Dortch 
Timothy J. Fox, Jr.

Elizabeth Thomas 
Hannah M. McCollum 
Hawa Konde 
Holly Dice 
James R. O'Malley 
Jane Leamy 
Jonathan Lipshie 
Jonathan Nyaku 
Joseph Cudia 
Joseph McMahon

Debtors

Camaro Acquisition LLC 
CareerBuilder France Holding, LLC 
CareerBuilder Government Solutions, LLC 
CareerBuilder, LLC 
Fastweb, LLC

Luceo Solutions, LLC 
Military Advantage LLC 
Monster Government Solutions LLC 
Monster Worldwide LLC 
Zen, JV, LLC

Direct and Indirect Equity Holders

Camaro Holdings, LLC 
Ontario Teacher's Pension Plan 
Randstad N.V.

2584172 Ontario Inc. 
AP Special Sits Camaro Holdings, LLC 
Apollo Global Management, Inc. 
Apollo Special Situations Fund, L.P.

Directors and officers

Mark Pacioni 
Maxwell David 
Michael Suhajda 
Rebecca Henderson 
Sam Gallagher 
Sheri Davis 
Stef Leijdekkers

Ahern Dull 
Anna Phillips 
Daniel Silvers 
Fiona van Lede 
Gregory Binder 
Jarnail Badwal 
Jeff Furman 
Kenneth Shea

Insurers

ACE American Insurance Company 
Allianz Global Risks US Insurance Co. 
Allied World National Assurance Company 
American International Companies (AIG) 
Aon UK Limited 
Arch Insurance Company 
AXIS Insurance Company

Berkley Insurance Company 
Berkley Professional Liability 
Chubb National Ins Co 
Federal Insurance Company 
Hartford Insurance Group 
Hiscox Insurance Company Inc. 
Illinois National Insurance Co

10

=== page 12 ===
Case 25-11195-JKS    Doc 204-2    Filed 07/23/25    Page 12 of 18

Lexington Insurance Company 
Liberty International Underwriters 
Liberty Surplus Insurance Corporation 
Lloyd's Syndicate No. 3000 
National Union Fire Ins Co of Pittsburgh

Risk Specialists Companies Ins Agcy,Inc. 
Twin City Fire Insurance Company 
XL Professional 
XL Specialty Insurance Co 
Zurich American Ins Co

Litigation

Jobget, Inc. 
S Risius Ross, Llc

The New York City Commission on Human 
Rights

LOC Beneficiary

Dell Financial Services LLC

LOC Guarantor

Bank of America

Non-Debtors

CareerBuilder Brasil Atividades de Internete 
e Participacoes LTDA. 
CareerBuilder Canada Co 
CareerBuilder com India Private Limited 
CareerBuilder Information Technology 
(Shanghai) Co., Ltd 
CareerBuilder International Holdings B.V. 
CareerBuilder ProfilSoft Dutch Holdings 
B.V. 
CareerBuilder Romania S.R.L. 
CareerBuilder UK Holdings Limited 
CB Solutions Pty Ltd 
Monster Belgium nv 
Monster Luxembourg SA 
Monster Technologies Malaysia Sdn. Bhd

Monster Worldwide Austria GmbH 
Monster Worldwide Canada Operations Inc. 
Monster Worldwide CZ s.r.o. 
Monster Worldwide Germany GmbH 
Monster Worldwide International Holding 
bv 
Monster Worldwide Ireland Ltd 
Monster Worldwide Italia Srl 
Monster Worldwide Limited 
Monster Worldwide Netherlands bv 
Monster Worldwide S.L. 
Monster Worldwide SAS 
Monster Worldwide Sweden AB 
Monster Worldwide Switzerland AG 
Monster.com Asia Pacific Ltd.

Other Parties

Blue Torch Capital 
HIG Capital LLC 
JMB Capital Partners Lending, LLC 
Norton Rose Fulbright US LLP

Paul Hastings 
Valnet 
Valsoft 
Young Conaway Stargatt & Taylor, LLP

RE Lease

11

=== page 13 ===
Case 25-11195-JKS    Doc 204-2    Filed 07/23/25    Page 13 of 18

622 Building Company LLC (Cohen Bros) 
Equinix, INC 
Iron Mountain Data Centers LLC

Onni 200 LaSalle Limited Partnership 
TMG 8280 Greensboro LLC 
VEF V Atlanta office Two, LLC

Seller Note

Randstad MWW Inc.

Tax Authorities

Alabama Department of Revenue 
Alaska Department of Revenue 
Arizona Department of Revenue 
California Franchise Tax Board 
City of Philadelphia Department of Finance 
Colorado Department of Revenue 
Connecticut Department of Revenue 
Delaware Division of Revenue 
Department of the Treasury Internal 
Revenue Service Center 
District of Columbia Department of 
Revenue 
Florida Department of Revenue 
Georgia Department of Revenue 
Hawaii Department of Revenue 
Idaho Department of Revenue 
Illinois Department of Revenue 
Indiana Department of Revenue 
Iowa Department of Revenue 
Kansas Department of Revenue 
Kentucky Department of Revenue 
Louisiana Department of Revenue

Maryland Department of Revenue 
Massachusets Department of Revenue 
Minnesota Department of Revenue 
Mississippi Department of Revenue 
Missouri Department of Revenue 
Nebraska Department of Revenue 
New Hampshire Department of Revenue 
New Jersey Department of Revenue 
New York City Deparment of Finance 
New York Department of Revenue 
North Carolina Department of Revenue 
Okhlahoma Department of Revenue 
Oregon Department of Revenue 
Pennsylvania Department of Revenue 
Philadelphia Department of 
Revenue 
South Carolina Department of Revenue 
Tennesse Department of Revenue 
Texas Department of Revenue 
Utah Department of Revenue 
Virginia Department of Revenue 
Wisconsin Department of Revenue

Term Loan Lenders

Arbour Lane 
ArrowMark 
Canaras 
Cerberus 
Constitution Capital 
Crescent Capital 
Ellington 
Fortinbras Enterprise

FourSixThree 
InvestCorp 
Morgan Stanley 
Nassau 
OFS 
Par Four / Benefit Street 
Saratoga Partners 
Zais Group

Top Unsecured Creditors

12

=== page 14 ===
Case 25-11195-JKS    Doc 204-2    Filed 07/23/25    Page 14 of 18

Acoustic LP 
Adworks Ltd 
Ahead Inc 
Aimwel B.V. 
Akin Gump Strauss Hauer & Feld 
Amplitude Inc 
Appcast Inc 
Appian Corporation 
Brazen Technologies Inc 
Camelot Communications Ltd 
Daymark Solutions Inc 
Equinix Inc 
Everlong Media LLC 
Getty Images Inc 
Google LLC 
Ikokas Technologies Private Ltd 
Iron Mountain Inc 
Jobcase Inc 
Jobget Inc 
Jobverse Inc.

Joveo Inc 
Microsoft Online Inc 
Morgan Lewis & Bockius LLP 
Nexxt Inc 
Okta Inc 
Oracle America Inc 
Pwc Us Tax LLP 
Quality Technology Services 
Rackspace Us Inc 
Recruitics Inc 
Salesforce.Com Inc 
Secureit Consulting Group Inc 
Skadden Arps Slate Meagher Flom 
Talroo Inc 
Tanzilli Sociedade De Advogado 
Textkernel BV 
Vedder Price PC 
Velaro Inc 
Verinext Corp 
Winston & Strawn LLP

UCC Lien Search

Dell Financial Services L,L,C. 
Greatamerica Financial Services 
Corporation 
Randstad MWW Solutions Inc., As 
Collateral Agent 
Verinext Capital, LLC 
Wells Fargo Financial Leasing, Inc.  
Wilmington Trust, National Association, As 
Collateral Agent

13

=== page 15 ===
Case 25-11195-JKS    Doc 204-2    Filed 07/23/25    Page 15 of 18

SCHEDULE 2

=== page 16 ===
Case 25-11195-JKS    Doc 204-2    Filed 07/23/25    Page 16 of 18

Potential Connections or Related Parties1


In the ordinary course of its financial advisory practice, M3 Advisory Partners, LP or its senior 
professionals (collectively, “M3”) have recently had and/or currently have relationships with 
various law firms, accounting firms, financial advisory firms, claims agents, and other 
professionals and service providers, as well as affiliates of the foregoing who are listed on 
Schedule 1 (the “Debtor Disclosure Schedule”) as parties-in-interest in these proceedings 
(each, an “Ancillary Entity”). Such relationships have included, among other things, M3 or its 
senior professionals2 serving as an advisor to clients in engagements where (a) such client was 
or is represented by one or more Ancillary Entities or (b) one or more Ancillary Entities has 
represented or currently represents one or more parties-in-interest who are not clients of M3. 
Additionally, certain of the Ancillary Entities may have retained, or been retained by M3 and 
its affiliates, in the recent past with respect to matters unrelated to the Debtors and their 
bankruptcy cases.  The Persons shown on the Debtor Disclosure Schedule who constitute (or 
whose affiliates constitute) Ancillary Entities include, without limitation, Akin Gump Strauss 
Hauer & Feld; Alix Partners; Latham & Watkins LLP; Morgan Lewis & Bockius LLP;   Norton 
Rose Fulbright US LLP; Omni Agent Solutions, Inc.; Paul Hastings; PJT Partners LP; PWC US 
Tax LLP; Richards, Layton & Finger, P.A.; Skadden Arps Slate Meagher & Flom; Vedder Price 
P.C.; Winston & Strawn LLP; and Young Conaway Stargatt & Taylor, LL.  To the best 
knowledge of the senior professionals at M3 on the date hereof, such relationships have been 
unrelated to the Debtors, do not create interests adverse to the Debtors and are not in connection 
with these proceedings.


M3 has currently has or recently has had relationships with various bank and non-bank lenders, 
trustees, other financial institutions acting in various capacities, and other equity and debt 
financing sources, as well as affiliates of any of the foregoing, who are listed on the Debtor 
Disclosure Schedule as parties-in-interest to these proceedings (collectively, the “Financial 
Institutions”).  Such relationships may include, among other things, (a) a direct relationship 
between M3 and one or more of the Financial Institutions, (b) M3 advising Persons who 
themselves have relationships with such Financial Institutions and (c) M3 being involved in a 
proceeding or other engagement in which one or more Financial Institutions was separately a 
party-in-interest (the parties-in-interest described in clauses (a), (b) and (c) collectively, 
“Ancillary Institutions”).  Such Ancillary Institutions include, without limitation:  Apollo 
Global Management, Inc. / Apollo Special Situations Fund, L..P; Arbour Lane;  Arrowmark; 
Bank of America; Blue Torch Capital; Canaras; Cerberus; Ellington; FourSixThree; HIG 
Capital LLC; Investcorp; Morgan Stanley; Wells Fargo Financial Leasing, Inc.; and 
Wilmington Trust, National Association.  To the best knowledge of the senior professionals at

1 References in this Schedule to parties-in-interest with which M3 currently has or recently has had relationships in 
any category described above are not exclusive and the party-in-interest or an affiliate thereof also may have other 
relationships with M3 in the same or other categories without specific identification.  All disclosures contained herein 
are made to the knowledge of M3 based upon parties-in-interest disclosures provided in various engagements and 
other information of which the senior professionals at M3 have actual knowledge.  For purposes of this Schedule, 
the term “Persons” shall include entities and natural persons and any reference to a specific Person shall be deemed 
to also be a reference to affiliates of such Person.

2 For purposes of this Schedule, the term “senior professionals” refers to Managing Directors and Directors of M3.

1

=== page 17 ===
Case 25-11195-JKS    Doc 204-2    Filed 07/23/25    Page 17 of 18

M3 on the date hereof, such relationships have been unrelated to the Debtors, do not create 
interests adverse to the Debtors and are not in connection with these proceedings.


CareerBuilder was identified as a “Services Contract Counterparty” in the bankruptcy 
proceedings of Party City.  M3 serves as financial advisor to the Official Committee of 
Unsecured Creditors in such proceeding.  To the best knowledge of the senior professionals at 
M3 on the date hereof, such relationships have been unrelated to the Debtors, do not create 
interests adverse to the Debtors and are not in connection with these proceedings.


An affiliate of one of the parties identified as a “Lender” on the Debtor Disclosure Schedule 
was an investor in a transaction sponsored by an affiliate of M3 and certain other parties, but 
exited the transaction in 2022.  M3 has a contractual obligation to maintain the confidentiality 
of the identity of that investor.  To the best knowledge of the senior professionals at M3 on the 
date hereof, such relationships have been unrelated to the Debtors, do not create interests 
adverse to the Debtors and are not in connection with these proceedings.


M3 currently purchases or recently has purchased goods and services in the ordinary course of 
business and in the open market from vendors who are listed on the Debtor Disclosure Schedule 
as parties-in-interest to these proceedings.  Similarly, clients of M3, and debtors and parties-in-
interest with respect to matters in which M3 is currently involved or recently has been involved 
in various capacities, also purchase or recently have purchased, or sell or recently have sold, 
goods and services in the ordinary course of business and in the open market from or to certain 
of the Persons listed on the Debtor Disclosure Schedule as parties-in-interest to these 
proceedings.  To the best knowledge of the senior professionals at M3 on the date hereof, such 
relationships have been unrelated to the Debtors, do not create interests adverse to the Debtors 
and are not in connection with these proceedings.


M3 currently serves or recently has served as a financial advisor to various Persons which have 
(a) purchased, or currently purchase, insurance (including, without limitation, health and similar 
insurance), suretyship, employment benefits services, or utilities from, (b) leased property or 
assets from landlords or lease counterparties who are, or (c) recently have been or are subject 
to the taxing or other regulatory authority of, Persons listed on the Debtor Disclosure Schedule 
as parties-in-interest to these proceedings.  In addition, M3 itself purchases or has recently 
purchased insurance, suretyship, employments benefits services or utilities from, or currently 
or recently has leased property or assets from, or is or recently has been subject to the taxing or 
other regulatory authority of, Persons who are listed on the Debtor Disclosure Schedule as 
parties-in-interest to these proceedings. To the best knowledge of the senior professionals at M3 
on the date hereof, such relationships have been unrelated to the Debtors, do not create interests 
adverse to the Debtors and are not in connection with these proceedings.


In the ordinary course of its business, M3 provides services to Persons currently or recently 
conducting, or involved in, bankruptcy proceedings in various federal bankruptcy courts in the 
United States.  In connection with these proceedings and otherwise in the ordinary course of its 
business, M3 interacts with Judges and personnel of the United States Bankruptcy Courts and 
personnel of the Office of the United States Trustee in various jurisdictions, including, without 
limitation, those of the District of Delaware.  To the best knowledge of the senior professionals

2

=== page 18 ===
Case 25-11195-JKS    Doc 204-2    Filed 07/23/25    Page 18 of 18

at M3 on the date hereof, such relationships have been unrelated to the Debtors, do not create 
interests adverse to the Debtors and are not in connection with these proceedings.

3

