=== page 1 ===
Case 25-11195-JKS    Doc 207    Filed 07/24/25    Page 1 of 12

IN THE UNITED STATES BANKRUPTCY COURT

FOR THE DISTRICT OF DELAWARE

---------------------------------------------------------

In re:

Chapter 11

ZEN JV, LLC, et al.,1

Case No. 25-11195 (JKS)

Debtors.

(Jointly Administered)

Obj. Deadline: Aug. 7, 2025 at 4:00 p.m. (ET) 
Hearing Date: Aug. 21, 2025 at 1:00 p.m. (ET)

---------------------------------------------------------

x 
: 
: 
: 
: 
: 
: 
: 
: 
: 
x

DEBTORS’ APPLICATION FOR ENTRY OF AN ORDER AUTHORIZING THE

EMPLOYMENT AND RETENTION OF LATHAM & WATKINS LLP  
AS BANKRUPTCY COUNSEL EFFECTIVE AS OF THE PETITION DATE

The above-captioned debtors and debtors in possession (collectively, the “Debtors”)

respectfully request entry of an order authorizing the Debtors to employ and retain Latham &

Watkins LLP (“Latham”), effective as of the Petition Date (as defined below).  In support of this

application (the “Application”), the Debtors rely on and incorporate by reference (a) the

declaration of Ray C. Schrock, a partner of Latham, which is attached hereto as Exhibit B (the

“Schrock Declaration”), and (b) the declaration of Sheri Davis, the General Counsel of the

Debtors, which is attached hereto as Exhibit C (the “Retention Declaration”).  In further support

of this Application, the Debtors respectfully represent as follows:

JURISDICTION AND VENUE

1. 
This Court has jurisdiction to consider this Application pursuant to 28 U.S.C.

§§ 157 and 1334 and the Amended Standing Order of Reference from the United States District

1  The Debtors in these cases, along with the last four digits of each debtor’s federal tax identification number (to the 
extent applicable), are:  Zen JV, LLC (0225); Monster Worldwide LLC (6555); FastWeb, LLC; Monster 
Government Solutions, LLC (5762); Camaro Acquisition, LLC; CareerBuilder, LLC (6495); CareerBuilder 
Government Solutions, LLC (6426); Luceo Solutions, LLC (4426); CareerBuilder France Holding, LLC (9339); 
and Military Advantage, LLC (9508).  The Debtors’ address is 200 N LaSalle Street #900, Chicago, IL 60601.

RLF1 33353099v.1

=== page 2 ===
Case 25-11195-JKS    Doc 207    Filed 07/24/25    Page 2 of 12

Court for the District of Delaware, dated February 29, 2012.  This matter is a core proceeding

within the meaning of 28 U.S.C. § 157(b).  Pursuant to Rule 9013-1(f) of the Local Rules of

Bankruptcy Practice and Procedure of the United States Bankruptcy Court for the District of

Delaware (the “Local Rules”), the Debtors consent to the entry of a final order or judgment by the

Court in connection with this Application if it is later determined that the Court, absent consent of

the parties, cannot enter final orders or judgments consistent with Article III of the United States

Constitution.  Venue in this district is proper under 28 U.S.C. §§ 1408 and 1409.

2. 
The statutory and legal predicates for the relief requested herein are section 327(a)

of title 11 of the United States Code (the “Bankruptcy Code”), Rules 2014 and 2016 of the Federal

Rules of Bankruptcy Procedure (the “Bankruptcy Rules”), and Local Rules 2014-1 and 2016-1.

BACKGROUND

3. 
On June 24, 2025 (the “Petition Date”), the Debtors each commenced with this

Court a voluntary case under chapter 11 of the Bankruptcy Code (collectively, the “Chapter 11

Cases”).  The Debtors are authorized to continue to operate their business and manage their

properties as debtors in possession pursuant to sections 1107(a) and 1108 of the Bankruptcy Code.

4. 
No trustee or examiner has been appointed in these Chapter 11 Cases.  On July 2,

2025, the United States Trustee for the District of Delaware (the “U.S. Trustee”) appointed an

official committee of unsecured creditors (the “Creditors Committee”) [Docket No. 65].

5. 
The Debtors’ chapter 11 cases are being jointly administered pursuant to

Bankruptcy Rule 1015(b) and Rule 1015-1 of the Local Rules of the United States Bankruptcy

Court for the District of Delaware (the “Local Bankruptcy Rules”).

6. 
Additional information regarding the Debtors’ business and capital structure and

the circumstances leading to the commencement of these chapter 11 cases is set forth in the

2 
RLF1 33353099v.1

=== page 3 ===
Case 25-11195-JKS    Doc 207    Filed 07/24/25    Page 3 of 12

Declaration of Michael Suhajda, Chief Financial Officer, in Support of Chapter 11 Petitions and

First Day Pleadings [Docket No. 36], filed on June 26, 2026.

RELIEF REQUESTED

7. 
The Debtors seek entry of an order (the “Order”), substantially in the form attached

hereto as Exhibit A, authorizing the employment and retention of Latham as counsel for the

Debtors, effective as of the Petition Date, in accordance with the terms and conditions of that

certain engagement letter dated as of May 22, 2025 (the “Engagement Letter”), a copy of which

is attached as Exhibit 1 to the Schrock Declaration and incorporated herein by reference.

LATHAM’S QUALIFICATIONS

8. 
The Debtors seek to retain Latham because of Latham’s recognized expertise and

extensive experience and knowledge practicing before bankruptcy courts in large and complex

chapter 11 cases and because of Latham’s knowledge of the Debtors’ business and financial affairs.

9. Latham and its partners have represented numerous debtors in their bankruptcy matters,

including 2U, Inc., Allen Systems Group, Inc., Alta Mesa Resources, Inc., Audacy, Inc., Barretts

Minerals, Inc., Chaparral Energy, Inc., Dayton Superior Corporation, DNIB Unwind, Inc. (f/k/a

BIND Therapeutics, Inc.), DocuData Solutions, Emerge Energy Services LP, Enduro Resource

Partners LLC, First Mode Holdings, Global Eagle Entertainment Inc., GNC Holdings, Inc., Hexion

Holdings LLC, Hi-Crush Inc., IG Design Group Americas, Illinois Power Generating Company,

Imerys Talc America, Inc., JOANN Inc., Libbey Glass Inc., Lincoln Power, L.L.C., Lonestar

Resources US Inc., Lucky Brand Dungarees, LLC, Lumileds Holding B.V., Mallinckrodt plc,

MLCJR LLC, Monitronics International, Inc., Nine Point Energy Holdings, Inc., Pacific Drilling

S.A., Paddock Enterprises, LLC, Panda Temple Power, LLC, Rentech WP U.S. Inc., Robertshaw

US Holding Corp., Sable Permian Resources, LLC, Sienna Biopharmaceuticals, Inc., Starry Group

Holdings, Inc., Stone Energy Corporation, Sundance Energy Inc., Superior Energy Services, Inc.,

3 
RLF1 33353099v.1

=== page 4 ===
Case 25-11195-JKS    Doc 207    Filed 07/24/25    Page 4 of 12

The Container Store Group, Inc., Virgin Orbit Holdings, Inc., Vital Pharmaceuticals, Inc.,

Weatherford International plc., and Wolfspeed, Inc.

10. 
Moreover, since May 2025, the Debtors and Latham have worked together closely

in an effort to respond to the Debtors’ financial circumstances, including by engaging in

negotiations with the Debtors’ major creditors and potential strategic partners concerning the

Debtors’ restructuring options, negotiating purchase agreements in connection with the sale of the

Debtors’ assets, securing debtor-in-possession financing, and by assisting the Debtors in all aspects

of preparing the Chapter 11 Cases. As a result, Latham possesses valuable knowledge of the

Debtors’ business affairs and capital structure and has gained insight into many of the intricacies

and unique challenges that might arise and that the Debtors need to navigate during the Chapter

11 Cases.  Accordingly, the Debtors believe that Latham is both well-qualified and uniquely able

to represent them in the Chapter 11 Cases and that such representation is critical to the Debtors’

efforts to maximize value for their estates.

SERVICES TO BE PROVIDED

11. 
The Debtors desire to employ Latham because of, among other reasons, the nature

of the legal services that will be required in connection with the Chapter 11 Cases.  To engage

alternative counsel at this stage of the Debtors’ cases would be tremendously disruptive and would

derail the timeline approved by the Court and supported by all key stakeholders as necessary for a

successful sale process.

12. 
Consistent with the Engagement Letter, the Debtors seek to engage Latham to

provide the following legal services during the Chapter 11 Cases:

a. 
advise the Debtors with respect to their powers and duties as debtors in 
possession in the continued management and operation of their businesses 
and properties;

4 
RLF1 33353099v.1

=== page 5 ===
Case 25-11195-JKS    Doc 207    Filed 07/24/25    Page 5 of 12

b. 
advise and consult on the conduct of the Chapter 11 Cases, including all of 
the legal and administrative requirements of operating in chapter 11;

c. 
advise the Debtors and take all necessary action to protect and preserve the 
Debtors’ estates, including prosecuting actions on the Debtors’ behalf, 
defending any action commenced against the Debtors, and representing the 
Debtors’ interests in negotiations concerning litigation in which the Debtors 
are involved;

d. 
analyze proofs of claim filed against the Debtors and object to such claims 
as necessary;

e. 
represent the Debtors in connection with obtaining authority to continue 
using cash collateral and postpetition financing;

f. 
attend meetings and negotiate with representatives of creditors, interest 
holders, and other parties in interest;

g. 
analyze executory contracts and unexpired leases and potential 
assumptions, assignments, or rejections of such contracts and leases;

h. 
prepare pleadings in connection with the Chapter 11 Cases, including 
motions, applications, answers, orders, reports, and papers necessary or 
otherwise beneficial to the administration of the Debtors’ estates;

i. 
advise the Debtors in connection with any potential sale of assets;

j. 
take necessary action on behalf of the Debtors to obtain approval of a 
disclosure statement and confirmation of a chapter 11 plan;

k. 
appear before this Court or any appellate courts to protect the interests of 
the Debtors’ estates before those courts;

l. 
advise on corporate, litigation, finance, tax, employee benefits, and other 
legal matters; and

m. 
perform all other necessary legal services for the Debtors in connection 
with the Chapter 11 Cases.

13. 
Concurrently with the filing of this Application, the Debtors filed an application to

retain Richards, Layton & Finger, PA (“RLF”) as their bankruptcy co-counsel.  Because Latham

and RLF will have well-defined and distinct roles, each counsel will not duplicate the services the

other provides to the Debtors.  Latham will coordinate with RLF and any other counsel the Debtors

5 
RLF1 33353099v.1

=== page 6 ===
Case 25-11195-JKS    Doc 207    Filed 07/24/25    Page 6 of 12

retain in the Chapter 11 Cases to ensure that the legal services each firm provides to the Debtors

are not duplicative.

14. 
The Debtors also have filed or intend to file applications to employ (a) PJT Partners,

as investment banker; (b) AlixPartners, as financial advisor; and (c) Omni Agent Solutions as

claims and noticing agent and as administrative advisor in the Chapter 11 Cases.  Latham has

advised the Debtors that it intends to monitor carefully the efforts of these other retained

professionals and coordinate with such professionals to delineate clearly their respective duties in

order to prevent duplication of effort, whenever possible.  The efficient coordination of the efforts

of the Debtors’ attorneys and other professionals will greatly add to the effective administration of

the Chapter 11 Cases.

PROFESSIONAL COMPENSATION

15. 
Latham operates in a national marketplace for legal services in which rates are

driven by multiple factors relating to the individual lawyer, his or her area of specialization, the

firm’s expertise, performance, and reputation, the nature of the work involved, and other factors.

Latham’s hourly rates are designed to compensate Latham fairly for the work of its attorneys and

paralegals and to cover fixed and routine overhead expenses.

16. 
Latham’s current hourly rates are set forth in the Schrock Declaration, along with

the names and rates of the attorneys with primary responsibility for providing services to the

Debtors.  Hourly rates vary with the experience and seniority of the individuals assigned and are

subject to periodic adjustments to reflect economic and other conditions.2  Except as may otherwise

2   Latham increases the hourly billing rate of attorneys and paraprofessionals in the form of (a) step increases 
historically awarded in the ordinary course of business on the basis of advancing seniority and promotion and 
(b) periodic increases (typically annually, in January of each year) within each attorney’s and paraprofessional’s 
current level of seniority.  The step increases do not constitute “rate increases” (as the term is used in the U.S. 
Trustee Guidelines (as defined below)).  As set forth in the Order, Latham will provide ten business-days’ notice

6 
RLF1 33353099v.1

=== page 7 ===
Case 25-11195-JKS    Doc 207    Filed 07/24/25    Page 7 of 12

be set forth in the Schrock Declaration, Latham did not agree to any variations from, or alternatives

to, its standard or customary billing arrangements for this engagement, and none of the

professionals included in this engagement will vary his or her rate based on the geographic location

of the Chapter 11 Cases.

17. 
Other than (a) the periodic adjustments described above and as set forth in the

Schrock Declaration and (b) a postpetition 50% discount applied to rates charged for non-working

travel time, Latham’s hourly rates and the financial terms of the engagement proposed herein are

consistent with the rates and terms of Latham’s prepetition engagement.  As described in the

Retention Declaration, the Debtors have reviewed and approved Latham’s standard rate structure

and determined that it is appropriate and comparable to (a) the rates that Latham charges for non-

bankruptcy representations or (b) the rates of other comparably skilled professionals.

18. 
Consistent with the Engagement Letter and Latham’s policy with respect to its other

clients, Latham will continue to charge the Debtors for all services provided and for other charges

and disbursements incurred in the rendition of services.  It is Latham’s policy to charge its clients

in all areas of practice for identifiable, non-overhead expenses incurred in connection with the

client’s case that would not have been incurred except for representation of that particular client.

It is also Latham’s policy to charge its clients only the amount actually incurred by Latham in

connection with such items.

19. 
During the Chapter 11 Cases, Latham will apply to the Court for allowance of

compensation for professional services rendered and reimbursement of expenses incurred in the

Chapter 11 Cases in accordance with applicable provisions of the Bankruptcy Code, the

to the Debtors, the U.S. Trustee, and any official committee before implementing any periodic increases, and will 
file any such notice with the Court.

7 
RLF1 33353099v.1

=== page 8 ===
Case 25-11195-JKS    Doc 207    Filed 07/24/25    Page 8 of 12

Bankruptcy Rules, the Local Rules, and any orders entered in the Chapter 11 Cases governing

professional compensation and reimbursement for services rendered and charges and

disbursements incurred.  Such applications will constitute a request for interim payment against

Latham’s reasonable fees and expenses to be determined at the conclusion of the Chapter 11 Cases.

20. 
The Debtors and Latham are developing a prospective budget and staffing plan in

a reasonable effort to comply with any requests for information and additional disclosures that

may be made by the U.S. Trustee.  Pending completion of the foregoing, the Debtors propose to

pay Latham its customary hourly rates in effect from time to time as set forth in the Schrock

Declaration.  The Debtors submit that these rates are reasonable and comply with Appendix B -

Guidelines for Reviewing Applications for Compensation and Reimbursement of Expenses Filed

Under 11 U.S.C. § 330 by Attorneys in Larger Chapter 11 Cases, effective as of November 1,

2013, issued by the Executive Office of the United States Trustee (the “U.S. Trustee Guidelines”).

COMPENSATION RECEIVED BY LATHAM FROM THE DEBTORS

21. 
As set forth in the Schrock Declaration, during the 90-day period to the Petition

Date, Latham received payments and advances (such advances, “Fee Advances”) in the aggregate

amount of $1.85 million for services to be performed and expenses to be incurred, including in

preparation for the commencement of the Chapter 11 Cases.  After the Petition Date, Latham

completed a reconciliation of the prepetition fees and expenses actually incurred against the funds

received by Latham prior to the Petition Date. Latham’s fees for prepetition services rendered and

expenses incurred exhausted any available Fee Advance credit balance such that the balance of the

Fee Advance is $0 and no further amounts are due and owing.3  Accordingly, Latham is not a

creditor of the Debtors.

3  Latham provided a credit accommodation for certain prepetition services provided to the Debtors.

8 
RLF1 33353099v.1

=== page 9 ===
Case 25-11195-JKS    Doc 207    Filed 07/24/25    Page 9 of 12

LATHAM’S DISINTERESTEDNESS

22. 
To the best of the Debtors’ knowledge, and except as otherwise disclosed in the

Schrock Declaration, the partners, counsel, and associates of Latham (a) do not have any

connection with any of the Debtors, their affiliates, their creditors, any other party in interest, the

U.S. Trustee or any person employed in the office of the same, or any judge in the United States

Bankruptcy Court for the District of Delaware or any person employed in the offices of the same;

(b) are “disinterested persons,” as that term is defined in section 101(14) of the Bankruptcy Code,

as modified by section 1107(b) of the Bankruptcy Code; and (c) do not hold or represent any

interest adverse to the Debtors’ estates.  The Debtors will utilize RLF as conflicts counsel, as

necessary, or retain separate conflicts counsel as necessary if neither Latham nor RLF is able to

represent the estate in a particular matter.4

23. 
As disclosed in the Schrock Declaration, Latham has in the past represented,

currently represents, and likely in the future will represent, certain parties in interest in the Chapter

11 Cases.  Except as set forth in the Schrock Declaration, all such representations are or were in

connection with matters wholly unrelated to the Debtors and the Chapter 11 Cases.  Pursuant to

section 327(c) of the Bankruptcy Code, Latham is not disqualified from acting as the Debtors’

counsel merely because it has represented or currently represents certain parties in interest in

matters unrelated to the Chapter 11 Cases.

4   In the event the Debtors seek to employ and retain separate conflicts counsel in connection with the Chapter 11 
Cases to handle matters that the Debtors may encounter that cannot be handled appropriately by Latham or RLF 
because of a conflict of interest, then the Debtors intend that the services of such conflicts counsel shall complement, 
and not duplicate, the services to be rendered by Latham and RLF. Moreover, the responsibilities of such conflicts 
counsel shall be confined to discrete legal matters that are distinct from the matters handled by Latham or RLF.  
Conflicts counsel shall act on its own and will not act under the direct supervision of Latham.  Indeed, the Debtors 
are extremely mindful of the need to avoid duplication of services and appropriate procedures will be implemented 
to ensure that there is no such duplication.

9 
RLF1 33353099v.1

=== page 10 ===
Case 25-11195-JKS    Doc 207    Filed 07/24/25    Page 10 of 12

24. 
The Debtors understand that Latham will continue to conduct periodic conflicts

analyses to determine whether it is performing or has performed services for any significant parties

in interest in the Chapter 11 Cases and will promptly file a supplemental declaration as required

by Bankruptcy Rule 2014(a) to disclose any material developments regarding the Debtors or any

other pertinent relationships that come to Latham’s attention.

BASIS FOR RELIEF

25. 
The Debtors seek retention and employment of Latham as their counsel pursuant to

section 327(a) of the Bankruptcy Code, which provides that a debtor, subject to Court approval:

[M]ay employ one or more attorneys, accountants, 
appraisers, auctioneers, or other professional persons, that do 
not hold or represent an interest adverse to the estate, and 
that are disinterested persons, to represent or assist the 
[debtor] in carrying out the [debtor]’s duties under this title. 
 
11 U.S.C. § 327(a).

26. 
Bankruptcy Rule 2014(a) requires that an application for retention include:

[S]pecific facts showing the necessity for the employment, 
the name of the [firm] to be employed, the reasons for the 
selection, the professional services to be rendered, any 
proposed arrangement for compensation, and, to the best of 
the applicant’s knowledge, all of the [firm’s] connections 
with the debtor, creditors, any other party in interest, their 
respective attorneys and accountants, the United States 
trustee, or any person employed in the office of the United 
States trustee. 
 
Fed. R. Bankr. P. 2014.

27. 
The Debtors submit that for all the reasons stated above and in the Schrock

Declaration and the Retention Declaration, the retention and employment of Latham is necessary

and in the best interest of the Debtors, their estates, and their creditors and should be approved.

Further, as stated in the Schrock Declaration, Latham is a “disinterested person” within the

meaning of section 101(14) of the Bankruptcy Code, as required by section 327(a) of the

10 
RLF1 33353099v.1

=== page 11 ===
Case 25-11195-JKS    Doc 207    Filed 07/24/25    Page 11 of 12

Bankruptcy Code, and Latham does not hold or represent an interest adverse to the Debtors’ estates

and has no connection to the Debtors, their creditors, or other parties in interest, except as may be

disclosed in the Schrock Declaration.

NOTICE

28. 
Notice of this Application will be provided to (a) the U.S. Trustee; (b) Cole Schotz

P.C., as proposed counsel to the Creditors’ Committee; (c) Norton Rose Fulbright US LLP and

Young Conaway Stargatt & Taylor LLP, as counsel to the DIP Lender; (d) Seward & Kissel LLP,

as counsel to the Prepetition Term Loan Agent; (e) Schulte Roth & Zabel LLP, as counsel to the

Required Prepetition Term Loan Lenders; (f) Jones Day, as counsel to the Prepetition Noteholders;

(g) the Internal Revenue Service; (h) the state attorneys general for states in which the Debtors

conduct business; and (i) all parties entitled to notice pursuant to Bankruptcy Rule 2002.  The

Debtors submit that, under the circumstances, no other or further notice is required.

[Remainder of page intentionally left blank]

11 
RLF1 33353099v.1

=== page 12 ===
Case 25-11195-JKS    Doc 207    Filed 07/24/25    Page 12 of 12

WHEREFORE, the Debtors respectfully request that the Court enter the proposed Order

granting the relief requested in this Application and such other and further relief as the Court may deem

just and proper.

Dated: 
July 24, 2025 
Chicago, Illinois                      
   /s/ Sheri Davis  
Name: Sheri Davis 
Title:   General Counsel

12 
RLF1 33353099v.1

