=== page 1 ===
Case 25-11195-JKS    Doc 207-3    Filed 07/24/25    Page 1 of 46

Exhibit B

Schrock Declaration

RLF1 33353099v.1

=== page 2 ===
Case 25-11195-JKS    Doc 207-3    Filed 07/24/25    Page 2 of 46

IN THE UNITED STATES BANKRUPTCY COURT

FOR THE DISTRICT OF DELAWARE

---------------------------------------------------------

In re:

Chapter 11

ZEN JV, LLC, et al.,1

Case No. 25-11195 (JKS)

Debtors.

(Jointly Administered)

---------------------------------------------------------

x 
: 
: 
: 
: 
: 
: 
: 
x

DECLARATION OF RAY C. SCHROCK AND 
DISCLOSURE STATEMENT OF LATHAM & WATKINS LLP

I, Ray C. Schrock, declare as follows:

1. 
I am a partner in the law firm of Latham & Watkins LLP (“Latham”), an

international law firm with offices across the United States, Europe, and Asia.  I am admitted in,

practicing in, and a member in good standing of the state bars of New York and Illinois, and there

are no disciplinary proceedings pending against me.  I am over the age of eighteen, am authorized

to submit this Declaration, and am competent to testify on the matters contained herein.

2. 
I submit this Declaration to provide disclosure in connection with the Debtors’

Application for Entry of an Order Authorizing the Employment and Retention of Latham &

Watkins LLP as Bankruptcy Counsel Effective as of the Petition Date (the “Application”),2 by

which the above-captioned debtors and debtors-in-possession (together, the “Debtors”) seek

authority to employ and retain Latham as bankruptcy counsel, effective as of the Petition Date.

1  The Debtors in these cases, along with the last four digits of each debtor’s federal tax identification number (to the 
extent applicable), are:  Zen JV, LLC (0225); Monster Worldwide LLC (6555); FastWeb, LLC; Monster 
Government Solutions, LLC (5762); Camaro Acquisition, LLC; CareerBuilder, LLC (6495); CareerBuilder 
Government Solutions, LLC (6426); Luceo Solutions, LLC (4426); CareerBuilder France Holding, LLC (9339); 
and Military Advantage, LLC (9508).  The Debtors’ address is 200 N LaSalle Street #900, Chicago, IL 60601.

2  Capitalized terms used but not defined herein shall have the meanings ascribed to them in the Application.

RLF1 33353099v.1

=== page 3 ===
Case 25-11195-JKS    Doc 207-3    Filed 07/24/25    Page 3 of 46

3. 
Except as otherwise indicated, all facts set forth in this Declaration are based upon

my personal knowledge, information supplied to me by other Latham professionals or

paraprofessionals or learned from my review of relevant documents.  To the extent any information

disclosed herein requires amendment or modification as additional information becomes available

to Latham, a supplemental declaration will be submitted to this Court reflecting such amended or

modified information.

LATHAM’S QUALIFICATIONS

4. 
The Debtors seek to retain Latham because of Latham’s recognized expertise and

extensive experience and knowledge practicing before bankruptcy courts in large and complex

chapter 11 cases and because of Latham’s knowledge of the Debtors’ business and financial affairs.

5. 
Latham and its partners have represented numerous debtors in their bankruptcy

matters, including 2U, Inc., Allen Systems Group, Inc., Alta Mesa Resources, Inc., Audacy, Inc.,

Barretts Minerals, Inc., Chaparral Energy, Inc., Dayton Superior Corporation, DNIB Unwind, Inc.

(f/k/a BIND Therapeutics, Inc.), DocuData Solutions, Emerge Energy Services LP, Enduro

Resource Partners LLC, First Mode Holdings, Global Eagle Entertainment Inc., GNC Holdings,

Inc., Hexion Holdings LLC, Hi-Crush Inc., IG Design Group Americas, Illinois Power Generating

Company, Imerys Talc America, Inc., JOANN Inc., Libbey Glass Inc., Lincoln Power, L.L.C.,

Lonestar Resources US Inc., Lucky Brand Dungarees, LLC, Lumileds Holding B.V., Mallinckrodt

plc, MLCJR LLC, Monitronics International, Inc., Nine Point Energy Holdings, Inc., Pacific

Drilling S.A., Paddock Enterprises, LLC, Panda Temple Power, LLC, Rentech WP U.S. Inc.,

Robertshaw US Holding Corp., Sable Permian Resources, LLC, Sienna Biopharmaceuticals, Inc.,

Starry Group Holdings, Inc., Stone Energy Corporation, Sundance Energy Inc., Superior Energy

2 
RLF1 33353099v.1

=== page 4 ===
Case 25-11195-JKS    Doc 207-3    Filed 07/24/25    Page 4 of 46

Services, Inc., The Container Store Group, Inc., Virgin Orbit Holdings, Inc., Vital

Pharmaceuticals, Inc., Weatherford International plc., and Wolfspeed, Inc.

6. 
I am one of the principal Latham attorneys working on this engagement.  I have

extensive experience in corporate restructurings and have represented debtors, asset purchasers,

bank groups, secured lenders, unsecured creditors, and other parties in both in-court and out-of-

court restructurings, and in related litigation.  Other professionals and paraprofessionals in

Latham’s insolvency practice and in other practice areas, many of whom also have extensive

experience in corporate restructurings generally and debtor representations in chapter 11 cases

specifically, will participate in the representation of the Debtors in the Chapter 11 Cases.

7. 
Moreover, since May 2025, the Debtors and Latham have worked together closely

in an effort to respond to the Debtors’ financial circumstances, including by engaging in

negotiations with the Debtors’ major creditors and potential strategic partners concerning the

Debtors’ restructuring options, negotiating purchase agreements in connection with the sale of the

Debtors’ assets, securing debtor-in-possession financing, and by assisting the Debtors in all aspects

of preparing the Chapter 11 Cases. As a result, Latham possesses valuable knowledge of the

Debtors’ business affairs and capital structure and has gained insight into many of the intricacies

and unique challenges that might arise and that the Debtors need to navigate during the Chapter 11

Cases.

8. 
Accordingly, I believe that Latham is both well-qualified and uniquely able to

represent the Debtors in the Chapter 11 Cases and that such representation will contribute greatly

to the efficient administration of the estates, thereby minimizing expense to the estates and

facilitating the progress of the Chapter 11 Cases.

3 
RLF1 33353099v.1

=== page 5 ===
Case 25-11195-JKS    Doc 207-3    Filed 07/24/25    Page 5 of 46

SERVICES TO BE PROVIDED

9. 
The Debtors desire to employ Latham because of, among other reasons, the nature

of the legal services that will be required in connection with the Chapter 11 Cases.  To engage

alternative counsel at this stage of the Debtors’ cases would be tremendously disruptive and would

derail the accelerated timeline necessary for a successful sale process.

10. 
Consistent with the Engagement Letter, a copy of which is attached as Exhibit 1

hereto, Latham expects to provide, without limitation, the following legal services:

a. 
advise the Debtors with respect to their powers and duties as debtors in 
possession in the continued management and operation of their businesses 
and properties;

b. 
advise and consult on the conduct of the Chapter 11 Cases, including all of 
the legal and administrative requirements of operating in chapter 11;

c. 
advise the Debtors and take all necessary action to protect and preserve the 
Debtors’ estates, including prosecuting actions on the Debtors’ behalf, 
defending any action commenced against the Debtors, and representing the 
Debtors’ interests in negotiations concerning litigation in which the Debtors 
are involved;

d. 
analyze proofs of claim filed against the Debtors and object to such claims 
as necessary;

e. 
represent the Debtors in connection with obtaining authority to continue 
using cash collateral and postpetition financing;

f. 
attend meetings and negotiate with representatives of creditors, interest 
holders, and other parties in interest;

g. 
analyze executory contracts and unexpired leases and potential 
assumptions, assignments, or rejections of such contracts and leases;

h. 
prepare pleadings in connection with the Chapter 11 Cases, including 
motions, applications, answers, orders, reports, and papers necessary or 
otherwise beneficial to the administration of the Debtors’ estates;

i. 
advise the Debtors in connection with any potential sale of assets;

j. 
take necessary action on behalf of the Debtors to obtain approval of a 
disclosure statement and confirmation of a chapter 11 plan;

4 
RLF1 33353099v.1

=== page 6 ===
Case 25-11195-JKS    Doc 207-3    Filed 07/24/25    Page 6 of 46

k. 
appear before this Court or any appellate courts to protect the interests of 
the Debtors’ estates before those courts;

l. 
advise on corporate, litigation, finance, tax, employee benefits, and other 
legal matters; and

m. 
perform all other necessary legal services for the Debtors in connection with 
the Chapter 11 Cases.

11. 
I understand that, concurrently with the filing of the Application, the Debtors filed

an application to retain Richards, Layton & Finger, P.A. (“RLF”) as their bankruptcy counsel and

conflicts counsel.  Because Latham and RLF will have distinct and well-defined roles, each

counsel will not duplicate the services the other provides to the Debtors.  Latham will coordinate

with RLF and any other counsel the Debtors retain in the Chapter 11 Cases to ensure that the legal

services each firm provides to the Debtors are not duplicative.

12. 
The Debtors also have filed or intend to file applications to employ (a) PJT Partners,

as investment banker; (b) AlixPartners, as financial advisor; and (c) Omni Agent Solutions as

claims and noticing agent and as administrative advisor in the Chapter 11 Cases.  Latham intends

to monitor carefully the efforts of these and any other professionals the Debtors retain in the

Chapter 11 Cases and coordinate with such professionals to delineate clearly their respective duties

in order to prevent duplication of effort, whenever possible.

PROFESSIONAL COMPENSATION

13. 
Latham intends to apply to the Court for allowance of compensation for

professional services rendered and reimbursement of expenses incurred in connection with the

Chapter 11 Cases in compliance with sections 330 and 331 of the Bankruptcy Code and applicable

provisions of the Bankruptcy Rules, the Local Rules, and any procedures and orders of the Court.

14. 
Latham operates in a national marketplace for legal services in which rates are

driven by multiple factors relating to the individual lawyer, his or her area of specialization, the

5 
RLF1 33353099v.1

=== page 7 ===
Case 25-11195-JKS    Doc 207-3    Filed 07/24/25    Page 7 of 46

firm’s expertise, performance, and reputation, the nature of the work involved, and other factors.

Latham’s current hourly rates for matters related to the Chapter 11 Cases range as follows:

Billing Category 
Rates 
Partners 
$1,680 to $2,650 
Counsel 
$1,595 to $2,070 
Associates 
$835 to $1,635 
Professional Staff 
$255 to $980 
Paralegals 
$355 to $755

15. 
The principal professionals designated to represent the Debtors and their current

standard hourly rates are as follows:3

Ray C. Schrock 
$2,550 
Candace M. Arthur 
$2,095 
Binyomin Kaplan 
$1,980 
Jonathan Gordon 
$1,635

16. 
Latham’s hourly rates are designed to compensate Latham fairly for the work of its

attorneys and paralegals and to cover fixed and routine overhead expenses.  Hourly rates vary with

the experience and seniority of the individuals assigned and are subject to periodic adjustments to

reflect economic and other conditions (which adjustments will be reflected in the first Latham fee

application following such adjustments).4

17. 
Consistent with the Engagement Letter and Latham’s policy with respect to its other

clients, Latham will continue to charge the Debtors for all services provided and for other charges

and disbursements incurred in the rendition of services.  It is Latham’s policy to charge its clients

in all areas of practice for identifiable, non-overhead expenses incurred in connection with the

client’s case that would not have been incurred except for representation of that particular client.

3  For the avoidance of doubt, the list of professionals in this paragraph 15 is not exclusive; additional Latham 
personnel are expected to render services in connection with this engagement.

4  Latham’s billing rates are usually revised annually, on or around January 1 of each year, as is customary with 
Latham’s policies.  Accordingly, Latham’s billing rates will increase on January 1, 2026.  As set forth in the Order, 
Latham will provide ten business-days’ notice to the Debtors, the U.S. Trustee, and any official committee before 
implementing any periodic increases, and will file any such notice with the Court.

6 
RLF1 33353099v.1

=== page 8 ===
Case 25-11195-JKS    Doc 207-3    Filed 07/24/25    Page 8 of 46

It is also Latham’s policy to charge its clients only the amount actually incurred by Latham in

connection with such items.  These charges and disbursements include (without limitation) costs

for photocopying, electronic data management services, including scanning and document

imaging, travel, travel-related expenses, business meals, computerized research, messengers,

couriers, postage, witness fees, and other fees related to trials and hearings.  Latham professionals

also may charge their overtime meals and overtime transportation to the Debtors consistent with

prepetition practices, and Latham will continue to charge for overtime secretarial charges that arise

out of business necessity.  Latham will charge the Debtors $0.10 per page for standard duplication

in accordance with the Local Rules.

18. 
No promises have been received by Latham, or any partner, counsel, or associate

thereof, as to payment or compensation in connection with the Chapter 11 Cases other than in

accordance with the applicable provisions of the Bankruptcy Code, the Bankruptcy Rules, and the

Local Rules.  Except for sharing arrangements among Latham, its affiliated law practice entities,

and their respective members, in accordance with sections 329 and 504 of the Bankruptcy Code

and Bankruptcy Rule 2016(b), Latham has not entered into any agreements, express or implied,

with any other party in interest, including the Debtors, any creditor, or any attorney for such party

in interest in the Chapter 11 Cases for (a) the purpose of sharing or fixing fees or other

compensation to be paid to any such party in interest or its attorneys for services rendered in

connection therewith, (b) payment of such compensation from the assets of the estates in excess

of the compensation allowed by this Court pursuant to the applicable provisions of the Bankruptcy

Code, or (c) payment of compensation in connection with the Chapter 11 Cases other than in

accordance with the applicable provisions of the Bankruptcy Code.

7 
RLF1 33353099v.1

=== page 9 ===
Case 25-11195-JKS    Doc 207-3    Filed 07/24/25    Page 9 of 46

STATEMENT PURSUANT TO THE U.S. TRUSTEE GUIDELINES

19. 
Latham will make a reasonable effort to comply with the U.S. Trustee’s requests

for information and additional disclosures as set forth in the U.S. Trustee Guidelines, both in

connection with this Application and with any fee applications filed by Latham in the Chapter 11

Cases.

20. 
The following is provided in response to the request for additional information set

forth in Paragraph D.1 of the U.S. Trustee Guidelines:

a. 
Question: Did Latham agree to any variations from, or alternatives to, 
Latham’s standard billing arrangements for this engagement?

Answer: No.

b. 
Question: Do any of the Latham professionals in this engagement vary their 
rate based on the geographic location of the Debtors’ chapter 11 cases?

Answer: No.

c. 
Question: If Latham has represented the Debtors in the 12 months 
prepetition, disclose Latham’s billing rates and material financial terms for 
the prepetition engagement, including any adjustments during the 
12 months prepetition.  If Latham’s billing rates and material financial 
terms have changed postpetition, explain the difference and the reasons for 
the difference.

Answer:  Latham’s current hourly rates for services rendered on behalf of 
the Debtors are set forth above.  Since January 1 of this year, Latham used 
the following rates for services rendered on behalf of the Debtors: $1,875 
to $2,750 for partners; $1,775 to $2,325 for counsel; $975 to $1,760 for 
associates; $650 to $675 for paralegals; and $600 for professional staff.  All 
material financial terms have remained unchanged since such prepetition 
period, except (i) the rates for certain lawyers advising the Debtors in these 
Chapter 11 Cases will be limited by the applicable rate ranges set forth in 
paragraph 14 above and (ii) for a postpetition 50% discount for non-working 
travel time.  In 2024, Latham agreed to a special discount to its rates on a 
one-time basis for non-restructuring work.

8 
RLF1 33353099v.1

=== page 10 ===
Case 25-11195-JKS    Doc 207-3    Filed 07/24/25    Page 10 of 46

d. 
Question: Have the Debtors approved Latham’s budget and staffing plan 
and, if so, for what budget period?

Answer: Latham, in conjunction with the Debtors, is developing a 
prospective budget and staffing plan for the Chapter 11 Cases.

COMPENSATION RECEIVED BY LATHAM FROM THE DEBTORS

21. 
During the 90-day period to the Petition Date, Latham received payments and

advances (such advances, “Fee Advances”) in the aggregate amount of $1.85 million for services

to be performed and expenses to be incurred, including in preparation for the commencement of

the Chapter 11 Cases.  After the Petition Date, Latham completed a reconciliation of the prepetition

fees and expenses actually incurred against the funds received by Latham prior to the Petition Date.

Latham’s fees for prepetition services rendered and expenses incurred exhausted any available Fee

Advance credit balance such that the balance of the Fee Advance is $0 and no further amounts are

due and owing.5  Accordingly, Latham is not a creditor of the Debtors.

Payment

Payment

Amount

Fee Advance

Transaction 
Invoice

Date

Date

Amount 
Invoiced

Type

Paid

Balance

$0.00

Invoice 
5/29/2025 
 
$250,000.00 
Fee 
Advance

Advance 
Payment

6/6/2025 
 
Fee 
Advance 
$250,000.00 
$250,000.00

$250,000.00

Invoice 
6/10/2025 
 
$400,000.00 
Fee 
Advance

Advance 
Payment

6/12/2025 
 
Fee 
Advance 
$400,000.00 
$650,000.00

$650,000.00

Invoice 
6/16/2025 
 
$600,000.00 
Fee 
Advance

Invoice 
6/17/2025 
6/17/2025 
$338,460.72

$338,460.72 
$311,539.28

Fee 
Advance 
Application

Advance 
Payment

6/18/2025 
 
Fee 
Advance  
$600,000.00 
$911,539.28

5  Latham provided a credit accommodation for certain prepetition services provided to the Debtors.

9 
RLF1 33353099v.1

=== page 11 ===
Case 25-11195-JKS    Doc 207-3    Filed 07/24/25    Page 11 of 46

Invoice 
6/18/2025 
6/18/2025 
$899,405.00

$899,405.00  
$12,134.28

Fee 
Advance 
Application

$12,134.28

Invoice 
6/19/2025 
 
$600,000.00 
Fee 
Advance

Advance 
Payment

6/20/2025 
 
Fee 
Advance  
$600,000.00 
$612,134.28

Invoice 
7/9/2025 
7/9/2025 
$612,134.28

$612,134.28  
$0.00

Fee 
Advance 
Application

DISINTERESTEDNESS

22. 
In preparing this Declaration, I used a set of procedures developed by Latham to

ensure compliance with the requirements of the Bankruptcy Code, the Bankruptcy Rules, and the

Local Rules regarding the retention of professionals by a debtor under the Bankruptcy Code (the

“Firm Disclosure Procedures”).  Pursuant to the Firm Disclosure Procedures, I performed, or

caused to be performed, the following actions to identify the parties relevant to this Declaration

and to ascertain Latham’s connection to such parties:

a. 
The following comprehensive list (the “Retention Checklist”) of the types 
of entities that may have contacts with the Debtors was developed through 
discussions with the Latham attorneys who have provided services to the 
Debtors and in consultation with the advisors to and senior management of 
the Debtors:

(i) 
Debtors, Subsidiaries and Affiliated Entities 
(ii) 
Current & Former Directors and Officers 
(iii) 
Direct and Indirect Equity Holders 
(iv) 
Term Loan Lender 
(v) 
Noteholders 
(vi) 
Litigants 
(vii) 
Professionals 
(viii) Agents 
(ix) 
Tax Authorities 
(x) 
Insurers  
(xi) 
Landlords 
(xii) 
Ordinary Course Professionals 
(xiii) Banks 
(xiv) Benefits Providers and Administrators

10 
RLF1 33353099v.1

=== page 12 ===
Case 25-11195-JKS    Doc 207-3    Filed 07/24/25    Page 12 of 46

(xv) 
Parties Subject to UCC Lien Searches 
(xvi) Top 30 Unsecured Creditors 
(xvii) Letters of Credit Beneficiaries and Guarantors 
(xviii) United States Bankruptcy Judges in the District of Delaware 
(xix) Office of the United States Trustee for the District of Delaware 
(xx) 
Other Parties 
 
b. 
Latham obtained information responsive to the Retention Checklist through 
several inquiries of the Debtors’ senior management and advisors and 
review of documents provided by the Debtors to Latham.  Latham then used 
that information, together with other information identified by Latham, to 
compile a list of the names of entities that may be parties in interest in the 
Chapter 11 Cases (the “Potential Parties in Interest”), as set forth on 
Appendix 1 hereto.6  The information listed on Appendix 1 may have 
changed without my knowledge and may change during the pendency of the 
Chapter 11 Cases.  Latham will update this Declaration, as described below, 
when Latham becomes aware of new material information.

c. 
Latham maintains a master client database as part of its conflict clearance 
and billing records. The master client database includes the names of the 
entities for which any attorney time charges have been billed since the 
database was first created (the “Client Database”). The Client Database 
includes the names of all current and former clients, the names of the parties 
who are or were related or adverse to such current and former clients, and 
the names of the Latham personnel who are or were responsible for current 
or former matters for such clients.  Latham policy is that no new matter may 
be accepted or opened within Latham without completing and submitting to 
those charged with maintaining the conflict clearance system the 
information necessary to check each such matter for conflicts, including the 
identity of the prospective client, the name of the matter, adverse parties, 
and, in some cases, parties related to the client or to an adverse party. 
Accordingly, the database is updated for every new matter undertaken by 
Latham. The accuracy of the system is a function of the completeness and 
accuracy of the information submitted by the attorney opening a new matter.

d. 
Latham compared the names of each of the Potential Parties in Interest to 
client matters in the Client Database for which professional time was 
recorded during the three years prior to the Petition Date and compiled a list 
of any matches generated by the comparison (the “Client Match List”).  
The Client Match List is set forth on Appendix 2 hereto.7

6 The entities included on the list of Potential Parties in Interest (and the categories contained therein) were provided 
by the Debtors to Latham for purposes of a conflict check only and should not be relied upon by any party as a list 
of creditors or for any other purpose.

7 As referenced in Appendix 2, the term “Current Client” refers to an entity listed as a client in Latham’s Client 
Database for whom time has been recorded in the past 12 months and Latham has at least one open matter.  The

11 
RLF1 33353099v.1

=== page 13 ===
Case 25-11195-JKS    Doc 207-3    Filed 07/24/25    Page 13 of 46

e. 
Using information in the Client Database concerning entities on the Client 
Match List and making general and, if applicable, specific inquiries of 
Latham personnel, Latham verified that it does not represent and has not 
represented any entity on the Client Match List in connection with the 
Debtors or the Chapter 11 Cases, except as otherwise disclosed in this 
Declaration.

f. 
In addition, a general inquiry was sent by email to all Latham attorneys to 
determine whether any such individuals or any members of their households 
(i) own or owned any debt or equity securities of the Debtors; (ii) hold or 
held any claim against or interest adverse to the Debtors; (iii) represent or 
represented a client in a matter adverse to the Debtors; (iv) are or were 
officers, directors, or employees of the Debtors; (v) are related to or have 
any connections to Bankruptcy Judges in the District of Delaware; or (vi) 
are related to or have any connections to anyone working in the Office of 
the United States Trustee for the District of Delaware (the “U.S. Trustee”).

23. 
Latham compiled responses to the foregoing inquiries for the purpose of preparing

this Declaration.  Responses to the inquiry described in subparagraph (f) above indicate that, as of

the Petition Date and except as described below, no Latham attorneys or members of their

household: (a) own or owned any debt or equity securities of the Debtors;8 (b) hold or held any

claim against or interest adverse to the Debtors; (c) represent or represented a client in a matter

adverse to the Debtors; (d) are or were officers, directors, or employees of the Debtors; (e) are

related to or have any connections to Bankruptcy Judges in the District of Delaware; or (f) are

related to or have any connections to anyone working in the Office of the U.S. Trustee.

24. 
Of the entities listed on Appendix 2, only Apollo Global Management, Inc.

(“AGMI”) represented more than 1% of Latham’s total client billings for the twelve-month period

ending June 30, 2025 (on a consolidated basis, with other AGMI-related entities).9  AGMI (on a

term “Former Client” refers to an entity listed as a client in Latham’s Client Database for whom time has been 
recorded in the past three years.  Latham does not disclose connections if time was recorded more than three years 
before the Petition Date.

8  Certain Latham attorneys or members of the households of Latham attorneys may unknowingly hold interests in 
the Debtors in blind, discretionary accounts, exchange-traded funds, or mutual funds.

9  According to Latham’s records as of July 4, 2025.  Latham will provide the exact percentage of total client billings 
that this entity represents to the U.S. Trustee on a confidential basis upon request.

12 
RLF1 33353099v.1

=== page 14 ===
Case 25-11195-JKS    Doc 207-3    Filed 07/24/25    Page 14 of 46

consolidated basis), however, does not represent more than 2.0% of Latham’s total client billings

for such twelve-month period.

25. 
Latham will not represent the Debtors in an adversary proceeding commenced

against any client of Latham unless Latham has an applicable waiver on file or first receives a

waiver from such entity allowing Latham to commence such an action.  To the extent that a waiver

does not exist or is not obtained from such entity and it is necessary for the Debtors to commence

an adversary proceeding against that entity, the Debtors will employ RLF or retain separate

conflicts counsel to represent them in that particular matter.  In addition, Latham will not represent

any client on any matter adverse to the Debtors or their estates while retained as the Debtors’

counsel in the Chapter 11 Cases.

26. 
Latham will periodically review its files during the pendency of the Chapter 11

Cases to ensure that no conflicts or other disqualifying circumstances exist or arise.  If any relevant

facts or relationships are discovered or arise, Latham will use reasonable efforts to identify such

further developments and will promptly file a supplemental declaration as required by Bankruptcy

Rule 2014(a).  In that regard, Latham intends to disclose clients in the capacity that they first

appear in a conflicts search.  For example, if a client has already been disclosed in this Declaration

in one capacity (e.g., a bank), and the client appears in a subsequent conflicts search in a different

capacity (e.g., a bondholder), then Latham does not intend to disclose the same client again in

supplemental declarations, unless the circumstances are such in the latter capacity that additional

disclosure is required.

27. 
Except as set forth herein, and based upon the information available to me, neither

I, nor Latham, nor any partner or associate thereof, insofar as I have been able to ascertain, holds

or represents any interest adverse to the Debtors or their estates.  Based on the foregoing and to

13 
RLF1 33353099v.1

=== page 15 ===
Case 25-11195-JKS    Doc 207-3    Filed 07/24/25    Page 15 of 46

the best of my knowledge, I believe that: (a) Latham is a “disinterested person” within the meaning

of section 101(14) of the Bankruptcy Code, as required by section 327(a) of the Bankruptcy Code;

and (b) Latham has no connection to the Debtors, their creditors, or their related parties except as

may be disclosed in this Declaration (as supplemented from time-to-time).  The proposed

engagement of Latham is not prohibited by or improper under Bankruptcy Rule 5002(a).

SPECIFIC DISCLOSURES

28. 
As specifically set forth below and in Appendix 2, Latham represents or has

represented certain of the Debtors’ lenders, equity security holders, professionals, or other

Potential Parties in Interest in matters unrelated to the Debtors and the Chapter 11 Cases.  Except

as set forth below, none of the representations or relationships described herein is adverse to the

interests of the Debtors or their estates.  Moreover, pursuant to section 327(c) of the Bankruptcy

Code, Latham is not disqualified from acting as the Debtors’ counsel merely because it represents

or has represented the Debtors’ creditors, equity security holders, professionals, or other Potential

Parties in Interest in matters unrelated to the Debtors or the Chapter 11 Cases.  I do not believe

that Latham’s current and prior representations described herein preclude Latham from being a

disinterested party under the Bankruptcy Code.

Former Representations Adverse to the Debtors

29. 
Latham provided corporate transactional advice (primarily related to antitrust

advice) to CareerBuilder, LLC in connection with its 2004 merger with Monster Worldwide LLC

and related Debtors (the “2024 Merger”).  Latham’s representation in these matters was wholly

unrelated to the Chapter 11 Cases and concluded in September 2024 when the merger was

completed.

30. 
Latham represented Talent Inc. in connection with a potential acquisition of certain

assets from Monster Worldwide LLC and related Debtors.  Latham’s representation in these

14 
RLF1 33353099v.1

=== page 16 ===
Case 25-11195-JKS    Doc 207-3    Filed 07/24/25    Page 16 of 46

matters was wholly unrelated to the Chapter 11 Cases and concluded in approximately April 2024.

Such representation did not result in any transaction.  Latham continues to represent Talent Inc. in

matters unrelated to the Debtors.

31. 
Latham represented Accurate Background LLC in connection with its acquisition

of the Debtors’ former CareerBuilder Employment Screening business.  Latham’s representation

in these matters was wholly unrelated to the Chapter 11 Cases and concluded in March 2020, when

the transaction closed.  Latham continues to represent Accurate Background LLC in matters

unrelated to the Debtors.

32. 
Latham represented Cayla Ventures, Inc. in connection with a potential acquisition

of certain assets from Monster Worldwide LLC and related Debtors.  Latham’s representation in

these matters was wholly unrelated to the Chapter 11 Cases and concluded in approximately 2017.

To the best of my knowledge, such representation did not result in any transaction, and Latham

does not currently represent Cayla Ventures, Inc. in any matters.

33. 
Latham represented Recruit Holdings, Inc. and its subsidiary Indeed, Inc. in

connection with a potential acquisition of CareerBuilder, LLC and related Debtors.  Latham’s

representation in these matters was wholly unrelated to the Chapter 11 Cases and concluded

prepetition in approximately 2021.  Such representation did not result in any transaction.  Latham

continues to represent Recruit Holdings, Inc. and Indeed, Inc. in matters unrelated to the Debtors.

34. 
Latham represented Platinum Equity in connection with a potential acquisition of

CareerBuilder, LLC and related Debtors.  Latham’s representation in these matters was wholly

unrelated to the Chapter 11 Cases and concluded in approximately 2017.  Such representation did

not result in any transaction.  Latham continues to represent Platinum Equity in matters unrelated

to the Debtors.

15 
RLF1 33353099v.1

=== page 17 ===
Case 25-11195-JKS    Doc 207-3    Filed 07/24/25    Page 17 of 46

35. 
Other than the matters described above, Latham has not represented any party in

connection with any matter adverse to the Debtors or related to the Chapter 11 Cases, and Latham

will not represent any party in any such matter while retained as the Debtors’ restructuring counsel.

For the avoidance of doubt, Latham does not currently represent any party in any matter adverse

to the Debtors.  I do not believe that Latham’s past or current representations, including those

specifically addressed above, preclude Latham from being a disinterested party under the

Bankruptcy Code.

Relationships with Significant Lenders

36. 
Latham currently represents or formerly represented certain of the Debtors’ term

loan lenders and/or certain of their affiliates.  Specifically, Latham currently represents, or in the

past has represented, ArrowMark; Cerberus; Constitution Capital; Crescent Capital; Ellington;

Morgan Stanley; Nassau; Saratoga Partners; Wilmington Trust, National Association; and/or

certain of their affiliates (collectively, the “Lenders”) in a number of different matters unrelated

to the Debtors or the Chapter 11 Cases.  The Lenders are prepetition lenders to the Debtors or an

agent under the Debtors’ prepetition credit facilities.  Latham has not represented and will not

represent the Lenders in connection with any matter in the Chapter 11 Cases.

37. 
I do not believe that Latham’s past or current representation of the Lenders in

matters unrelated to the Debtors or the Chapter 11 Cases precludes Latham from being a

disinterested party under the Bankruptcy Code.  In the event that the Debtors and any of the

Lenders become directly adverse to one another in an adversary proceeding in the Chapter 11

Cases, the Debtors will employ conflicts counsel to handle the matter as necessary.

Relationships with Significant Prepetition Direct or Indirect Equity Holders

38. 
Latham currently represents or formerly represented certain of the Debtors’

significant direct or indirect prepetition equity holders and/or certain of their affiliates.

16 
RLF1 33353099v.1

=== page 18 ===
Case 25-11195-JKS    Doc 207-3    Filed 07/24/25    Page 18 of 46

Specifically, Latham currently represents, or in the past has represented, the following direct or

indirect equity holders of the Debtors’ fifty-one percent equity holder Camaro Holdings, LLC:

AGMI; Apollo Special Situations Fund, L.P.; Ontario Teacher’s Pension Plan; and/or certain of

their affiliates (collectively, the “Equity Holders”) in a number of different matters unrelated to

the Debtors and the Chapter 11 Cases.  Latham was introduced to the Debtors by AGMI, which

ultimately resulted in Latham providing corporate advice to CareerBuilder, LLC (an AGMI

portfolio company) in the 2024 Merger and Latham’s representation of the Debtors in connection

with these Chapter 11 Cases.  Latham has not represented and will not represent the Equity Holders

in connection with any matter related to the Chapter 11 Cases.

39. 
I do not believe that Latham’s past or current representation of the Equity Holders

in the foregoing matters precludes Latham from being a disinterested party under the Bankruptcy

Code.  In the event that the Debtors and any of the Equity Holders become directly adverse to one

another in an adversary proceeding in the Chapter 11 Cases, the Debtors will employ conflicts

counsel to handle the matter as necessary.

Connections to Officers and Directors

40. 
Anna Phillips, Daniel Silvers, and Kenneth Shea, who currently serve as

independent board members of Zen JV, LLC, serve, have served, or may in the future serve from

time to time, in various management, consulting, trustee, and/or director capacities of other active

or inactive Latham clients in matters wholly unrelated to the Chapter 11 Cases.  In addition, as

previously discussed, Latham represents AGMI (and certain of its portfolio companies) in matters

unrelated to these Chapter 11 Cases, and AGMI-related personnel may serve, have served, or may

in the future serve in various management, consulting, trustee, and/or director capacities of such

portfolio companies.   I do not believe Latham’s current or prior representations of clients for

17 
RLF1 33353099v.1

=== page 19 ===
Case 25-11195-JKS    Doc 207-3    Filed 07/24/25    Page 19 of 46

which the Debtors’ board members serve or served in management and/or director capacities

precludes Latham from meeting the disinterestedness standard under the Bankruptcy Code.

Relationships with Significant Creditors

41. 
Latham currently represents or formerly represented certain of the Debtors’

significant prepetition creditors or/or certain of their affiliates.  Specifically, Latham currently

represents or in the past has represented Amplitude Inc; Appian Corporation; Microsoft Online

Inc; Okta Inc; Oracle America Inc; Rackspace US Inc; and, Salesforce.com Inc in a number of

different matters unrelated to the Debtors or the Chapter 11 Cases.  I do not believe that Latham’s

past or current representations described in this paragraph preclude Latham from being a

disinterested party under the Bankruptcy Code.  In the event that the Debtors and any such creditor

become directly adverse to one another in an adversary proceeding in the Chapter 11 Cases, the

Debtors will employ conflicts counsel to handle the matter as necessary.

Relationships with Buyers

42. 
Latham currently represents or formerly represented Valsoft Corporation Inc. (one

of the Debtors’ stalking horse bidders) and other potential entities that have submitted to the

Debtors or their advisors indications of interest or bids, or otherwise participated in the Debtors’

marketing and sale processes of the Debtors’ assets, in a number of different matters unrelated to

the Chapter 11 Cases.  Because of the confidential nature of such participation, the applicable

entities are not identified on the Disclosure Schedule.  Except as disclosed herein, such matters

were not adverse to the Debtors.  Latham does not currently represent any such entities in any

matters related to the Debtors, their affiliates, these chapter 11 cases, or a sale of any of the

Debtors’ assets.  Upon request of the Court or the U.S. Trustee, Latham will provide to such parties

the names of such entities and disclose the nature of Latham’s connection therewith, in the same

18 
RLF1 33353099v.1

=== page 20 ===
Case 25-11195-JKS    Doc 207-3    Filed 07/24/25    Page 20 of 46

manner and form as the identifications and disclosures contained in the Disclosure Schedule, on a

confidential basis.  I do not believe that Latham’s past or current representations described in this

paragraph preclude Latham from being a disinterested party under the Bankruptcy Code.  Latham

does not and will not represent any of these parties in connection with the Chapter 11 Cases.

Other Connections to Potential Parties in Interest

43. 
Certain insurance companies pay the legal bills of Latham clients.  Some of these

insurance companies may be involved in the Chapter 11 Cases.  None of these insurance

companies, however, is a Latham client as a result of the fact that it pays legal fees on behalf of a

client of Latham.

44. 
Certain of the parties in interest in the Chapter 11 Cases may be, or previously may

have been, members of ad hoc or official creditors’ committees represented by Latham in matters

unrelated to the Chapter 11 Cases.  In such instances, Latham represented only the committee or

group, and did not represent the creditors in their individual capacities, and no attorney client

relationship exists or existed between Latham and such parties in interest unless specifically noted.

Latham does not and will not represent any of these parties in connection with the Chapter 11

Cases.

45. 
Latham may have represented, and may currently represent, entities that hold or

may in the future hold certain of the Debtors’ debt in beneficial accounts on behalf of unidentified

parties.  Because distressed debt is actively traded in commercial markets, Latham may be unaware

of the actual holder of such debt at any given moment.  Latham also represents numerous entities

in unrelated matters that may buy and/or sell distressed debt, claims, or equity interests of

chapter 11 debtors.  Moreover, from time to time, Latham is engaged by various entities that buy

and/or sell distressed debt to analyze the capital structure of a distressed company based on a

19 
RLF1 33353099v.1

=== page 21 ===
Case 25-11195-JKS    Doc 207-3    Filed 07/24/25    Page 21 of 46

review of publicly available information.  Latham does not undertake such reviews after it has

been engaged to represent any such company, including the Debtors, and does not view any public

debt review as an adverse representation to the Debtors.  Similarly, as a large, international firm,

Latham may represent creditors and/or investors of or parties interested in investing in one or more

parties in interest in these cases.  Latham does not believe these relationships represent interests

adverse to the estate.

46. 
Certain of the Debtors and their non-debtor affiliates or other entities associated

with the Debtors may be creditors of entities that Latham currently represents or has represented

in bankruptcy proceedings or post-effective date claims processes.  Similarly, certain parties in

interest in the Chapter 11 Cases may be current or former Latham restructuring clients.  Latham

will not represent the Debtors, the Debtors’ non-debtor affiliates, or other entities associated with

the Debtors in any matter related to other Latham clients’ bankruptcy proceedings.  Nor will

Latham represent any of its other restructuring clients against the Debtors in any of its other clients’

restructuring matters.  Latham’s other chapter 11 representations are unrelated to the Chapter 11

Cases and the Debtors.  I do not believe these representations preclude Latham from meeting the

disinterestedness standard under the Bankruptcy Code.

Relationships with Other Professionals

47. 
From time to time, Latham has referred work to other professionals to be retained

in the Chapter 11 Cases, and certain such professionals have referred work to Latham.  Also, as

part of its practice, Latham appears in cases, proceedings, and transactions involving many

different attorneys, accountants, financial consultants, and investment bankers, some of whom now

or may in the future represent claimants and other parties in interest in these cases.  Latham has

not represented, and will not represent, any such parties in relation to the Debtors or their Chapter

20 
RLF1 33353099v.1

=== page 22 ===
Case 25-11195-JKS    Doc 207-3    Filed 07/24/25    Page 22 of 46

11 Cases.  Latham does not have any relationship with any such attorneys, accountants, financial

consultants, or investment bankers that would be adverse to the Debtors or their estates.

48. 
Latham currently represents or formerly represented certain of the Debtors’ other

professionals in a number of different matters unrelated to the Debtors and the Chapter 11 Cases.

I do not believe that Latham’s past or current representation of these other professionals in matters

unrelated to the Debtors or the Chapter 11 Cases preclude Latham from being a disinterested party

under the Bankruptcy Code.  In the event that the Debtors and any of the applicable professionals

become directly adverse to one another in an adversary proceeding in the Chapter 11 Cases, the

Debtors will employ conflicts counsel to handle the matter as necessary.

Latham Connections with the Office of the 
United States Trustee for Delaware and Judges for the United States 
Bankruptcy Court for the District of Delaware (and Key Staff Members)

49. 
Certain Latham attorneys and/or personnel (or members of their immediate

families):  (a) previously worked at other law firms, in government services, or for other

employers; (b) have participated and may participate in legal activities; (c) had and have

affiliations through law school, conferences, bar, employment, or other organizations; and/or

(d) may have social interactions or friendships, in each case, involving (x) Judges and/or key staff

members of the United States Bankruptcy Court for the District of Delaware or (y) attorneys or

key staff members of the Office of the United States Trustee for the District of Delaware.  As part

of its standard hiring practices, from time to time, Latham conducts interviews and may make

offers of employment to staff members of the United States Bankruptcy Court for the District of

Delaware, including law clerks.

50. 
I do not believe that the foregoing connections preclude Latham from meeting the

disinterestedness standard under the Bankruptcy Code.

21 
RLF1 33353099v.1

=== page 23 ===
Case 25-11195-JKS    Doc 207-3    Filed 07/24/25    Page 23 of 46

Latham Attorney Investments

51. 
From time to time, Latham partners, counsel, associates, and employees, or

members of the households of the foregoing, personally invest in mutual funds, exchange-traded

funds, retirement funds, private equity funds, venture capital funds, hedge funds, fund of funds,

and other types of investment funds (the “Investment Funds”), through which such individuals

indirectly acquire an interest in debt or equity securities of many companies, one of which may be

one of the Debtors, their creditors, or other parties in interest in the Chapter 11 Cases, often without

Latham’s knowledge.  Each such person generally owns substantially less than one percent of such

Investment Fund, does not manage or otherwise control such Investment Fund, and has no

influence over the Investment Fund’s decision to buy, sell, or vote any particular security.  The

Investment Funds are generally operated as a blind pool, meaning that when such persons make

an investment in an Investment Fund, he, she, or they do not know what securities the blind pool

Investment Fund will purchase or sell and have no control over such purchases or sales.

52. 
From time to time one or more Latham partners voluntarily choose to form an entity

(a “Passive-Intermediary Entity”) to invest in one or more Investment Funds or, in certain

instances, directly in private companies.  Such Passive-Intermediary Entity is comprised only of

persons who were Latham partners or retired partners at the time of the Passive-Intermediary

Entity’s formation (although some may later become former Latham partners), and participation

in such a Passive-Intermediary Entity is wholly voluntary and only a portion of Latham’s partners

choose to participate.  Latham itself does not invest in the Passive-Intermediary Entity.  The

Passive-Intermediary Entity generally owns substantially less than one percent of any underlying

Investment Fund, does not manage or otherwise control such Investment Fund, and has no

influence over the Investment Fund’s decision to buy, sell, or vote any particular security.  Each

22 
RLF1 33353099v.1

=== page 24 ===
Case 25-11195-JKS    Doc 207-3    Filed 07/24/25    Page 24 of 46

Investment Fund in which a Passive-Intermediary Entity invests is operated as a blind pool, so that

the Passive-Intermediary Entity does not know what securities the blind pool Investment Funds

will purchase or sell, and has no control over such purchases or sales.  The Passive-Intermediary

Entities commonly receive periodic statements and communications from the underlying

Investment Funds.  The Latham partners participating in the Passive Intermediary may or may not

know the identity of the Investment Fund’s underlying investments or the identity of the securities

purchased, sold, or held by the Investment Fund.

53. 
Certain of the Passive-Intermediary Entities may make a direct investment into a

private company.  It is my understanding that no Passive-Intermediary Entity has made any direct

investment into the Debtors or otherwise purchased any debt or equity security of the Debtors.  In

addition, as discussed above, the Firm Disclosure Procedures involve sending a general inquiry to

all Latham attorneys to determine whether any such individuals or any members of their

households own or owned any debt or equity securities of the Debtors or hold or held any claim

against or interest adverse to the Debtors, among other things.  Thus far, no response to this general

inquiry has disclosed the ownership of any debt or equity securities of the Debtors or the holding

of any claim against or interest adverse to the Debtors.

54. 
From time to time, Latham partners, counsel, associates, and employees personally

directly acquire a debt or equity security of a company, which may be (or become) one of the

Debtors, their creditors, or other parties in interest in the Chapter 11 Cases.  Latham has a long-

standing policy prohibiting attorneys and employees from using material non-public information

that may come to their attention in the course of their work, so that all Latham attorneys and

employees are barred from trading in securities with respect to which they possess material non-

public information.

23 
RLF1 33353099v.1

=== page 25 ===
Case 25-11195-JKS    Doc 207-3    Filed 07/24/25    Page 25 of 46

OTHER INVESTIGATION AND DISCLOSURE MATTERS

55. 
Latham’s investigation and research of the Potential Parties in Interest has thus far

failed to eliminate the possibility that Potential Parties in Interest other than those listed on

Appendix 2 hereto may be current or former clients of Latham because: (a) the names of the

Potential Parties in Interest are similar to, but not identical to, current or former Latham clients; or

(b) the names of the Potential Parties in Interest are common names that appeared on our conflict

search results, but do not appear to be the same individuals or entities that are parties in interest

herein.

56. 
Although Latham has undertaken, and continues to undertake, extensive efforts to

identify connections with the Debtors and other Potential Parties in Interest, it is possible that

connections with some Potential Parties in Interest have not yet been identified.  Should Latham,

through its continuing efforts, learn of any new connections of the nature discussed herein, Latham

will so advise the Court in a timely manner as soon as reasonably practicable.

57. 
Latham will not, while employed by the Debtors, represent any other entity having

an adverse interest to the Debtors with respect to matters upon which the Debtors seek to retain

Latham during the pendency of the Chapter 11 Cases.

58. 
Insofar as I have been able to ascertain, I know of no conflict of interest that would

preclude Latham’s representation of the Debtors in the Chapter 11 Cases.

59. 
The foregoing constitutes the statement of Latham pursuant to sections 327(a), 329,

and 504 of the Bankruptcy Code and Bankruptcy Rules 2014(a) and 2016(b).

[Signature page follows]

24 
RLF1 33353099v.1

=== page 26 ===
Case 25-11195-JKS    Doc 207-3    Filed 07/24/25    Page 26 of 46

Pursuant to 28 U.S.C. § 1746, to the best of my knowledge, information and belief, and

after reasonable inquiry, I declare under penalty of perjury that the foregoing is true and correct.

Dated: July 24, 2025 
New York, New York

/s/ Ray C. Schrock 
 
Ray C. Schrock

RLF1 33353099v.1

=== page 27 ===
Case 25-11195-JKS    Doc 207-3    Filed 07/24/25    Page 27 of 46

Exhibit 1

Engagement Letter

RLF1 33353099v.1

=== page 28 ===
Case 25-11195-JKS    Doc 207-3    Filed 07/24/25    Page 28 of 46

Ray C. Schrock

1271 Avenue of the Americas

Direct Dial: +1.212.906.1285

New York, New York  10020-1401

Ray.Schrock@lw.com

Tel: +1.212.906.1200  Fax: +1.212.751.4864

www.lw.com

FIRM / AFFILIATE OFFICES

Austin
Milan

Beijing
Munich

Boston
New York

Brussels
Orange County

Century City
Paris

Chicago
Riyadh

May 22, 2025

Dubai
San Diego

Düsseldorf
San Francisco

Frankfurt
Seoul

Hamburg
Silicon Valley

Hong Kong
Singapore

Houston
Tel Aviv

London
Tokyo

Zen JV, LLC
200 N. LaSalle St., Suite 900
Chicago, IL 60601
Attn: Jeffrey Furman

Los Angeles
Washington, D.C.

Madrid

Re:  Engagement Letter

Dear Mr. Furman:

We are pleased to welcome Zen JV, LLC (together with its direct and indirect subsidiaries, 
“Zen JV” or “Client”) as a client of Latham & Watkins LLP (hereinafter referred to as “Latham” 
or the “Firm”).  This letter will confirm our discussions regarding your engagement of our firm.

I.
LEGAL SERVICES.

You have asked us to represent you in connection with exploring, developing and 
implementing strategic restructuring related alternatives, including out-of-court transactions 
and/or in-court proceedings, to address Zen JV’s indebtedness and other liabilities (collectively, 
the “Restructuring Services”).

If we agree to provide additional services beyond those described above, our work will be 
governed by this letter unless superseded by another written agreement.  Our representation is 
limited to the specific services that we agree to undertake.

II.
IDENTITY OF THE CLIENT.

Our client(s) in these matters will be solely Zen JV and, upon conflicts clearance should 
you request we represent them, any of its parent, subsidiary or affiliate entities or constituents 
identified to us in conjunction with these matters, or any such entity directly or indirectly controlled 
by Zen JV as a result of these matters (the “Zen JV Clients”). In addition to Zen JV, LLC the Zen 
JV Clients identified to us to date are identified on Exhibit A of this engagement letter.

We do not represent and will not be deemed to have an attorney-client relationship with, 
nor owe professional duties to, any other of Zen JV Clients’ current or future parents, subsidiaries, 
shareholders, members, joint venture partners, employees, directors, management venturers or 
other affiliates or constituents solely on account of our representation of the Zen JV Clients under 
this engagement letter. This means that we may act adverse to such entities to the same extent as 
would be permissible if we were not engaged to represent the Zen JV Clients.  We are 
distinguishing between the entities and persons who are and are not our clients so that it is clearly

US-DOCS\160069960.1

=== page 29 ===
Case 25-11195-JKS    Doc 207-3    Filed 07/24/25    Page 29 of 46

May 22, 2025
Page 2

understood to whom our various duties as attorneys are owed. If we subsequently agree to represent 
any additional clients after performing a conflicts check, the terms in this engagement letter 
(including, but not limited to terms governing conflicts of interest and arbitration of disputes) will 
apply to that representation unless we enter into a separate written agreement with such additional 
clients.

Because of the extraterritorial reach of Anti-Money Laundering laws in certain 
jurisdictions where Latham practices, we may need to collect identity-verification documentation. 
We will seek to collect any required documentation from publicly-available sources, but may 
request documentation directly from you.

We provide information to clients and others about our experience in particular areas. In 
this context it is helpful to be able to identify particular clients and matters. Of course, we would 
not publicize your matters in a manner that could harm your interests, and even where a matter is 
publicly known, we would not publicize it if you ask us not to do so. We agree to seek your prior 
written consent to our using in our marketing materials (such as pitches, website biographies, 
representative client lists, league tables, etc.) your name and logo in describing publicly known 
and non-sensitive matters we have handled for you, provided, however, that such consent will be 
deemed given to the extent no response is received upon at least five business days’ notice and the 
content is limited to noting that we represented you in connection with the company’s strategic 
restructuring efforts. In the event of a public in-court restructuring process the notice requirement 
in the preceding sentence will be deemed satisfied and consent for use in the marketing materials 
as described above shall be considered obtained.

III.
ROLES OF ATTORNEY AND CLIENT.

Our responsibilities under this agreement are to provide legal services, and to provide 
statements to you that clearly state the basis for our fees and charges.

We will not disclose any confidential information of yours to any other client, even where 
that information might have some bearing on their interests. Likewise, we will not disclose the 
confidences of any other client to you, even where that information might have some bearing on 
your interests, and you agree that we are under no obligation to do so.

You agree to keep us informed of developments related to this representation and to pay 
our statements in a timely manner.

Latham will also check for conflicts of interest on an ongoing basis to ensure we are 
meeting our ethical obligations. The existence of a conflict depends on the parties involved in a 
specific matter, and therefore our engagement is contingent upon a formal clearing of conflicts 
after all interested parties are identified to us. Latham is able to search for conflicts via the firm's 
conflicts database each time a new party becomes involved, or a new matter begins. To allow us 
to conduct a conflicts check, you represent that you have identified or will identify to us all persons 
and entities that are or may become involved in the matters we handle for you, whether affiliated 
with you or not.  We are relying on you to provide us with the names that are potentially relevant

US-DOCS\160069960.1

=== page 30 ===
Case 25-11195-JKS    Doc 207-3    Filed 07/24/25    Page 30 of 46

May 22, 2025
Page 3

to this matter and any future matter in which we are engaged. We cannot identify conflicts in 
relation to individuals or entities whose names we have not searched.

During the course of this engagement, we may express opinions or beliefs to you about the 
effectiveness of various courses of action or about the results that might be anticipated.  Such 
statements are expressions of opinion only, and should not be construed as promises or guarantees.

Please also be aware that Latham has internal ethics and professional responsibility 
counsel, who advise Latham attorneys regarding their ethical, professional and legal duties.  From 
time to time, the attorneys working on your matter may consult these lawyers at no cost to you.  
You acknowledge that any such consultation is protected by Latham's own attorney-client 
privilege, not subject to discovery, and is property of the firm and is not part of the Client File as 
defined in Section IV of this letter.

Certain laws (for example, those relating to money laundering and tax fraud) give power 
to authorities such as the police or tax authorities to inspect client information and take copies of 
documents.  In addition, in specific circumstances, these laws compel us to report information to 
the authorities even in the absence of a request.  It is possible that, at any time, we may be requested 
by these authorities to provide them with access to documents held by our firm, or to attend 
interviews with them in connection with the work we have done for you.  In the unlikely event that 
such a situation arises, we shall comply with the request only to the extent that we believe we are 
bound by law to do so and, insofar as it is practicable, shall notify you of the request or the sharing 
of information. As part of our service to you, we will do our best to protect your interests in those 
circumstances. We reserve the right to disclose any information to our professional indemnity 
insurers, advisers or bankers in connection with the operation of our client account.

IV.
CLIENT FILES AND RETENTION.

In the course of your representation, we shall maintain a file in which we may store 
correspondence, agreements, governmental filings, prospectuses, disclosures, pleadings, 
deposition transcripts, exhibits, physical evidence, expert reports, and other items reasonably 
necessary to your representation (“Client File”), which shall be and remain your property.  Our 
internal communications, preliminary drafts, notes, and mental impressions (“Latham Materials”) 
shall be and remain our property and shall not be considered part of your Client File.  Upon 
completion of a specific project, your original Client File for that project shall be available to you. 
We will be entitled to make copies if we choose, and such copies shall be and remain our property. 
You also agree at the conclusion of the project (whether or not you take possession of the Client 
File) to take possession of any and all original contracts, wills, stock certificates, and other such 
important documents that may be in the Client File and we shall have no further responsibility 
with regard to such documents.

If you do not take possession of the Client File at the conclusion of the project, we will 
store such file for you for at least seven years.  If you do not take possession of the Client File by 
the conclusion of the seven-year period, you relinquish ownership of it and agree that it shall 
become our sole property and we may dispose of it. In addition, in the event we are holding files 
of yours for other matters, you agree that after a seven-year period they shall become our sole

US-DOCS\160069960.1

=== page 31 ===
Case 25-11195-JKS    Doc 207-3    Filed 07/24/25    Page 31 of 46

May 22, 2025
Page 4

property and we may dispose of them. You agree that we may enact and implement reasonable 
retention policies for Latham Materials and that we also have discretion to destroy such materials.

We will retain copyright and knowhow in all documents we draft during the course of our 
work for you, but we grant you a royalty free license to use the documents for your purposes.

V.
CONFLICTS OF INTEREST.

You will have our complete loyalty with respect to any matter in which you engage our 
firm.  While we are representing you in a matter, including the matter that is described in this letter, 
we will have no other role in that matter for another party without your consent.

As you are aware, we currently represent Apollo Global Management Inc., Apollo Global 
Management, Inc. (“AGM”), Apollo Asset Management, Inc. (“AAM”) and AAM’s subsidiaries 
(together with AGM, “Apollo Management”), and each investment fund managed by Apollo 
Management (collectively, “Apollo Funds”, and together with Apollo Management, “Apollo”), 
certain of which holds an interest in Zen JV, in matters unrelated to its interests in Zen JV, and 
unrelated to the Restructuring Services (the “Apollo Matters”). As we discussed, there is a 
possibility that actual or potential adversity of interests could arise between Zen JV and Apollo. 
By entering into this engagement, you agree that (i) we may represent Apollo and any of its 
affiliates on any existing and future matters (including matters adverse to Zen JV), whether or not 
substantially related to matters for which we represent Zen JV, (ii) you consent to, and waive any 
conflict or other objection with respect to, our representation of Apollo and any of its affiliates in 
connection with any and all matters in which we currently represent, or in the future may represent, 
Apollo or any of its affiliates and (iii) we may, in our sole discretion and at any time up notice to 
you, terminate our representation of Zen JV and continue our representation of Apollo or any of 
its affiliates in connection with any matter (including any dispute and/or litigation between Apollo 
or any of its affiliates and Zen JV).

Prospective Waiver of Conflicts for Unrelated Matters

Latham is an international law firm with numerous attorneys and offices in many countries, 
serving clients in many different areas of law and industries, who may now or in the future operate 
in the same lines of business as you. It is possible that during the time we are representing you, 
some of our current or future clients may ask us to represent them in matters in which you are 
involved as another party. Both our own prudent business conduct, and the interests of our other 
clients, call for us to seek to retain the ability to accept matters for all of our clients.  We would 
rely on this prospective waiver only for matters where we are confident that we have not obtained 
any confidential information that would give our other client an advantage in the adverse matter.

By entering into this agreement, you consent in advance to our acceptance of matters 
adverse to any Zen JV Client (whether such matters are currently pending or arise in the future), 
provided the matters are not substantially related to any matters we are handling or have handled 
for you, including the following types of matters:

US-DOCS\160069960.1

=== page 32 ===
Case 25-11195-JKS    Doc 207-3    Filed 07/24/25    Page 32 of 46

May 22, 2025
Page 5

•
Litigation, arbitration, mediation, or any other form of dispute resolution or other 
controversy matters;

•
Transactional matters; and

•
Any bankruptcy, regulatory, administrative, legislative or rulemaking proceeding.

By entering into this agreement, you consent in advance to such adverse representations. 
Thus, for example, you agree that we would be able to take on a new representation of a current 
or future client in a lawsuit in which any Zen JV Client is an adverse party at the same time that 
we are representing the Zen JV Clients, provided the adverse matter is not substantially related to 
any matters we are handling or have handled for you. This prospective waiver includes the 
assertion of any cross-claims or counter-claims adverse to the Zen JV Client. Under the terms of 
this prospective waiver, we would also be able to represent a current or future client in a 
transactional matter across the table from any Zen JV Client at the same time that we are 
representing the Zen JV Clients, provided the adverse matter is not substantially related to any 
matters we are handling or have handled for you.

When taking on a matter adverse to any Zen JV Client, we agree to establish an ethics wall 
in accordance with our standard firm procedures, whereby those timekeepers representing the 
relevant Zen JV Client may not concurrently work on the adverse matter, and those timekeepers 
working on the adverse matter will be denied access to the relevant Zen JV Client files in our 
document management system.

Waiver for Trees in M&A & Related Matters

In the event that we represent you in a transactional matter, now or in the future, you agree 
that, in a matter where you are, or may be, competing with one or more other bidders or financers 
in an M&A matter or related financing, to allow our firm, with separate teams (commonly referred 
to as “trees”) that do not share information about the related matters (except as may be agreed in 
respect of any particular subject such as shared regulatory, tax, and antitrust diligence) to represent 
other competing bidders and financing sources for other bidders. We will not accept an 
engagement from another client in the situations described above unless we believe that our 
representation of that other client will not have an adverse effect on the exercise of our independent 
professional judgment on your behalf in the matters in which we represent you.

Waiver for Unrelated Representation of Counterparties

By entering into this agreement you agree that we may maintain a separate attorney-client 
relationship, in other matters not substantially related to our work for you, with persons or entities 
who are adverse to you in matters we handle for you (including adversaries in the matters described 
in this letter), and we may continue any such attorney-client relationships in which we are currently 
engaged. Thus, for example, if we represent you in an intellectual property matter adverse to party 
A, we may represent party A in an unrelated employee benefits matter.

US-DOCS\160069960.1

=== page 33 ===
Case 25-11195-JKS    Doc 207-3    Filed 07/24/25    Page 33 of 46

May 22, 2025
Page 6

You should feel completely free to consult other counsel concerning the contents of this 
Section V and we encourage you to do so. By signing this letter, you acknowledge that you have 
had an opportunity to consult with other counsel if you so desire, and provide your informed 
consent to the adverse representations described above.

VI.
RATES, FEES AND CHARGES.

Our fees are based primarily on the amount of time spent by our lawyers, paralegals and 
other professionals on your behalf.  Each lawyer, paralegal and other professional assigned to this 
matter will have individual hourly billing rates, and the applicable rate multiplied by the number 
of hours spent, measured in tenths of an hour, will be the initial basis for determining our fee.

In general, our attorneys’ 2025 billing rates will range from $835 per hour to $2,850 per 
hour, depending upon the seniority and expertise of the attorney involved.  For paralegal and other 
professional time, our 2025 rates will range from $305 to $1,550 per hour.

In addition to fees, you agree to pay for disbursements and other charges.  These will 
include such items as use of fee-based research databases (90% of the third-party vendor rate or 
1.25 times our volume-discounted cost depending on vendor); couriers and air freight (1.10 times 
our volume-discounted cost); messengers (at third-party vendor rate); client-specific work by staff; 
staff overtime and meals (as defined by federal or local law); transportation (where dictated by 
safety reasons, and which may include a transaction fee); word processing; postage, at cost; 
supplies (for large volume only); and other reasonable costs and expenses.  For disbursements over 
$5,000, we may ask that billings be sent directly to you or that advances be provided.

In the event we are compelled to testify or respond to a subpoena or other legal process in 
relation to a matter we have handled for you, you agree that we are entitled to be reimbursed for 
our time in doing so at our then-current rate, and for our expenses reasonably incurred, even if our 
attorney-client relationship with you is terminated at that time.

When our personnel travel, we generally utilize business class for international flights.  
Through a third-party travel management company, in-house travel services are provided for our 
U.S. offices.  A ticketing fee of $30 will be charged for fares up to $300, and $75 will be charged 
for fares over $300.  There are no additional charges for changes to reservations or for 
reimbursement of unused tickets.  Our personnel bill for travel time, but if they work on another 
matter while traveling for you, you will not be billed for that time.

We intend to provide statements to you on a monthly basis.  They will show our time 
logged in tenth-of-an-hour increments and will separate fees from disbursements and other 
charges.  Payment of our statements is due promptly upon receipt.  Our rates are based on our 
receiving payment within thirty (30) days.

We may choose to terminate our relationship with you, subject to any applicable ethics 
rules, in the event that our fees are not paid in accordance with the terms of this engagement letter 
or other agreement.

US-DOCS\160069960.1

=== page 34 ===
Case 25-11195-JKS    Doc 207-3    Filed 07/24/25    Page 34 of 46

May 22, 2025
Page 7

You have agreed to deposit $250,000 with us as an advance toward our fees and charges. 
We will apply this advance toward our fees and charges as they are billed. Any unused portion 
after our services are concluded will be returned to you. Generally, we will apply this advance 
toward our fees and charges as they are billed, but you authorize us to do so at any time to the 
extent services have been rendered and fees incurred on your behalf. Concurrently, you are to 
make an additional payment to us to restore the advance to its initial level. Funds designated as an 
advance payment retainer when paid become property of the firm to be deposited in the firm’s 
operating account rather than in a trust account.

Our billing rates and charges are usually revised annually, but we reserve the right to revise 
them at other times.  Following any such revision, our new rates and charges will be applied to 
your account, and this letter constitutes written notice to you of our right to make such revisions.

Any funds that you deposit with us as an advance against our fees and charges will be 
treated as property of the firm. Any unused portion of such advance after our services are 
concluded will be returned to you.

From time to time, you may request estimates of the fees and charges that we anticipate 
incurring on your behalf.  These estimates are subject to unforeseen circumstances and are by their 
nature inexact.  While we may provide estimates for your general planning purposes, such 
estimates are subordinate to our regular billing procedures, absent an express written agreement to 
the contrary.

The fees and charges we bill to you are your responsibility whether or not a court awards 
attorneys’ fees against an opposing party. Courts frequently award attorneys’ fees which are, in 
the court’s opinion, reasonable under the applicable statutes, but which are less than the amounts 
we have reasonably billed to you. In such cases, you must pay us our actual fees and charges even 
though the court awards less.

The parties to a transaction or a dispute may agree, or a court may order, that another party 
is to pay some or all of our fees or charges. Such an agreement or order will not affect your own 
obligation to pay our fees and charges, nor are we to be obligated to enforce such an agreement or 
order. Any amounts actually received by us from another party on your account will, of course, be 
credited against the fees and charges incurred by you.

Notwithstanding the foregoing, given Zen JV’s status as a portfolio company of Apollo, 
we will abide by the terms of Apollo’s Outside Counsel Manual (as amended from time to time), 
other than as it relates to the treatment of fees and expenses and the frequency of billing statements. 
The terms of this engagement letter as it relates to fees and expenses shall govern the Restructuring 
Services in all respects.

VII.
DATA PROTECTION & COMMERCIAL COMMUNICATIONS BY EMAIL.

In order to provide legal services and maintain our business relationship, the firm may use 
personal information about you and other individuals at your organization. Details of how we use

US-DOCS\160069960.1

=== page 35 ===
Case 25-11195-JKS    Doc 207-3    Filed 07/24/25    Page 35 of 46

May 22, 2025
Page 8

this information are set out in our Client and Third Party Privacy Notice which can be found on 
our website at www.lw.com/privacy.

To the extent that you share with us information about California residents that comprises 
“personal information” for purposes of the California Consumer Privacy Act and implementing 
regulations (“CCPA”) in connection with our provision of services covered by this letter, and 
neither §§ 1798.140(ad)(2)1 nor §§ 1798.145(c)-(e)2 of the CCPA apply, we shall be a service 
provider and only collect, retain, use and disclose such information for the purpose of providing 
the services covered by this letter, or as otherwise permitted by the CCPA. To the extent this 
paragraph applies, you will provide notice to such California individuals that you may disclose 
such information to service providers such as Latham.

We have made a commitment through our Binding Corporate Rules to apply a consistent 
standard across the firm when collecting, using and managing personal information. If you have 
any questions about how we use your personal information or wish to exercise your rights, please 
contact the Global Data Protection Officer at DataPrivacy@lw.com.

We constantly attempt to improve our service, and monitor developments in the law and 
practice.  Periodically we may send information about this, including brochures and press releases 
and invitations to seminars or talks, if we believe that they may be of interest to you. You agree 
that we may send information of this kind by email to you and others at your organization with 
whom we have contact. You can opt out at any time.

VIII.
ARBITRATION OF DISPUTES.

Any controversy or claim, whether in tort, contract or otherwise, arising out of or relating 
to the relationship between any Zen JV Client, its affiliates or successors (the “Client Arbitration 
Parties”) and Latham, its affiliated partnerships, attorneys or staff or any of their successors (the 
“Latham Arbitration Parties”) or the services provided or the fees charged by the Latham 
Arbitration Parties pursuant to this engagement letter or otherwise to the Client Arbitration Parties 
shall be finally resolved by arbitration in accordance with the International Institute for Conflict 
Prevention and Resolution Rules for Non-Administered Arbitration (“CPR Rules”).  By agreeing 
to arbitrate, the parties are agreeing to waive their right to a jury trial.  This arbitration clause and 
any arbitration shall be governed by the Federal Arbitration Act, 9 U.S.C.  §§ 1 et seq.  The seat 
of the arbitration shall be New York, New York, but any hearings may be held in, and to the extent 
state law is applicable the arbitrators shall apply the substantive law of, the state in which the 
Latham office is located whose attorneys spent the most amount of time on the matter in dispute.

1 i.e., the CCPA’s other exceptions to sale, namely: direction by the individual to share, sharing to alert the 
recipient that the individual has opted out of selling, and sharing as an asset that is part of merger, acquisition, 
bankruptcy or other business transaction.

2 i.e., the CCPA’s exclusion of any information: collected as part of a clinical trial; bearing on an individual’s 
credit; processed by financial institutions to provide financial services pursuant to the GLBA; or comprising 
identifiable health information governed by HIPAA.

US-DOCS\160069960.1

=== page 36 ===
Case 25-11195-JKS    Doc 207-3    Filed 07/24/25    Page 36 of 46

May 22, 2025
Page 9

Any issue concerning the location of the arbitration, the extent to which any dispute is subject to 
arbitration, or the applicability, interpretation, or enforceability of this agreement shall be resolved 
by all of the arbitrators.  All aspects of the arbitration shall be treated as confidential, and neither 
the parties nor the arbitrators may disclose the existence, content or results of the arbitration, except 
as necessary to comply with insurance, legal or regulatory requirements. Any party that discloses 
any information about the arbitration under the preceding sentence, or makes any filing in any 
court related to a dispute covered by this clause, shall take all lawful steps to ensure confidential 
treatment, including without limitation filing under seal.

The arbitration panel shall be entitled to award any damages provided for under the state 
law that is controlling.

IX.
LIMITED LIABILITY PARTNERSHIP.

Latham is a limited liability partnership (LLP).  Similar to the corporate form of business 
organization, the LLP form generally limits the liability of the individual partners of the firm to 
the capital they have invested in the firm for claims arising from services performed by the firm.  
Our form of organization as an LLP will not diminish the ability to recover damages from the firm 
or from any individuals who directly caused the loss.

Because of legal requirements in those countries, work done out of our firm’s offices in 
England, France, Italy, Hong Kong, Japan, and Singapore will be carried out through affiliated 
partnerships registered locally. Latham operates in Israel through a limited liability company, in 
South Korea as a Foreign Legal Consultant Office, and in Saudi Arabia through a limited liability 
company. These distinctions will not impact on the provision of legal services by our firm, 
although invoices may be issued to you through an affiliate.

X.
ENTIRE AGREEMENT AND MISCELLANEOUS.

You and we understand that this letter constitutes the entire agreement pertaining to the 
engagement of Latham, and that it shall not be modified by any policies, procedures, guidelines or 
correspondence from you or your representative unless agreed to in writing by Latham, 
notwithstanding anything we may be required to acknowledge in order to use your electronic 
billing software now or in the future.

All parties signing this letter represent and warrant that they are fully authorized to enter 
into this agreement, and in the case of signatories agreeing on behalf of organizations, to bind the 
organization or organizations to the terms in this letter.

The words “execution,” “execute”, “signed,” “signature,” and words of like import in or 
related to this Engagement Letter and/or any document to be signed in connection with this 
Engagement Letter and the transactions contemplated hereby shall be deemed to include electronic 
signatures, the electronic matching of assignment terms and contract formations on electronic 
platforms approved by Latham, or the keeping of records in electronic form, each of which shall 
be of the same legal effect, validity or enforceability as a manually executed signature or the use 
of a paper-based recordkeeping system, as the case may be, to the extent and as provided for in

US-DOCS\160069960.1

=== page 37 ===
Case 25-11195-JKS    Doc 207-3    Filed 07/24/25    Page 37 of 46

May 22, 2025
Page 10

any applicable law, including the Federal Electronic Signatures in Global and National Commerce 
Act, the New York State Electronic Signatures and Records Act, or any other similar state laws 
based on the Uniform Electronic Transactions Act.

Either party can terminate the attorney-client relationship on this matter by notice to the 
other party. Otherwise, our relationship with you will be deemed concluded when we have 
completed our agreed-upon services, except that for the avoidance of doubt, your obligations for 
fees and charges shall survive.  In addition, and without limiting the preceding sentence, in the 
event we have performed no work on your behalf for six consecutive months, you agree that our 
attorney-client relationship with you will have been terminated.

XI.
APPROVAL AND RETURN OF LETTER.

If this letter meets with your approval, please sign and return the enclosed copy. Please 
also make your advance of $250,000.  If we do not receive a signed copy, this Engagement Letter 
shall be deemed accepted upon your engagement of Latham to perform any services related to the 
matter described herein or any future matters. By accepting services from Latham, you 
acknowledge and agree to the terms and conditions set forth in this Engagement Letter.

We look forward to working with you.

Sincerely,

Ray C. Schrock

of LATHAM & WATKINS LLP

US-DOCS\160069960.1

=== page 38 ===
Case 25-11195-JKS    Doc 207-3    Filed 07/24/25    Page 38 of 46

May 22, 2025
Page 11

Approval of Engagement

Zen JV, on behalf of itself and the Zen JV Clients, agrees to the terms of the enclosed letter, 
effective as of the date on which Latham & Watkins LLP first provided services to the Zen JV 
Clients.

By signing this letter, the Zen JV Clients acknowledge that the Zen JV Clients have been 
afforded the full opportunity to review it and to seek the advice of independent counsel, and either 
have in fact consulted with such independent counsel or have chosen not to do so.

BY SIGNING THIS LETTER, THE ZEN JV CLIENTS AGREE TO HAVE ANY ISSUE 
ARISING OUT OF OR RELATING TO THE SERVICES OF THE LATHAM ARBITRATION 
PARTIES (INCLUDING ANY CLAIM FOR PROFESSIONAL LIABILITY) DECIDED IN 
ARBITRATION AND THE ZEN JV CLIENTS GIVE UP THEIR RIGHT TO A JURY OR 
COURT TRIAL AND ACKNOWLEDGE THE ARBITRATION PROVISION IN SECTION 
VIII ABOVE.

Date:  May 22, 2025.

Zen JV, LLC
,

a Delaware limited liability company

By:

Name: Jeffrey Furman

Title:   Chief Executive Officer

CareerBuilder + Monster

US-DOCS\160069960.1

=== page 39 ===
Case 25-11195-JKS    Doc 207-3    Filed 07/24/25    Page 39 of 46

May 22, 2025
Page 12

Exhibit A

Zen JV Clients

1. CareerBuilder France Holding LLC
2. CareerBuilder Information Technology (Shanghai) Co., Ltd
3. CareerBuilder Government Solutions, LLC
4. Luceo Solutions, LLC
5. CareerBuilder ProfilSoft Dutch Holdings B.V.
6. CareerBuilder UK Holdings Limited
7. CareerBuilder International Holdings B.V.
8. CareerBuilder Brasil Atividades de Internete e Participações LTDA
9. CB Solutions Pty Ltd
10. CareerBuilder Canada Co.
11. CareerBuilder, LLC
12. CareerBuilder RMNA S.R.L.
13. CareerBuilder.com India Private Limited
14. Monster Worldwide International Holding bv
15. Monster Worldwide Limited
16. Monster Worldwide Canada Operations Inc.
17. Monster Worldwide CZ s.r.o
18. Monster Worldwide Germany GmbH
19. Monster Luxembourg SA
20. Monster Worldwide Ireland Ltd
21. Monster Worldwide S.L.
22. Monster Worldwide Switzerland AG
23. Monster Worldwide Austria GmbH
24. Monster Worldwide SAS
25. Monster Belgium nv
26. Monster Worldwide Sweden AB
27. Monster Worldwide Netherlands bv
28. Monster Worldwide Italia Srl
29. Monster Technologies Malaysia Sdn.Bhd.
30. Monster Worldwide Holdings Limited
31. Monster Asia Pacific Ltd.
32. Monster Worldwide, LLC
33. Monster Government Solutions, LLC
34. Military Advantage, LLC
35. Fastweb, LLC

US-DOCS\160069960.1

=== page 40 ===
Case 25-11195-JKS    Doc 207-3    Filed 07/24/25    Page 40 of 46

Appendix 1

Potential Parties in Interest List1

PJT Partners LP 
Richards, Layton & Finger, P.A.

Agents 
 
Wilmington Trust, National Association 
 
Banks 
 
Bank of America 
 
Bankruptcy Professionals 
 
AlixPartners 
Latham & Watkins LLP 
Omni Agent Solutions, Inc.

Benefits 
 
ADP Inc 
Calm.Com Inc 
Cigna Group 
Concur Technologies, Inc. 
Delta Dental of California 
Delta Dental of Il 
Empower Trust Company, LLC

Eyemed 
Guardian 
Lincoln National Life Ins Co 
Metlife 
Schwab Retirement Plan Services 
Telus Health (Us) Ltd 
United Healthcare Services Inc 
 
Delaware Court Personnel 
 
Al Lugano 
Amanda Hrycak 
Annamarie Martino 
Cacia Batts 
Chief Judge Karen B. Owens 
Claire Brady 
Danielle Gadson 
Demitra Yeager 
Jill Walker 
Judge Brendan L. Shannon 
Judge Craig T. Goldblatt 
Judge J. Kate Stickles

Judge John T. Dorsey 
Judge Laurie Selber Silverstein 
Judge Mary F. Walrath 
Judge Thomas M. Horan 
Laura Haney 
Laurie Capp 
Lora Johnson 
Marquietta Lopez 
Nickita Barksdale 
Nikki Washington 
Paula Subda 
Rachel Bello

1 This list (and the categories contained herein) are for purposes of a conflicts check only and should not be relied 
upon by any party as a list of creditors or for any other purpose.  As listing a party once allows our conflicts specialists 
to run a check on such party, we have attempted to remove duplicate entries where possible.  Accordingly, a party that 
otherwise would fall under multiple categories is likely to be listed under only one category.

RLF1 33353099v.1

=== page 41 ===
Case 25-11195-JKS    Doc 207-3    Filed 07/24/25    Page 41 of 46

Stephen Grant 
Todd Kirk

Joseph Cudia 
Joseph McMahon 
Lauren Attix 
Linda Casey 
Linda Richenderfer 
Malcolm M. Bates 
Michael Girello 
Nyanquoi Jones 
Richard Schepacarter 
Shakima L. Dortch 
Timothy J. Fox, Jr.

Una O'boyle 
Xavier Hurt 
 
Delaware UST’s Office 
 
Benjamin Hackman 
Christine Green 
Dion Wynn 
Edith A. Serrano 
Elizabeth Thomas 
Hannah M. McCollum 
Hawa Konde 
Holly Dice 
James R. O'Malley 
Jane Leamy 
Jonathan Lipshie 
Jonathan Nyaku

Debtors 
 
Camaro Acquisition LLC 
CareerBuilder France Holding, LLC 
CareerBuilder Government Solutions, LLC 
CareerBuilder, LLC 
Fastweb, LLC

Camaro Holdings, LLC 
Ontario Teacher's Pension Plan 
Randstad N.V.

Luceo Solutions, LLC 
Military Advantage LLC 
Monster Government Solutions LLC 
Monster Worldwide LLC 
Zen, JV, LLC
 
Direct and Indirect Equity Holders 
 
2584172 Ontario Inc. 
AP Special Sits Camaro Holdings, LLC 
Apollo Global Management, Inc. 
Apollo Special Situations Fund, L.P.

Mark Pacioni 
Maxwell David 
Michael Suhajda 
Rebecca Henderson 
Sam Gallagher 
Sheri Davis 
Stef Leijdekkers

Directors and Officers 
 
Ahern Dull 
Anna Phillips 
Daniel Silvers 
Fiona van Lede 
Gregory Binder 
Jarnail Badwal 
Jeff Furman 
Kenneth Shea

Insurers

2 
RLF1 33353099v.1

=== page 42 ===
Case 25-11195-JKS    Doc 207-3    Filed 07/24/25    Page 42 of 46

ACE American Insurance Company 
Allianz Global Risks US Insurance Co. 
Allied World National Assurance Company 
American International Companies (AIG) 
Aon UK Limited 
Arch Insurance Company 
AXIS Insurance Company 
Berkley Insurance Company 
Berkley Professional Liability 
Chubb National Ins Co 
Federal Insurance Company 
Hartford Insurance Group

Hiscox Insurance Company Inc. 
Illinois National Insurance Co 
Lexington Insurance Company 
Liberty International Underwriters 
Liberty Surplus Insurance Corporation 
Lloyd's Syndicate No. 3000 
National Union Fire Ins Co of Pittsburgh 
Risk Specialists Companies Ins Agcy, Inc. 
Twin City Fire Insurance Company 
XL Professional 
XL Specialty Insurance Co 
Zurich American Ins Co 
 
Litigation 
 
Jobget, Inc. 
Stout Risius Ross, LLC

The New York City Commission on Human 
Rights 
 
LOC Beneficiary 
 
Dell Financial Services LLC 
 
LOC Guarantor 
 
Bank of America 
 
Non-Debtors 
 
CareerBuilder Brasil Atividades de Internete 
e Participacoes LTDA. 
CareerBuilder Canada Co 
CareerBuilder com India Private Limited 
CareerBuilder Information Technology 
(Shanghai) Co., Ltd 
CareerBuilder International Holdings B.V. 
CareerBuilder ProfilSoft Dutch Holdings 
B.V. 
CareerBuilder Romania S.R.L. 
CareerBuilder UK Holdings Limited 
CB Solutions Pty Ltd 
Monster Belgium nv 
Monster Luxembourg SA 
Monster Technologies Malaysia Sdn. Bhd

Monster Worldwide Austria GmbH 
Monster Worldwide Canada Operations Inc. 
Monster Worldwide CZ s.r.o. 
Monster Worldwide Germany GmbH 
Monster Worldwide International Holding 
bv 
Monster Worldwide Ireland Ltd 
Monster Worldwide Italia Srl 
Monster Worldwide Limited 
Monster Worldwide Netherlands bv 
Monster Worldwide S.L. 
Monster Worldwide SAS 
Monster Worldwide Sweden AB 
Monster Worldwide Switzerland AG 
Monster.com Asia Pacific Ltd.

3 
RLF1 33353099v.1

=== page 43 ===
Case 25-11195-JKS    Doc 207-3    Filed 07/24/25    Page 43 of 46

Other Parties 
 
Blue Torch Capital 
HIG Capital LLC 
JMB Capital Partners Lending, LLC 
Norton Rose Fulbright US LLP

Paul Hastings 
Valnet 
Valsoft 
Young Conaway Stargatt & Taylor, LLP 
 
RE Lease 
 
622 Building Company LLC (Cohen Bros) 
Equinix, INC 
Iron Mountain Data Centers LLC

Onni 200 LaSalle Limited Partnership 
TMG 8280 Greensboro LLC 
VEF V Atlanta office Two, LLC 
 
Seller Note 
 
Randstad MWW Inc. 
 
Tax Authorities 
 
Alabama Department of Revenue 
Alaska Department of Revenue 
Arizona Department of Revenue 
California Franchise Tax Board 
City of Philadelphia Department of Finance 
Colorado Department of Revenue 
Connecticut Department of Revenue 
Delaware Division of Revenue 
Department of the Treasury Internal 
Revenue Service Center 
District of Columbia Department of 
Revenue 
Florida Department of Revenue 
Georgia Department of Revenue 
Hawaii Department of Revenue 
Idaho Department of Revenue 
Illinois Department of Revenue 
Indiana Department of Revenue 
Iowa Department of Revenue 
Kansas Department of Revenue 
Kentucky Department of Revenue 
Louisiana Department of Revenue

Maryland Department of Revenue 
Massachusetts Department of Revenue 
Minnesota Department of Revenue 
Mississippi Department of Revenue 
Missouri Department of Revenue 
Nebraska Department of Revenue 
New Hampshire Department of Revenue 
New Jersey Department of Revenue 
New York City Department of Finance 
New York Department of Revenue 
North Carolina Department of Revenue 
Oklahoma Department of Revenue 
Oregon Department of Revenue 
Pennsylvania Department of Revenue 
Philadelphia Department of 
Revenue 
South Carolina Department of Revenue 
Tennessee Department of Revenue 
Texas Department of Revenue 
Utah Department of Revenue 
Virginia Department of Revenue 
Wisconsin Department of Revenue 
 
Term Loan Lenders 
 
Arbour Lane 
ArrowMark

4 
RLF1 33353099v.1

=== page 44 ===
Case 25-11195-JKS    Doc 207-3    Filed 07/24/25    Page 44 of 46

Canaras 
Cerberus 
Constitution Capital 
Crescent Capital 
Ellington 
Fortinbras Enterprise 
FourSixThree

InvestCorp 
Morgan Stanley 
Nassau 
OFS 
Par Four / Benefit Street 
Saratoga Partners 
Zais Group
 
Top Unsecured Creditors 
 
Acoustic LP 
Adworks Ltd 
Ahead Inc 
Aimwel B.V. 
Akin Gump Strauss Hauer & Feld 
Amplitude Inc 
Appcast Inc 
Appian Corporation 
Brazen Technologies Inc 
Camelot Communications Ltd 
Daymark Solutions Inc 
Equinix Inc 
Everlong Media LLC 
Getty Images Inc 
Google LLC 
Ikokas Technologies Private Ltd 
Iron Mountain Inc 
Jobcase Inc 
Jobget Inc 
Jobverse Inc.

Joveo Inc 
Microsoft Online Inc 
Morgan Lewis & Bockius LLP 
Nexxt Inc 
Okta Inc 
Oracle America Inc 
Pwc Us Tax LLP 
Quality Technology Services 
Rackspace Us Inc 
Recruitics Inc 
Salesforce.Com Inc 
Secureit Consulting Group Inc 
Skadden Arps Slate Meagher Flom 
Talroo Inc 
Tanzilli Sociedade De Advogado 
Textkernel BV 
Vedder Price PC 
Velaro Inc 
Verinext Corp 
Winston & Strawn LLP 
 
UCC Lien Search

Verinext Capital, LLC 
Wells Fargo Financial Leasing, Inc.  
Wilmington Trust, National Association, As 
Collateral Agent

Dell Financial Services L,L,C. 
Greatamerica Financial Services 
Corporation 
Randstad MWW Solutions Inc., As 
Collateral Agent

5 
RLF1 33353099v.1

=== page 45 ===
Case 25-11195-JKS    Doc 207-3    Filed 07/24/25    Page 45 of 46

Appendix 2

Client Match List

RLF1 33353099v.1

=== page 46 ===
Case 25-11195-JKS    Doc 207-3    Filed 07/24/25    Page 46 of 46

Client Match List

Matched Entity 
Relationship to Debtors 
Relationship to Latham1 
Wilmington Trust, N.A. 
Agents 
Current client. 
Bank of America 
Banks 
Current client.

AlixPartners 
BK Professionals 
Current client. 
Omni Agent Solutions, Inc. 
BK Professionals 
Current client. 
PJT Partners LP 
BK Professionals 
Current client. 
Apollo Global Management, Inc. 
Direct or Indirect Equityholder 
Current client. 
Apollo Special Situations Fund, L.P. 
Direct or Indirect Equityholder 
Current client. 
Ontario Teacher's Pension Plan 
Direct or Indirect Equityholder 
Current client. 
Bank of America 
LOC Guarantor 
Current client.

Blue Torch Capital 
Other Parties 
Current client. 
Valsoft 
Other Parties 
Current client. 
Onni 200 LaSalle Limited Partnership 
RE Lease 
Former client. 
ArrowMark 
Term Loan Lenders 
Current client. 
Cerberus 
Term Loan Lenders 
Current client. 
Constitution Capital 
Term Loan Lenders 
Current client.

Crescent Capital 
Term Loan Lenders 
Current client. 
Ellington 
Term Loan Lenders 
Current client. 
Morgan Stanley 
Term Loan Lenders 
Current client. 
Nassau 
Term Loan Lenders 
Current client. 
Saratoga Partners 
Term Loan Lenders 
Former client. 
Amplitude Inc. 
Top Unsecured Creditors 
Current client.

Appian Corporation 
Top Unsecured Creditors 
Current client. 
Microsoft Online Inc. 
Top Unsecured Creditors 
Current client. 
Okta Inc. 
Top Unsecured Creditors 
Current client. 
Oracle America Inc. 
Top Unsecured Creditors 
Current client. 
Rackspace US Inc. 
Top Unsecured Creditors 
Former client. 
Salesforce.com Inc. 
Top Unsecured Creditors 
Current client.

1 The term “Current Client” refers to an entity listed as a client in Latham’s Client Database for whom time has been 
recorded in the past 12 months and Latham has at least one open matter.  The term “Former Client” refers to an entity 
listed as a client in Latham’s Client Database for whom time has been recorded in the past three years.  Latham does 
not disclose connections if time was recorded more than three years before the Petition Date.

2 
 
RLF1 33353099v.1

