=== page 1 ===
 
 
IN THE UNITED STATES BANKRUPTCY COURT 
FOR THE DISTRICT OF DELAWARE 
 
) 
 
In re: 
) 
Chapter 11 
 
) 
 
JOANN INC., et al.,1 
) 
Case No. 25-10068 (___) 
 
) 
 
 
 
 
Debtors. 
) 
(Joint Administration Requested) 
 
) 
 
DECLARATION OF MICHAEL PRENDERGAST,  
INTERIM CHIEF EXECUTIVE OFFICER, IN SUPPORT  
OF CHAPTER 11 PETITIONS AND FIRST DAY MOTIONS 
I, 
Michael Prendergast, declare under penalty of perjury: 
1. 
I am the Interim Chief Executive Officer of Debtor JOANN Inc. and an officer of 
the above-captioned debtors and debtors in possession (collectively, the “Debtors” and, together 
with their non-debtor affiliate, the “Company” or “JOANN”).  
2. 
I was appointed as the Company’s Interim Chief Executive Officer in May 2024.  
I am also a Managing Director in Alvarez & Marsal’s Consumer and Retail Group.  I have been 
with Alvarez & Marsal since 2018, and during my tenure, I have served as an interim leader for 
other retailers.  I have more than 20 years of experience in providing turnaround services for 
companies in the retail industry.  I hold a Bachelor’s Degree in Business Management from the 
University of Phoenix and completed executive training courses at the University of Chicago, 
Booth School of Business.  
 
1 
The Debtors in these chapter 11 cases, along with the last four digits of each Debtor’s federal tax identification 
number, are: JOANN Inc. (5540); Needle Holdings LLC (3814); Jo-Ann Stores, LLC (0629); Creative Tech 
Solutions LLC (6734); Creativebug, LLC (3208); WeaveUp, Inc. (5633); JAS Aviation, LLC (9570); joann.com, 
LLC (1594); JOANN Ditto Holdings Inc. (9652); Dittopatterns LLC (0452); JOANN Holdings 1, LLC (9030); 
JOANN Holdings 2, LLC (6408); and Jo-Ann Stores Support Center, Inc. (5027). The Debtors’ mailing address 
is 5555 Darrow Road, Hudson, Ohio 44236. 
Case 25-10068-CTG    Doc 5    Filed 01/15/25    Page 1 of 53

=== page 2 ===
 
  
2 
3. 
I am authorized to submit this Declaration on behalf of the Debtors in the 
above-captioned chapter 11 cases (collectively, the “Chapter 11 Cases”).  In my capacity as Interim 
Chief Executive Officer, I am responsible for overseeing the financial and operational activities of 
the Debtors, including, but not limited to, monitoring cash flow, business relationships, workforce 
issues, and financial planning, and providing overall direction and leadership for the Company, 
including overseeing the work of the Company’s other executives and management of employees, 
assisting the Board of Directors of JOANN Inc. in making and implementing major corporate 
decisions, and determining the optimal path to maximize the value of the Company under evolving 
(and challenging) circumstances. 
4. 
I am generally familiar with the Debtors’ business, operations, financial matters, 
operating results, business plans, actual and projected cash flows, and underlying books and 
records. Except as otherwise indicated, all facts set forth in this declaration (this “Declaration”) 
are based on my personal knowledge, my discussions with other members of the Debtors’ 
management team, employees, and advisors, my review of relevant documents, or my opinion 
based on my experience, knowledge, and information concerning the Debtors’ operations and 
financial condition.  If called to testify, I would testify competently to the facts set forth in this 
Declaration. 
5. 
On the date hereof (the “Petition Date”), the Debtors filed voluntary petitions 
(the “Petitions”) in the United States Bankruptcy Court for the District of Delaware (the “Court”) 
commencing cases for relief under chapter 11 of title 11 of the United States Code, 11 U.S.C. §§ 
101-1532 (the “Bankruptcy Code”).  I submit this Declaration (a) to describe the Debtors’ business 
and background, the circumstances that led to the Debtors’ chapter 11 filings, and the Debtors’ 
goals in these Chapter 11 Cases, and (b) in support of the Debtors’ Petitions and the “first-day” 
Case 25-10068-CTG    Doc 5    Filed 01/15/25    Page 2 of 53

=== page 3 ===
 
  
3 
motions and applications that are being filed with the Court concurrently herewith (collectively, 
the “First Day Motions”). 
PRELIMINARY STATEMENT 
6. 
Starting with the humblest of beginnings in the 1940s, JOANN has been an 
American institution over the last 80 years, steadily growing into the nation’s category leader in 
sewing and fabrics with one of the largest assortments of arts and crafts products.  
Unfortunately, like many retail companies, and despite strong customer support, JOANN has been 
forced to adjust to a post-COVID economy that saw a general withdrawal from the consumer 
spending highs experienced during COVID.  As a result, JOANN faced a common problem among 
retailers following the pullback from COVID-level spending:  it had an otherwise healthy 
post-COVID business burdened by an outsized capital structure and operational cost center.  
This created liquidity constraints that impaired JOANN’s ability to service its funded debt.  
Ultimately, with the support of its lenders across its then approximately $1 billion funded debt 
capital structure, JOANN filed for chapter 11 in early 2024 to implement a prepackaged plan of 
reorganization (the “Prior Cases”): indeed, sophisticated parties across the capital structure 
believed that JOANN had the potential for long-term success if its funded debt obligations could 
be meaningfully reduced, and without the need for operational adjustments that could only be 
implemented through the tools of the Bankruptcy Code. 
7. 
JOANN emerged from the Prior Cases in April 2024 and immediately turned to 
implementing its post-emergence business plan.  Unfortunately, unanticipated inventory 
challenges post-emergence, coupled with the prolonged impact of an excessively sluggish retail 
economy, put JOANN back into an untenable debt position.  
8. 
The Company’s inventory challenges were particularly acute and unexpected.  
Recognizing that the Prior Cases left general unsecured creditors unimpaired, the post-emergence 
Case 25-10068-CTG    Doc 5    Filed 01/15/25    Page 3 of 53

=== page 4 ===
 
  
4 
business plan was premised in part on the Company’s vendors continuing to service the Company 
at levels commensurate with pre-emergence levels.  Instead, the Company faced an unexpected 
ramp-down, and, in some cases, the entire cessation of production of key JOANN inventory items 
in the post-emergence period.  The retreats of in-stock levels had significant effects on JOANN’s 
core business, and when in-stock levels eventually dropped by upwards of 10%, JOANN entered 
a new phase of operational distress that was not anticipated as part of the Prior Cases or its 
post-emergence business plan. 
9. 
JOANN worked diligently to identify the root cause of its supply issues—the 
halting of production by vendors and the full extent thereof—and chart a path through the 
prolonged restart times associated with most of its products.  The Company promptly put in place 
a plan to address the inventory shortages and bring JOANN back to its historic in-stock levels. 
Although the Company has seen marked improvements in inventory management and revenue in 
the past several months, the unfortunate reality is that the inventory challenges did irreparable 
harm to JOANN’s ability to service its restructured funded debt.   
10. 
As retail companies know all too well, inventory challenges can create swift and 
devastating ripple effects.  Facing a liquidity wall under its Prepetition ABL and FILO Facilities 
triggered by the inventory challenges and their subsequent effect on near-term cash receipts and 
borrowing capacity, and no actionable line of sight to remedy those challenges while responsibly 
operating the business, the Debtors filed these Chapter 11 Cases to (a) manage the effects of the 
Debtors’ mid-2024 supply shortages, (b) continue the prepetition sale process commenced by the 
Company’s proposed investment banker, Centerview Partners, LLC (“Centerview”), and 
(c) accomplish the foregoing in a manner that provides an opportunity for interested parties to 
Case 25-10068-CTG    Doc 5    Filed 01/15/25    Page 4 of 53

=== page 5 ===
 
  
5 
participate, while recognizing the harsh reality that an elongated chapter 11 process can often 
sound the death knell for retail companies. 
11. 
Recognizing that delicate balance, the Debtors filed these Chapter 11 Cases with a 
“stalking horse” bid from Gordon Brothers Retail Partners, LLC and an agreement on the use of 
Cash Collateral to provide certainty that, subject to Court approval, the Debtors do have a path to 
delivering as much value as possible under challenging circumstances and a path to a responsible 
exit from chapter 11.  Nevertheless, the Debtors believe that JOANN’s business remains strong, 
and the core operational proposition that encouraged stakeholders to see the Company through its 
Prior Cases with minimal disruption remains true.  Indeed, during the 2024 calendar year, JOANN 
had approximately $2 billion in net sales.  To that end, the Debtors intend to continue the marketing 
process commenced four weeks ago by Centerview to explore value-maximizing business 
alternatives. 
12. 
To familiarize this Court with the Debtors, their business, the circumstances leading 
to the commencement of the Chapter 11 Cases, the objectives of the Chapter 11 Cases, and the 
relief the Debtors are seeking in the First Day Motions, this Declaration is organized as follows: 
• Part I describes the Debtors’ corporate history, operations, organizational structure, 
and capital structure. 
• Part II describes the circumstances leading to the commencement of these Chapter 11 
Cases. 
• Part III describes the anticipated path forward for these Chapter 11 Cases. 
• Part IV and Exhibit A hereto provide the support for the First Day Motions. 
Case 25-10068-CTG    Doc 5    Filed 01/15/25    Page 5 of 53

=== page 6 ===
 
  
6 
I. 
COMPANY BACKGROUND 
A. 
The Debtors’ Business Operations 
1. 
JOANN’s History and Business Overview 
21. 
JOANN is the nation’s category leader in sewing and fabrics and offers one of the 
largest assortments of arts-and-crafts products.  The Company’s story began in 1943 when German 
immigrants founded the “Cleveland Fabric Shop” in Cleveland, Ohio.  By 1963, the Company had 
grown to 18 stores, and the founders decided to rename the store “Jo-Ann Fabrics”—a combination 
of the names of the two families’ daughters, Joan and Jacqueline Ann.  
22. 
Over the subsequent years, Jo-Ann Fabrics experienced unparalleled growth.  By 
1969, the Company was publicly listed on the American Stock Exchange, and in 1976 the 
Company joined the New York Stock Exchange.  JOANN opened its 500th store in 1980 and by 
1998, following the acquisition of two fabric companies, had become the largest fabric and crafts 
retailer in the United States. The same year, the business was renamed Jo-Ann Stores Inc. and 
rebranded all stores operating under other names to “Jo-Ann Fabrics.”  In 2011, JOANN was 
purchased by Leonard Green & Partners and taken private. 
23. 
While COVID-19, often referred to as the “retail apocalypse,” caused irreparable 
disruption and harm to many retailers, the global pandemic led to a surge in demand for JOANN’s 
products.  Shelter in place and mask mandates drove customers to JOANN stores to purchase 
supplies for not only DIY projects but also masks and other personal protective equipment.  
JOANN experienced a 23.5% increase in sales from fiscal year 2020 to fiscal year 2021.2  The 
 
2  
The Company’s fiscal year ends on the Saturday closest to January 31 of the named year.  For example, the 2020 
fiscal year ended on February 1, 2020, the 2021 fiscal year ended on January 30, 2021, and the 2022 fiscal year 
ended on January 29, 2022.   
Case 25-10068-CTG    Doc 5    Filed 01/15/25    Page 6 of 53

=== page 7 ===
 
  
7 
Company went public again in March 2021, with its shares listed on the NASDAQ, trading under 
the ticker symbol “JOAN.”  
24. 
 Despite an increase in business during the pandemic, the Company nevertheless 
faced the same challenges faced by nearly all retailers at the time: competition from online retailers 
and increased merchandise costs.  On March 18, 2024, JOANN Inc. and certain then-debtor 
affiliates filed for chapter 11 bankruptcy in the District of Delaware to implement a prepackaged 
plan of reorganization focused solely on reducing the Company’s funded debt load.  The Debtors 
entered the Prior Cases with a transaction support agreement with a majority of its financial 
stakeholders and received commitments for approximately $132 million in new financing and 
related financial accommodations.  The Company emerged from the Prior Cases on April 30, 2024 
as a private company and its shares were no longer listed on the NASDAQ. 
2. 
Overview of the Debtors’ Operations 
a. 
Product Segments 
25. 
JOANN offers three product segments: (a) Sewing; (b) Arts and Crafts and Home 
Décor; and (c) Additional Non-Merchandise Services.  During the 2024 calendar year, JOANN 
had net sales of approximately $2 billion, of which $900 million was attributable to Sewing, 
$1.1 billion was attributable to Arts and Crafts and Home Décor, and $19 million was attributable 
to the Additional Non-Merchandise Services category. 
26. 
JOANN offers several subcategories within the Sewing product segment, including 
(a) seasonally themed fabrics, (b) a variety of fabrics for a wide range of uses such as home 
improvement, décor, and fashion projects, (c) sewing machines, and (d) other sewing supplies.  
The Arts and Crafts and Home Décor segment includes, among other things, (a) yarn and yarn 
accessories, (b) crafting materials, technology and organizers, (c) seasonal décor, and (d) cake 
Case 25-10068-CTG    Doc 5    Filed 01/15/25    Page 7 of 53

=== page 8 ===
 
  
8 
decorating materials.  The Additional Non-Merchandise Services include shared freight revenue, 
revenue from subletting store space, and non-merchandise services such as revenue from 
subscriptions to Debtor Creativebug, LLC’s online content. 
b. 
Sourcing and Distribution 
27. 
JOANN has multiple domestic and international supply sources for each of its 
product categories.  In the 2024 fiscal year, JOANN sourced approximately 65% of its purchases 
from domestic suppliers, and the remaining purchases were sourced from foreign suppliers located 
in Pakistan, India, Vietnam, and China, among other countries.  More than one-third of the 
Company’s foreign-sourced products come from China and are purchased by non-Debtor Jo-Ann 
Trading (Shanghai) Co., Ltd., a wholly-owned foreign subsidiary of Debtor Jo-Ann Stores, LLC. 
28. 
Purchasing for the Debtors’ stores is performed centrally through JOANN’s store 
support center rather than by individual stores.  Once purchased, merchandise is directed to either 
one of the Debtors’ three distribution centers in Hudson, Ohio; Visalia, California; or Opelika, 
Alabama (each a “Distribution Center”) or its e-commerce fulfillment center in West Jefferson, 
Ohio.  Each Distribution Center is responsible for supplying merchandise to stores in a specific 
geographical region, typically on a weekly basis, with each Distribution Center supplying a 
roughly equal portion of the Company’s outbound merchandise.  Additionally, the Distribution 
Centers ship select products ordered by customers through joann.com directly to the customers’ 
homes, with the balance of e-commerce orders fulfilled directly from stores, through JOANN’s e-
commerce fulfillment center, or directly from vendors.  
3. 
Retail Channels 
29. 
JOANN’s products are available to customers online or in one of the Company’s 
brick-and-mortar stores.  In 2024, approximately 86% of sales revenue was generated in-store.  As 
Case 25-10068-CTG    Doc 5    Filed 01/15/25    Page 8 of 53

=== page 9 ===
 
  
9 
of the Petition Date, JOANN has approximately 800 stores in 49 states, all of which are operated 
from leased premises.   
30. 
In 2024, approximately 14% of JOANN’s annual sales revenue was generated 
through the Company’s e-commerce offerings such as through joann.com and the Company’s 
mobile app.  JOANN’s e-commerce sales are primarily fulfilled through JOANN’s brick-and-
mortar stores and the Company’s e-commerce fulfillment center, and a small portion of orders are 
fulfilled from the Company’s Distribution Centers or directly by vendors. 
3. 
JOANN’s Team Members 
43. 
As of the Petition Date, JOANN has approximately 19,000 employees 
(the “Employees”), of which 3,400 are employed full-time and 15,600 are employed part-time.  
1,300 Employees are salaried, and 17,700 Employees are paid on an hourly basis. Approximately 
17,500 Employees work in the Company’s retail stores, and a vast majority are paid hourly.  
Approximately 300 of the Company’s employees are unionized, all of whom work at the 
Hudson, Ohio Distribution Center and are represented by the United Steel, Paper and Forestry, 
Rubber, Manufacturing, Energy, Allied Industrial and Service Workers International Union. 
C. 
The Debtors’ Prepetition Corporate and Capital Structure 
1. 
The Debtors’ Corporate Structure 
31. 
JOANN has 13 wholly-owned subsidiaries, including 12 Debtors in these 
Chapter 11 Cases and one foreign non-Debtor subsidiary. The Company’s corporate 
organizational structure is reflected in the following chart: 
Case 25-10068-CTG    Doc 5    Filed 01/15/25    Page 9 of 53

=== page 10 ===
 
  
10 
  
2. 
The Debtors’ Prepetition Capital Structure 
44. 
As of the Petition Date, the Debtors have approximately $615.7 million in total 
funded debt obligations, consisting of the following outstanding principal amounts: (a) 
$352.4 million under the ABL Facility (consisting of Revolving Loans and issued Letters of 
Credit) (each as defined below), (b) $109.9 million under the FILO Term Loan Facility (as defined 
below), and (c) $153.4 million under the Prepetition Term Loan Facility (as defined below).   
Prepetition Facilities 
Maturity 
Approximate Outstanding 
Principal Amount 
ABL Facility (Revolving Loans and issued Letters of Credit) 
June 22, 2027 
$352.4 million 
FILO Term Loan Facility 
June 22, 2027 
$109.9 million 
Term Loan Facility 
April 30, 2028 
$153.4 million 
Total Funded Debt Obligations 
 
$615.7 million 
 
Case 25-10068-CTG    Doc 5    Filed 01/15/25    Page 10 of 53

=== page 11 ===
 
  
11 
a. 
The ABL Facility and FILO Facility 
45. 
Debtor Jo-Ann Stores, LLC, as borrower, JOANN Holdings 2, LLC, as parent, 
Needle Holdings LLC, as holdings, Bank of America, N.A., as administrative agent and as 
collateral agent (the “Prepetition ABL Agent”), 1903P Loan Agent, LLC, as documentation agent 
(the “Prepetition FILO Agent”), and the lenders party thereto from time to time (the “Prepetition 
ABL Lenders”) entered into that certain Second Amended and Restated Credit Agreement, dated 
as of April 30, 2024 (as amended, restated, amended and restated, supplemented, waived or 
otherwise modified from time to time and in effect immediately prior to the Petition Date, 
the “ABL/FILO Credit Agreement”).  The ABL/FILO Credit Agreement was entered into to 
provide exit financing to the Debtors in connection with the Debtors’ emergence from the Prior 
Cases.   
46. 
The ABL/FILO Credit Agreement provides the Debtors with access to a maximum 
aggregate amount of $500 million in revolving credit commitments (the “ABL Facility”), with the 
availability of such commitments being subject to a monthly determination of the Borrowing Base 
(as defined therein) and reduced by the amount, if any, of Letters of Credit (as defined therein) 
issued thereunder.  In addition, the ABL/FILO Credit Agreement provides for $100 million of term 
loans under a first in, last out term loan facility (the “FILO Term Loan Facility,” such lenders 
under the FILO facility, the “Prepetition FILO Lenders,” and the FILO facility together with the 
ABL Facility, the “Prepetition ABL and FILO Facilities”).  The Prepetition ABL and FILO 
Facilities mature on June 22, 2027.  As of the Petition Date, an aggregate balance of approximately 
$352.4 million remains outstanding under the ABL Facility, consisting of $331.6 million 
outstanding in Revolving Loans (as defined in the ABL/FILO Credit Agreement), and 
$20.8 million in existing Letters of Credit, and an aggregate balance of approximately 
Case 25-10068-CTG    Doc 5    Filed 01/15/25    Page 11 of 53

=== page 12 ===
 
  
12 
$109.9 million remains outstanding under the FILO Term Loan Facility.  The Prepetition ABL 
and FILO Facilities are secured by substantially all of the assets of the borrower and the guarantors 
under the ABL/FILO Credit Agreement, subject to certain limitations and exceptions, including 
first priority security interests in:  (a) all credit card receivables and bank accounts, other than bank 
accounts which constitute identifiable proceeds of Term Loan Priority Collateral (as defined 
below); (b) cash, money, and cash equivalents (other than identifiable proceeds of Term Loan 
Priority Collateral); (c) all deposit accounts, securities accounts, and commodities accounts, in 
each case except for any such accounts which constitute Term Loan Priority Collateral; (d) all 
inventory; and (e) documents, general intangibles, instruments, chattel paper, commercial tort 
claims, supporting obligations, letter-of-credit rights, books and records, and collateral security 
and guarantees evidencing, governing, or relating to any of the items referred to in foregoing (as 
more fully described in the ABL/FILO Credit Agreement, the “ABL Priority Collateral”).  
The respective rights of the Prepetition ABL Lenders as between themselves with respect to, 
among other things, their security interests in the ABL Priority Collateral, the treatment of 
proceeds thereof, as well as certain rights of first refusal and consent rights are governed by the 
ABL/FILO Credit Agreement. 
b. 
The Term Loan Facility 
47. 
Debtor Needle Holdings, LLC, as borrower, JOANN Holdings 2, LLC, as holdings, 
Wilmington Savings Fund Society, FSB, as administrative agent (the “Prepetition Term Loan 
Agent”), and the lenders party thereto from time to time (the “Prepetition Term Loan Lenders”) 
entered into that certain Credit Agreement, dated as of April 30, 2024 (as amended, restated, 
amended and restated, supplemented, waived or otherwise modified from time to time and in effect 
immediately prior to the Petition Date, the “Prepetition Term Loan Credit Agreement”), pursuant 
Case 25-10068-CTG    Doc 5    Filed 01/15/25    Page 12 of 53

=== page 13 ===
 
  
13 
to which the Prepetition Term Loan Lenders provided the Debtors a senior secured term loan 
facility in an aggregate principal amount of approximately $153.8 million (the “Prepetition Term 
Loan Facility”).  The Prepetition Term Loan Facility matures on April 30, 2028.  As of the Petition 
Date, a balance of approximately $153.4 million remains outstanding under the Prepetition Term 
Loan Facility.  The Prepetition Term Loan Facility is secured by a security interest in substantially 
all of the assets of the borrower and the guarantors under the Prepetition Term Loan Credit 
Agreement, subject to certain limitations and exclusions, including first priority security interests 
in:  (a) equipment, fixtures, real property, intercompany indebtedness between or among the 
Debtors or their affiliates, intellectual property, and all equity interests held by the Debtors and 
their affiliates (subject to certain customary exceptions); (b) except to the extent constituting ABL 
Priority Collateral, all instruments, commercial tort claims, documents, and general intangibles; 
(c) except to the extent constituting ABL Priority Collateral, any deposit accounts, securities 
accounts, or commodity accounts that are intended to solely contain Term Loan Priority Collateral, 
and the contents thereof; (d) all other collateral other than ABL Priority Collateral (including 
proceeds thereof); and (e) all collateral security and guarantees with respect to the foregoing and 
all cash, money, insurance proceeds, instruments, securities, and financial assets received as 
proceeds of the foregoing (as more fully described in the Prepetition Term Loan Credit Agreement, 
the “Term Loan Priority Collateral”). 
c. 
The ABL and Term Loan Intercreditor Agreement 
48. 
The respective contractual rights of the Prepetition ABL Lenders and the 
Prepetition Term Loan Lenders with respect to their shared collateral are governed by that certain 
Second Amended and Restated Intercreditor Agreement, dated as of April 30, 2024 (as amended, 
restated, amended and restated, supplemented, waived or otherwise modified from time to time, 
Case 25-10068-CTG    Doc 5    Filed 01/15/25    Page 13 of 53

=== page 14 ===
 
  
14 
the “ABL and Term Loan Intercreditor Agreement”), by and between the Prepetition ABL Agent 
and the Prepetition Term Loan Agent.  The ABL and Term Loan Intercreditor Agreement governs, 
among other things, the division of collateral into ABL Priority Collateral and Term Loan Priority 
Collateral, the priority of liens and application of proceeds with respect thereto, as well as the 
respective rights of the Prepetition ABL Lenders and the Prepetition Term Loan Lenders in 
connection with certain bankruptcy matters. 
d. 
The Prepetition Agreement Among FILO Lenders 
49. 
Pursuant to that certain Amended and Restated Agreement Among Lenders, dated 
as of April 30, 2024, by and among the Prepetition FILO Lenders and the Prepetition FILO Agent 
(as amended, restated, amended and restated, supplemented, or otherwise modified from time to 
time, the “Prepetition Agreement Among FILO Lenders”), the Prepetition FILO Lenders and the 
Prepetition FILO Agent have agreed, among other things,  to the respective rights, obligations, and 
priorities of each class of the Prepetition FILO Lenders with respect to matters set forth therein.   
e. 
Unsecured Debt 
50. 
In addition to their funded debt, the Debtors have customary unsecured debt, 
including amounts owed to trade vendors and landlords.  JOANN routinely incurs fixed, 
liquidated, and undisputed payment obligations in the ordinary course of business to various third- 
party providers of goods and services.  These include obligations owed to JOANN’s extensive 
network of vendors, on whom JOANN relies to supply merchandise. A majority of these vendors 
conduct business with JOANN on a purchase order-by-purchase order basis and are paid on 
prearranged terms.  As of the Petition Date, the Debtors estimate that approximately $133 million 
of merchandise trade debt is due and outstanding, of which approximately $30 million is on 
account of goods provided to the Debtors within the twenty days leading up to the Petition Date. 
Case 25-10068-CTG    Doc 5    Filed 01/15/25    Page 14 of 53

=== page 15 ===
 
  
15 
As discussed in greater detail in the Store Support Motion,3 certain of these claims are entitled to 
statutory priority, including under section 503(b)(9) of the Bankruptcy Code, or may give rise to 
liens in favor of shippers or warehousemen in the event they go unpaid.  
51. 
In addition to trade debt, JOANN’s stores are operated exclusively from leased 
premises.  The Debtors accrue approximately $26 million in lease and occupancy-related expenses 
each month, a substantial portion of which is reflected on the Debtors’ books as a liability at any 
given time.  
f. 
Equity Interests 
52. 
The Debtors transitioned from a publicly traded to a privately held company upon 
emergence from the Prior Cases.  JOANN Inc. issued new equity interests to holders of its 
prepetition secured debt and debtor in possession financing facility on account of their claims.  As 
of the Petition Date, JOANN Inc. has 200,000,000 shares of common stock authorized, of which 
100,000,003 shares of common stock are outstanding.  The Debtors have no preferred shares 
outstanding. 
D. 
Restructuring Focused Initiatives 
1. 
Cost-Cutting Initiatives 
53. 
Since emerging from the Prior Cases, and in working to respond to the 
unanticipated vendor constraints following emergence, the Company has implemented cost-
cutting measures to further streamline operations and alleviate liquidity-related pressures.  In 
furtherance of these efforts, in September 2024, JOANN expanded Alvarez & Marsal Consumer 
and Retail Group, LLC’s (“A&M CRG”) engagement to assist with the Company’s ongoing efforts 
 
3  
Motion of Debtors for Entry of Interim and Final Orders (I) Authorizing the Debtors to Pay Certain Prepetition 
Claims of (A) Store Support Vendors, (B) Lien Claimants, and (C) 503(B)(9) Claimants, (II) Confirming 
Administrative Expense Priority of Outstanding Orders, and (III) Granting Related Relief. 
Case 25-10068-CTG    Doc 5    Filed 01/15/25    Page 15 of 53

=== page 16 ===
 
  
16 
to realize cost savings, and, in turn, rebuild profitability and EBITDA (the “Close the Gap 
Project”).4  During the fourth quarter of 2024, the Company, with A&M CRG’s assistance, focused 
their efforts on optimizing costs across major spend areas such as COGS, distribution costs, and 
SG&A (selling, general and administrative).  Such efforts included, among other things, 
renegotiating vendor contracts, securing critical inventory, and implementing cost-saving policy 
changes. 
54. 
The Company’s efforts have borne fruit.  Since September 2024, the Close the Gap 
Project has resulted in more than $34 million of savings across margin, logistics, store operations, 
and corporate functions, ultimately allowing JOANN to exceed projections in December and post 
its first positive year over year comparable sales since July 2023.  
2. 
Retention of Advisors and Contingency Planning 
55. 
Shortly after emerging from the Prior Cases, the Company realized that ongoing 
operational and financial concerns were still looming that would require the support of strategic 
advisors.  Alvarez & Marsal had been engaged to provide interim management and other services, 
including in connection with the Company’s restructuring efforts.  On December 9, 2024, JOANN 
retained Centerview to assist with certain investment banking services in connection with a sale of 
some or all of the Debtors’ assets and potential financing options (including pursuant to a potential 
chapter 11 process).  Finally, on December 20, 2024, JOANN retained Kirkland & Ellis LLP 
(“Kirkland”) as restructuring counsel to assist with these efforts, including with respect to a 
potential chapter 11 filing.  
 
4  
A&M CRG’s engagement on the Close the Gap Project terminated prepetition. 
Case 25-10068-CTG    Doc 5    Filed 01/15/25    Page 16 of 53

=== page 17 ===
 
  
17 
3. 
Corporate Governance Measures 
56. 
In June 2024, shortly after emerging from the Prior Cases, JOANN announced the 
appointment of a new Board of Directors (the “Board”) consisting of five members, and on 
November 27, 2024, the Board formed a special committee (the “Special Committee”) comprised 
of four Board members.  Most recently, in connection with the consideration of strategic 
alternatives and in consultation with its advisors, the Company conducted a review of its existing 
corporate governance infrastructure and determined that it was in the best interest of the Company 
and its stakeholders to expand the composition of the Board.  Accordingly, the Board appointed 
Pamela Corrie and Jill Frizzley to serve as independent directors on December 16 and December 
27, 2024, respectively.5  
57. 
On December 27, 2024, the Board also determined that it would be in the best 
interest of the Company to reconstitute the Special Committee to be comprised solely of Ms. Corrie 
and Ms. Frizzley. At a high level, the Board delegated the tasks of reviewing, analyzing, and 
making recommendations to the Board regarding a corporate transaction, including a chapter 11 
filing, to the Special Committee.   
II. 
EVENTS LEADING TO THE COMMENCEMENT OF THESE CHAPTER 11 
CASES 
58. 
JOANN emerged from the Prior Cases with a de-levered capital structure and a 
comprehensive plan to reduce overhead expenses, right-size its workforce, establish competitive 
pricing strategies, and capitalize on JOANN’s loyal customer base and steady revenue streams.  
However, external market headwinds across the retail industry and complications in JOANN’s 
 
5  
Ms. Corrie was previously a member of the Board from March 13, 2024 to April 30, 2024. 
Case 25-10068-CTG    Doc 5    Filed 01/15/25    Page 17 of 53

=== page 18 ===
 
  
18 
vendor relationships made it impossible for JOANN to service its post-emergence funded debt and 
continue to operate as a going concern, necessitating these Chapter 11 Cases. 
A. 
Post-Bankruptcy Initiatives Were Stunted by Macroeconomic Headwinds 
59. 
Over the last year, the retail industry has faced a stagnant retail economy, marred 
by persistent inflation and high interest rates.  JOANN was not immune to these macroeconomic 
forces, and it attempted to implement its post-emergence plan in the face of these significant 
headwinds. 
1. 
Inflation and High Interest Rates Restricted JOANN’s Post-Emergence 
Growth 
60. 
Inflation and rising interest rates continue to plague the retail industry. As a result, 
nearly twice as many U.S. retailers filed for bankruptcy in 2024 than 2023, and thousands of retail 
stores closed over the last twelve months.  While consumer spending generally appeared to 
improve in the latter half of 2024, inflation-fatigued consumers tended to spend their dollars on 
essentials and low-cost goods, as opposed to craft, décor, and similar products offered by JOANN. 
61. 
Inflation continued to increase throughout the summer and fall of 2024, and 
consumers continued to limit discretionary spending, forcing retailers to choose between increased 
prices or lower profit margins. This led to a sector-wide decline in retail sales in April 2024 and 
continued depressions in retail spending into the summer months.  The struggles in the retail 
industry forced many retailers to cut prices at the same time JOANN was attempting to implement 
its post-emergence business plan.  Indeed, after JOANN emerged from bankruptcy in April 2024, 
one of its key competitors announced lower prices on over 5,000 items in their arts, crafts, DIY, 
and home décor product categories.  Further, JOANN’s loyal customer base had become 
accustomed to competitive pricing in the relatively consolidated arts-and-crafts and home goods 
Case 25-10068-CTG    Doc 5    Filed 01/15/25    Page 18 of 53

=== page 19 ===
 
  
19 
industries, making it further difficult for JOANN to react to macroeconomic pressures across the 
retail sector that were applying downward pressure on margins. 
B. 
Unanticipated 
Inventory 
Challenges 
Post 
Emergence 
Unsustainably 
Depressed Revenue Against Projections 
62. 
In attempting to effectuate its post-emergence business plan, JOANN faced major, 
unforeseen inventory and re-stocking challenges that prevented JOANN from realizing the revenue 
projections it needed to achieve post-emergence to continue as a viable going concern. Those 
inventory and restocking challenges, when combined with the aforementioned macroeconomic 
factors, proved insurmountable and require relief in these Chapter 11 Cases. 
1. 
JOANN Relies on Consistently High In-Stock Levels to Satisfy Its Loyal 
Customer Base and Drive Revenue 
63. 
The Company enjoys a loyal customer base that trust the reliability, quality, and 
availability of JOANN’s products, particularly JOANN’s in-store selection. Consumers prefer to 
touch, see, and feel many of JOANN’s core products, such as yarn and sewing material, for which 
it is the market leader.  Because JOANN’s customer base relies on the ability to experience 
products in person, the success of these product segments is predicated on availability and in-stock 
rates. JOANN typically seeks to maintain, and historically has maintained, in-stock levels at or 
above 90% to accommodate its loyal base. 
64. 
JOANN’s in-stock performance has significant knock-on effects across its product 
lines, because JOANN’s customers are “project customers.”  A project customer comes into the 
store intending to buy all the materials needed to complete a project.  On average, JOANN 
customers purchase between five and six products per trip.  But when the store is missing items 
necessary to complete the “project,” customers will put their basket down, abandon the purchase 
altogether, and plan to return when all project items become available.  This means that if JOANN 
has a stock shortage on a specific product, the associated revenue impact can be exponential and 
Case 25-10068-CTG    Doc 5    Filed 01/15/25    Page 19 of 53

=== page 20 ===
 
  
20 
impact a number of related products that would fall into the same ‘basket’ as the out-of-stock 
product.  This impact is generally margin agnostic.  Thus, higher margin items—i.e. sewing 
machines—suffer when the store lacks the customer’s desired inputs, such as sewing thread. 
65. 
The behavior of JOANN’s consumers makes maintaining in-stock levels a critical 
aspect of JOANN’s operational success. 
2. 
Vendor Uncertainty Set in Motion an Unforeseen and Delayed Supply 
Crunch 
66. 
As discussed above, the business plan following the Prior Cases was premised, in 
part, on vendors shipping on terms largely commensurate with pre-bankruptcy levels in the post-
emergence, particularly because such vendors were not impaired under the Prior Cases.  Against 
all expectations, however, and unbeknownst to JOANN, many suppliers began halting production 
of key JOANN retail items and ramping down entire production lines following the Prior Cases 
for products that were critical to JOANN’s post-emergence business plan. This created a snowball 
effect with respect to those vendors who were continuing to provide product, resulting in tighter 
credit limits, shortened payment terms, partial shipments, and increased prices.  
3. 
Efforts to Remedy Unforeseen Product Issues Provide an Incomplete 
Solution  
67. 
While implementing the post-emergence business plan, JOANN’s struggle with 
stocking key items continued to deepen as time went on, ultimately reaching historical lows.  The 
Company experienced significant inventory and stocking issues that saw in-stock levels dip well 
below 90% in the summer of 2024—the lowest levels the Company has experienced in over a 
decade. JOANN initially took steps to provide sufficient financial assurances to its vendors to 
enable prepetition flow of product to JOANN’s stores.  But despite providing adequate financial 
reassurance to vendors and receiving corresponding commitments to prepetition supply terms from 
vendors, JOANN’s in-stock levels continued to suffer throughout the late summer and into the fall 
Case 25-10068-CTG    Doc 5    Filed 01/15/25    Page 20 of 53

=== page 21 ===
 
  
21 
of 2024. One of JOANN’s strongest product segments, sewing, suffered stocking issues into and 
through fall 2024. Revenue and profitability fell linearly with the record-low in-stock levels, 
making it difficult to service even the restructured debt load resulting from the Prior Cases. 
68. 
In connection with an extended period of inadequate in-stock levels despite JOANN 
having addressed the vendor financial issues that it perceived to be limiting supply, the Company 
audited its supply chain in fall 2024 and discovered that many vendors did not promptly resume 
prepetition production levels after the Company emerged from bankruptcy in April 2024, if at all.  
Certain vendors that did increase production or return to normal production levels did so only 
sporadically, such that they could not regularly meet the Company’s need for product or produce 
sufficient product to meet the inventory shortfalls that the Company was facing post-emergence. 
When vendors were finally able to deliver product in large amounts to try and make up for the 
inventory shortfalls, the vendors delivered product in batch sizes much larger than ordinary course, 
which overloaded freight receiving capacities and complicated shipment to stores and stocking of 
product. 
69. 
In the fall of 2024, following the results of its audit, the Company placed additional 
emphasis on restoring in-stock percentages to historical levels. But the products stocked by the 
Company generally require approximately 120 days lead time.  As a result, even by the time the 
Company diagnosed the root cause of its supply chain delays and the failures to restart production 
by its vendors, the Company still needed many additional months to return to normal in-stock 
levels.  Nevertheless, in-stock levels recovered slowly.  As they did, top-line revenue and 
profitability also improved—as had been expected, but not realized, in the period immediately 
following the Company’s Prior Cases.  By the time the Company turned around in-stock levels, its 
Case 25-10068-CTG    Doc 5    Filed 01/15/25    Page 21 of 53

=== page 22 ===
 
  
22 
liquidity had suffered too greatly to allow the Company to service its reduced debt load while 
responsibly operating the business, ultimately necessitating these Chapter 11 Cases. 
III. 
ANTICIPATED PATH FORWARD 
70. 
Against the backdrop of inventory shortages, unpredictable delivery schedules, and 
a resulting reduction in borrowing availability under its existing credit facilities, the Debtors filed 
these Chapter 11 Cases with three primary goals. First and foremost, the Debtors are focused on 
responsibly operating the business for key operational stakeholders, including employees, vendors, 
and customers, which requires continued access to cash under the supervision of the Bankruptcy 
Court.  Second, the Debtors need to ensure Centerview can complete its marketing process. As 
recent performance has shown, this Company has going-concern potential if given an opportunity 
to achieve that potential.  Third, the Debtors need sufficient liquidity and access to liquidity to 
accommodate the foregoing, while ensuring these Chapter 11 Cases do not languish and crater 
under the weight of themselves.    
IV. 
FACTS SUPPORTING RELIEF SOUGHT IN FIRST DAY MOTIONS 
71. 
I am familiar with the information contained in each First Day Motion and believe 
that the relief sought in each motion: (a) is vital to enabling the Debtors to make the transition to, 
and operate in, chapter 11 with minimal employee attrition and disruption to their business, and 
without loss of productivity or value, (b) constitutes a critical element in the Debtors’ ability to 
successfully maximize value for the benefit of their estates, and (c) is a prudent exercise of the 
Debtors’ business judgement.  A description of the relief requested and the facts supporting each 
of the First Day Motions is detailed in Exhibit A.
Case 25-10068-CTG    Doc 5    Filed 01/15/25    Page 22 of 53

=== page 23 ===
 
 
Pursuant to 28 U.S.C. § 1746, I declare under penalty of perjury that the foregoing 
statements are true and correct to the best of my knowledge, information, and belief. 
Dated: January 15, 2025 
 
 
Hudson, Ohio 
/s/Michael Prendergast 
Michael Prendergast 
Interim Chief Executive Officer 
 
Case 25-10068-CTG    Doc 5    Filed 01/15/25    Page 23 of 53

=== page 24 ===
 
 
Exhibit A 
 
Evidentiary Support for First Day Motions 
Case 25-10068-CTG    Doc 5    Filed 01/15/25    Page 24 of 53

=== page 25 ===
 
 
EVIDENTIARY SUPPORT FOR FIRST DAY MOTIONS1 
I. Administrative and Procedural Motions. 
A. 
Motion of Debtors for Entry of Interim and Final Orders (I) Authorizing the 
Debtors to (A) Serve Certain Parties in Interest by Email, (B) Approve the 
Form and Manner of Service of the Notice of Commencement, (C) Redact or 
Withhold Certain Confidential Information of Customers, and (D) Redact 
Certain Personally Identifiable Information of Individuals, and (II) Granting 
Related Relief (the “Creditor Matrix Motion”). 
1. 
Pursuant to the Creditor Matrix Motion, the Debtors seek entry of interim and final 
orders (a) authorizing the Debtors to (i) serve certain parties in interest by email, (ii) approve the 
form and manner of service of the notice of commencement of these chapter 11 cases, (iii) redact 
or withhold certain confidential information of customers, and (iv) redact certain personally 
identifiable information of individuals; and (b) granting related relief. 
2. 
Authorization to Provide Service via Email or a One Page Notice of the 
Bankruptcy By Mail.  I believe that serving notices by traditional mail is cost-prohibitive given 
the size of the Debtors’ creditor matrix and the total amount of cash collateral available to fund 
these chapter 11 cases.  Serving notices by traditional mail would drain a material amount of the 
Debtors’ available cash at a time when such funds could instead be used to support the Debtors’ 
restructuring efforts.  In addition, email service will help alleviate administrative burdens.  
Accordingly, the Debtors request authority to serve all required notice (and other documents) by 
email, or, where a customer’s email address is unavailable to the Debtors, serve a one-page notice 
of the bankruptcy by first class mail. 
 
1 
Capitalized terms used but not defined have the meanings ascribed to them in the applicable First Day Motion 
filed contemporaneously herewith.  All exhibits attached to the applicable First Day Motion or interim or final 
order thereof are incorporated by reference herein. 
Case 25-10068-CTG    Doc 5    Filed 01/15/25    Page 25 of 53

=== page 26 ===
 
  
2 
3. 
Redaction of Certain Confidential Information of Customers.  The Debtors’ 
customer list, and related customer data, is an important and valuable asset of the Debtors, and it 
is vital that the Debtors maintain their customer list in strict confidence.  In addition, privacy and 
data protection regulations have been enacted in key jurisdictions in which the Debtors and their 
non-Debtor affiliate do business.  Accordingly, cause exists to authorize the Debtors to redact from 
any paper filed or to be filed the names, home addresses, and email addresses of the Debtors’ 
customers.   
4. 
Redaction of Certain Personally Identifiable Information.  I believe that it is 
appropriate to authorize the Debtors to redact from any paper filed or to be filed with the Court in 
these chapter 11 cases, including, but not limited to, the Creditor Matrix, Schedules and 
Statements, and any related affidavits of service, the home and email addresses of natural 
persons—including the Debtors’ individual equity holders, customers, employees, and 
independent contractors—because, respectively, (a) such information can be used to perpetrate 
identity theft and phishing scams or to locate survivors of domestic violence, harassment, or 
stalking under 11 U.S.C. § 107(c)(1), and (b) disclosure risks exposing the Debtors to potential 
civil liability and significant financial penalties.   
5. 
Approving the Form and Manner of the Service of the Notice of Commencement 
of these Chapter 11 Cases.  I believe that it is appropriate to authorize the Debtors to use Kroll, 
the Debtors’ proposed Claims and Noticing Agent, to undertake all mailings and email service, as 
applicable, directed by the Court or the U.S. Trustee or as required by the Bankruptcy Code or 
Bankruptcy Rules, including serving the Notice of Commencement on all parties listed on the 
Creditor Matrix to advise them of the meeting of creditors under section 341 of the Bankruptcy 
Code.  This will maximize efficiency in administering these chapter 11 cases and will ease 
Case 25-10068-CTG    Doc 5    Filed 01/15/25    Page 26 of 53

=== page 27 ===
 
  
3 
administrative burdens that would otherwise fall upon the Court and the U.S. Trustee.  
Accordingly, I believe allowing the Claims and Noticing Agent to undertake all mailings and email 
service, including the Notice of Commencement, is in the best interests of the Debtors’ estates. 
6. 
For the foregoing reasons, I believe that the relief requested in the Creditor Matrix 
Motion is in the best interests of the Debtors’ estates, their creditors, and all other parties in interest. 
B. 
Motion of Debtors for Entry of an Order (I) Directing the Joint 
Administration of Chapter 11 Cases, and (II) Granting Related Relief 
(the “Joint Administration Motion”). 
7. 
Pursuant to the Joint Administration Motion, the Debtors seek entry of an order 
directing procedural consolidation and joint administration of these chapter 11 cases.  Given the 
integrated nature of the Debtors’ operations, joint administration of these chapter 11 cases will 
provide significant administrative convenience without harming the substantive rights of any party 
in interest.  Many of the motions, hearings, and orders in these chapter 11 cases will affect each 
Debtor entity.  The entry of an order directing joint administration of these chapter 11 cases will 
reduce fees and costs by avoiding duplicative filings, objections, or multiple hearings on common 
issues.  Joint administration also will allow the Office of the United States Trustee for the District 
of Delaware and all parties in interest to monitor these chapter 11 cases with greater ease 
and efficiency.   
8. 
Moreover, joint administration will not adversely affect the Debtors’ constituencies 
because this motion seeks only administrative, not substantive, consolidation of the Debtors’ 
estates.  Parties in interest will not be harmed by the relief requested; instead, parties in interest 
will benefit from the (a) cost reductions associated with the joint administration of these chapter 11 
cases and (b) ease of reference to one main case docket of JOANN Inc. throughout the chapter 11 
cases.  For the foregoing reasons, I believe that the relief requested in the Joint Administration 
Motion is in the best interests of the Debtors’ estates, their creditors, and all other parties in interest. 
Case 25-10068-CTG    Doc 5    Filed 01/15/25    Page 27 of 53

=== page 28 ===
 
  
4 
C. 
Application of Debtors for Entry of an Order (I) Authorizing the Appointment 
of Kroll Restructuring Administration LLC as the Claims and Noticing Agent 
Effective as of the Petition Date, and (II) Granting Related Relief 
(the “Kroll Retention Application”). 
9. 
Pursuant to the Kroll Retention Application, the Debtors seek entry of an order 
appointing Kroll Restructuring Administration LLC (“Kroll”) as claims and noticing agent 
(the “Claims and Noticing Agent”) in the Debtors’ chapter 11 cases effective as of the Petition 
Date including assuming full responsibility for the distribution of notices, and maintenance, 
processing, and docketing of proofs of claim filed in these chapter 11 cases, in each case, pursuant 
to the terms of the engagement agreement, dated January 3, 2025, between the Debtors and Kroll. 
10. 
Based on my discussions with the Debtors’ advisors, I believe that the Debtors’ 
selection of Kroll to act as the Claims and Noticing Agent is appropriate under the circumstances, 
is in the best interests of the estates, and satisfies the Claims Agent Protocol.  Moreover, it is my 
understanding, based on all engagement proposals obtained and reviewed, that Kroll’s rates are 
competitive and comparable to the rates charged by their competitors for similar services.   
11. 
The Debtors anticipate that there will be hundreds of thousands of persons and 
entities to be noticed in these chapter 11 cases.  In light of the number of parties in interest and the 
complexity of the Debtors’ business, the appointment of a claims and noticing agent is in the best 
interests of the Debtors’ estates, their creditors, and all other parties in interest because it will 
provide the most effective and efficient means of and relieve the Debtors and/or the Clerk’s office 
of the administrative burden of, noticing and processing proofs of claim.  For the foregoing 
reasons, I believe that the relief requested in the Kroll Retention Application is in the best interest 
of the Debtors’ estates, their creditors, and all other parties in interest. 
Case 25-10068-CTG    Doc 5    Filed 01/15/25    Page 28 of 53

=== page 29 ===
 
  
5 
II. Operational Motions. 
A. 
Motion of Debtors for Entry of Interim and Final Orders (I) Authorizing the 
Debtors to (A) Maintain Insurance, Surety Coverage, and Letters of Credit 
Entered into Prepetition and Satisfy Prepetition Obligations Related Thereto, 
(B) Renew, Amend, Supplement, Extend, or Purchase Insurance Policies, 
Surety Bonds, and Letters of Credit, and (C) Continue to Pay Broker Fees, 
and (II) Granting Related Relief (the “Insurance Motion”). 
12. 
Pursuant to the Insurance Motion, the Debtors seek entry of interim and final orders 
(a) authorizing, but not directing, the Debtors to (i) maintain coverage under the Insurance Policies, 
Surety Bonds, and Letters of Credit and pay any related obligations and (ii) renew, amend, 
supplement, extend, or purchase insurance, surety coverage, and letters of credit in the ordinary 
course of business and consistent with prepetition practice, and (iii) continue to pay certain broker 
fees, and (b) granting related relief. 
13. 
The Debtors’ ability to maintain the Insurance Policies, to renew, amend, 
supplement, extend, or purchase the same as needed, and to enter into new insurance policies as 
needed in the ordinary course of business, is essential to preserving the value of the Debtors’ 
estates.  Moreover, in many instances, insurance is required by statutes, rules, regulations, and 
contracts that govern the Debtors’ commercial activities, including the requirements of the Office 
of the United States Trustee for the District of Delaware that a debtor maintain adequate coverage 
given the circumstances of its chapter 11 case.    
14. 
The Insurance Policies and Surety Bonds.  In the ordinary course of business, the 
Debtors maintain approximately 46 Insurance Policies administered by various third-party 
insurance carriers, as well as approximately 130 Surety Bonds.  The Insurance Policies provide 
coverage for, among other things, general commercial liability, crime, casualty, cargo, cyber, 
worker’s compensation and employer’s liability, directors’ and officers’ liability, key man, 
first-party property losses, and various other liability and property losses.  The total amount paid 
Case 25-10068-CTG    Doc 5    Filed 01/15/25    Page 29 of 53

=== page 30 ===
 
  
6 
in annual and other premiums and payments associated with the Insurance Policies is 
approximately $13.5 million in the aggregate. The Surety Bonds are issued in favor of certain third 
parties, often governmental units or other public agencies, to secure the payment or performance 
of certain obligations.  The total paid in annual premiums for the Surety Bonds is approximately 
$107,000 in the aggregate.  As of the Petition Date, the Debtors estimate that outstanding premiums 
of approximately $3.5 million in the aggregate are due and owing on account of the Insurance 
Policies.  Because all of the Insurance Policies are vital to efficiently administer the Debtors’ 
estates during the pendency of these Chapter 11 Cases, the Debtors seek authority, but not 
direction, to pay any prepetition amounts due and owing in connection with the Insurance Policies 
in the ordinary course of business and consistent with prepetition practice.   
15. 
Brokers Fees.  The Debtors typically obtain the Insurance Policies through Aon 
Risk Services Central, Inc. (“Aon” or the “Broker”).  The Broker, among other things, (a) assists 
the Debtors in obtaining comprehensive insurance and surety coverage for their operations in a 
cost-effective manner, (b) provides claim services, and (c) provides certain risk control and 
support services throughout the applicable policy periods for the Insurance Policies 
(collectively, the “Broker Services”).  In exchange for these services, the Debtors pay broker 
commissions and, in some circumstances, certain other contingent forms of compensation from 
the Insurance Carriers, which are typically incorporated into the premiums of the Insurance 
Policies and paid at the same time the Debtors pay their premiums.  In 2024, the Debtors paid Aon 
approximately $280,000 on account of the Broker Services.  In addition to the Broker Services, 
the Debtors engage Aon to provide actual services, including risk forecasting and other services to 
improve the Debtors’ insurance efficiency and risk profile.  The Debtors pay approximately 
$54,000 annually on account of such actuarial services (together with the fees on account of the 
Case 25-10068-CTG    Doc 5    Filed 01/15/25    Page 30 of 53

=== page 31 ===
 
  
7 
Broker Services, the “Broker Fees”).  As of the Petition Date, the Debtors believe they are current 
with Aon on account of Broker Fees.  However, out of an abundance of caution and to ensure 
uninterrupted coverage under the Insurance Policies, the Debtors seek authority, but not direction, 
to pay any prepetition Broker Fees and to continue to honor their obligations to the Broker as they 
come due in the ordinary course of business on a postpetition basis consistent with past practice. 
16. 
For the foregoing reasons, I believe that the relief requested in the Insurance Motion 
is in the best interests of the Debtors’ estates, their creditors, and all other parties in interest, and 
will enable the Debtors to continue to facilitate a timely and efficient process to maximize the 
value of the Debtors’ estates for the benefit of all stakeholders.   
B. 
Motion of Debtors for Entry of Interim and Final Orders (I) Authorizing the 
Debtors to (A) Continue to Operate the Cash Management System, (B) Honor 
Certain Prepetition Obligations Related Thereto, (C) Maintain Existing 
Business Forms, and (D) Continue to Perform Intercompany Transactions, 
and (II) Granting Related Relief (the “Cash Management Motion”). 
17. 
Pursuant to the Cash Management Motion, the Debtors seek entry of interim and 
final orders: (a) authorizing the Debtors to (i) continue to operate their Cash Management System 
and maintain their existing Bank Accounts, (ii) honor certain prepetition obligations related 
thereto, (iii) maintain existing Business Forms in the ordinary course of business, and (iv) continue 
to perform the Intercompany Transactions consistent with historical practices, and (b) granting 
related relief. 
18. 
In the ordinary course of business, the Debtors, together with their non-Debtor 
affiliate, maintain the Cash Management System to facilitate the efficient operation of their 
business, as illustrated on Exhibit 1 annexed to the Interim Order and Final Order attached to the 
Cash Management Motion.  The Cash Management System is similar to those commonly 
employed by businesses comparable in size and scale to the Debtors to help control funds, ensure 
cash availability for each entity, and reduce administrative expenses by facilitating the movement 
Case 25-10068-CTG    Doc 5    Filed 01/15/25    Page 31 of 53

=== page 32 ===
 
  
8 
of funds among multiple entities.  The Debtors use the Cash Management System in the ordinary 
course of their business to collect, transfer, and disburse funds generated from their operations and 
to facilitate cash monitoring, forecasting, and reporting.  I believe that it is critical that the Debtors’ 
Cash Management System remain in place on a postpetition basis, as any further disruption would 
have an immediate adverse effect on the Debtors’ businesses and operations to the detriment of 
the Debtors’ estates and to their stakeholders.  Accordingly, to minimize disruption, the Debtors 
request authority, but not direction, to continue operating their Cash Management System in the 
ordinary course on a postpetition basis, consistent with historical practices. 
19. 
The Bank Accounts and Flow of Funds.  As of the Petition Date, the Debtors 
maintain 826 bank accounts (each, a “Bank Account” and, collectively, the “Bank Accounts”) all of 
which are owned and controlled by the Debtors.  Debtor Jo-Ann Stores, LLC (“Jo-Ann Stores”) 
holds 803 Bank Accounts on behalf of a specific one of the Debtors’ retail stores.  Jo-Ann Stores 
also holds:  (a) eight (8) depository accounts; (b) a main concentration account; (c) a funding 
account; and (d) seven (7) assorted disbursement accounts, (e) one (1) Dormant Account, and (f) 
one (1) inactive account.  The remaining Bank Accounts consist of two (2) main accounts held by 
Debtors JOANN Inc., and Creative Tech Solutions LLC (“Creative Tech Solutions”), one (1) 
operating account held by Debtor Jo-Ann Stores Support Center, Inc. (“JASSC”), and one (1) 
operating account held by Dittopatterns LLC. 
20. 
The Debtor Bank Accounts are held at the following institutions: 
• 
15 Bank Accounts held at Bank of America; 
• 
2 Bank Accounts held at Heartland Bank and Trust Company; 
• 
1 Bank Account held at JPMorgan Chase Bank, N.A.; 
• 
23 Bank Accounts held at KeyBank National Association; 
• 
42 Bank Accounts held at The PNC Financial Services Group, Inc.; 
Case 25-10068-CTG    Doc 5    Filed 01/15/25    Page 32 of 53

=== page 33 ===
 
  
9 
• 
15 Bank Accounts held at Regions Financial Corporation; 
• 
371 Bank Accounts held at U.S. Bank National Association; and 
• 
357 Bank Accounts held Wells Fargo Bank, N.A. 
21. 
Compliance with the U.S. Trustee Guidelines and Section 345 of the Bankruptcy 
Code.  The Debtors’ Bank Accounts are maintained at Banks that are well-capitalized and 
sophisticated financial institutions.  All of the Banks are insured by the FDIC.  With the exception 
of Heartland, all of the Banks are Authorized Depositories.  The Debtors maintain one store-level 
Bank Account and one corresponding Depository Account at Heartland.  Heartland is a 
well-capitalized, financially stable, and reputable financial institution.  The amounts in the 
Heartland Accounts are well below the FDIC-insured limits and are swept daily to the Jo-Ann 
Stores Main Account.   
22. 
I believe that requiring the Debtors to transfer any of the Heartland Accounts to a 
designated Authorized Depository would place an excessive administrative burden on the Debtors, 
particularly where all of the Bank Accounts are held at well-capitalized and sophisticated financial 
institutions that are insured by the FDIC.  To the extent the Court determines that the requirements 
of section 345(b) of the Bankruptcy Code or the U.S. Trustee Guidelines are not satisfied, the 
Debtors request a thirty (30) day suspension of such requirements, subject to the Debtors’ rights 
to seek further extensions.   
23. 
Bank Fees.  The Debtors incur periodic service charges and other fees in 
connection with maintaining and operating the Bank Accounts.  As of the Petition Date, the 
Debtors estimate that they owe approximately $150,000 in prepetition Bank Fees.  The Debtors 
request authority, but not direction, to pay any prepetition Bank Fees for prepetition transactions 
that are charged postpetition and to continue to pay the Bank Fees in the ordinary course on a 
postpetition basis. 
Case 25-10068-CTG    Doc 5    Filed 01/15/25    Page 33 of 53

=== page 34 ===
 
  
10 
24. 
Intercompany Transactions.  In the ordinary course of business, the Debtors 
routinely maintain and engage in business transactions with each other (such transactions, 
the “Intercompany Transactions”), resulting in intercompany receivables and payables 
(the “Intercompany Claims”).  The Debtors generally account for and record all Intercompany 
Transactions and Intercompany Claims in their centralized accounting system, the results of which 
are recorded on the Debtors’ balance sheets and regularly reconciled. 
25. 
Most Intercompany Transactions are conducted pursuant to intercompany trade 
arrangements.  Debtors Joann.com LLC and Jo-Ann Stores are each party to separate service 
agreements with Debtor JASSC (each, a “Support Services Agreement”).  Pursuant to the Support 
Services Agreements, JASSC provides certain administrative support services in exchange for an 
annual fee.  Services provided include, among others, administrative, financial planning and 
budgeting, marketing and public relations, risk management, logistics, merchandising support, 
human resources, IT, inventory management, web development and other consulting and advisory 
services.  For the twelve-month period ending December 31, 2024, Joann.com and Jo-Ann 
Stores LLC paid JASSC approximately $150 million in total pursuant to the Support 
Services Agreements.   
26. 
Instead of transferring cash between different entities’ Bank Accounts to pay 
amounts owed under the Support Services Agreements, Joann.com, Jo-Ann Stores, and JASSC are 
each party to an intercompany note (each, an “Intercompany Note”).  Under each Intercompany 
Note, the applicable maker owes the lesser of $1,000,000 or the aggregate unpaid amount of all 
advances by the applicable obligor on behalf of such maker pursuant to the Support Services 
Agreement between such parties.  Debtor Jo-Ann Stores is also party to two leases with 
Debtor JASSC, which are for one of the Debtors’ store premises and a distribution center, both 
Case 25-10068-CTG    Doc 5    Filed 01/15/25    Page 34 of 53

=== page 35 ===
 
  
11 
located in Hudson, Ohio.  Rent under the leases accrues monthly to the balance of the 
Intercompany Note for which Debtor Jo-Ann Stores is the maker.  Debtor Creativebug, LLC is 
also party to an intercompany note in favor of JASSC and accounts for advances made by JASSC 
to Creativebug. 
27. 
Additionally, the Debtors have historically transacted with Jo-Ann Trading 
(Shanghai) Co., Ltd. (“JATS” or the “non-Debtor Affiliate”), a wholly-owned foreign subsidiary 
of Debtor Jo-Ann Stores.  JATS and Jo-Ann Stores are party to a services contract to assist with 
the sourcing of merchandise from China.  The Debtors do not intend to make any payments or 
distributions to JATS during the pendency of these chapter 11 cases under the JATS 
Services Agreement. 
28. 
I believe that any discontinuation of the Intercompany Transactions would 
unnecessarily disrupt the Cash Management System and the Debtors’ operations to the detriment 
of the Debtors, their creditors, and other stakeholders.  Accordingly, the Debtors seek authority, 
but not direction, to continue to engage in Intercompany Transactions and grant administrative 
expense status under section 364 of the Bankruptcy Code to Intercompany Claims as a result of 
postpetition Intercompany Transactions.  For the avoidance of doubt, the Debtors are not seeking 
relief to perform Intercompany Transactions with the non-Debtor Affiliate.  
29. 
Business Forms.  As part of the Cash Management System, the Debtors utilize 
numerous business forms in the ordinary course of their business, including letterhead, purchase 
orders, invoices, and checks.  The U.S. Trustee Guidelines require that the Banks print “Debtor in 
Possession” and the bankruptcy case number on checks issued after the Petition Date.  With respect 
to any checks that are generated electronically after the Petition Date, the Debtors will update such 
checks to indicate their status as “Debtor in Possession” and the bankruptcy case numbers.  
Case 25-10068-CTG    Doc 5    Filed 01/15/25    Page 35 of 53

=== page 36 ===
 
  
12 
However, out of an abundance of caution, the Debtors request that, to the extent there are any pre-
printed checks and other Business Forms, the Court authorize the Debtors’ continued use of all 
such Business Forms in existence immediately before the Petition Date, without reference to the 
Debtors’ status as debtors in possession to minimize expenses to their estates and avoid confusion 
on the part of employees, customers, vendors, and suppliers during the pendency of these 
chapter 11 cases. 
30. 
For the foregoing reasons, I believe that the relief requested in the Cash 
Management Motion is in the best interests of the Debtors’ estates, their creditors, and other parties 
in interest. 
C. 
Motion of Debtors for Entry of Interim and Final Orders (I) Authorizing the 
Debtors to (A) Maintain and Administer Their Customer Programs and (B) 
Honor 
Prepetition 
Obligations, 
and 
(II) 
Granting 
Related 
Relief 
(the “Customer Programs Motion”). 
31. 
The Debtors historically have provided certain pricing incentives, discounts, and 
other accommodations to their customers to attract and maintain positive customer relationships.  
The Debtors believe that their ability to continue, modify, or terminate the Customer Programs 
and to honor any obligations thereunder is necessary to retain their reputation, comply with their 
legal obligations, meet competitive market pressures, and ensure customer satisfaction.  This will 
ensure that the Debtors may retain current customers, attract new ones, and, ultimately, enhance 
revenue and profitability for the benefit of all the Debtors’ stakeholders.  In light of the importance 
of the Customer Programs to the Debtors’ businesses, the Debtors request authority to continue to 
honor obligations related to these programs in the ordinary course of business as described in the 
Customer Programs Motion. 
32. 
Gift Cards. In the ordinary course of business, the Debtors have available for 
purchase in their stores prepaid, non-expiring gift cards (the “Gift Cards”).  Gift Cards are also 
Case 25-10068-CTG    Doc 5    Filed 01/15/25    Page 36 of 53

=== page 37 ===
 
  
13 
issued in connection with certain returns of products.  They can be redeemed in stores or online 
for products at a later date.  The Debtors believe that honoring all outstanding Gift Cards is 
essential to maintaining a healthy relationship with their customers and mitigating potential 
adverse publicity resulting from the bankruptcy filings.  As of the Petition Date, the Debtors 
estimate that they have Gift Cards with an aggregate value of approximately $55 million 
outstanding that have not yet been redeemed.  The Debtors request that the Court authorize the 
Debtors to modify the Gift Cards such that Customers may only continue to redeem Gift Cards for 
fourteen days following the consummation of any sale transaction, solely with respect to those 
purchased or issued prepetition. 
33. 
Promotions. In the ordinary course of business, the Debtors regularly conduct sales 
promotions in their stores, online, and through direct mail campaigns, as well as under the Debtors’ 
JOANN Smiles rewards program (collectively, the “Promotions”).  The Debtors’ Promotions have 
included, for instance, pricing discounts, “buy x get y” offers, birthday rewards, and other similar 
Promotions.  The Debtors believe that the Promotions are in the best interest of the customers, as 
well as in their own best interests to help to grow the client base and inure to the benefit of the 
estates.  The Promotions do not require any cash expenditures from the Debtors.  Accordingly, as 
of the Petition Date, the Debtors believe there are no outstanding prepetition amounts owed on 
account of the Promotions.  The Debtors seek authority to discontinue the JOANN Smiles reward 
program as of the consummation of any sale transaction and to continue to utilize Promotions other 
than the JOANN Smiles reward program, including redeeming any coupons issued prepetition 
pursuant to the Promotions and honoring any obligations in connection therewith whether arising 
prior to or after the Petition Date, in the ordinary course for up to fourteen days following the 
consummation of any sale transaction. 
Case 25-10068-CTG    Doc 5    Filed 01/15/25    Page 37 of 53

=== page 38 ===
 
  
14 
34. 
Refund and Exchange Policy. In the ordinary course of business, the Debtors 
accept returns or exchanges from their customers if a customer is not satisfied with their purchase 
for any reason with no time limits on the date of return (the “Refund and Exchange Policy”).  Under 
the Refund and Exchange Policy, a customer is entitled to either (a) a refund of the full purchase 
price of the product if the return is accompanied by an original sales receipt or packing slip or 
(b) an exchange or store credit in the form of a Gift Card based on the lowest price of the product 
of the last ninety days.  With respect to sewing machines sold by the Debtors specifically, any such 
machine purchased from the Debtors that was damaged can be brought by the purchaser to a retail 
location of the Debtors to be exchanged for a non-damaged machine.  The Debtors believe that 
continuing its Refund and Exchange Policy is in the best interest of the customers as well as in 
their own best interests to help to maintain their strong relationships with customers.  While, on 
average, the Debtors processed approximately $5.1 million per month of refunds and exchanges 
during the twelve-month period prior to the Petition Date, these expenditures only arise when a 
return or exchange is requested.  Accordingly, as of the Petition Date, the Debtors believe there 
are no outstanding prepetition amounts owed on account of the Refund and Exchange Policy, and 
the Debtors seek authority to continue to utilize the Refund and Exchange Policy for up to fourteen 
days following the consummation of any sale transaction and to honor any obligations in 
connection therewith whether arising prior to or after the Petition Date for up to fourteen days 
following the consummation of any sale transaction.  Additionally, the Debtors also seek authority 
to modify the Refund and Exchange Policy such that all sales are considered “final” as of the 
Closing Date. 
35. 
Charitable Programs. In the ordinary course of business, the Debtors participate in 
a number of charitable programs (the “Charitable Programs”), partnering with organizations such 
Case 25-10068-CTG    Doc 5    Filed 01/15/25    Page 38 of 53

=== page 39 ===
 
  
15 
as the Children’s Miracle Network, St. Jude’s Children’s Hospital, and Susan G. Komen.  These 
Charitable Programs include corporate donations for sponsorships as well as donations collected 
from customers at checkout that are then passed on to charitable partners.  The customer donations 
program is operated through a coinbox system as well as a point-of-sale system.  The Debtors 
believe that continuing the Charitable Programs is in the best interest of the Debtors because it 
helps them maintain a benevolent reputation and ensures that they are able to leverage their success 
to the benefit of the communities in which they operate.  As of the Petition Date, the Debtors had 
approximately $1.3 million in donations payable under the point-of-sale system and approximately 
$300,000 in donations payable under the coinbox system.  The Debtors request that the Court 
authorize the Debtors to continue operating their Charitable Programs, without interruption, in the 
ordinary course of business and to honor their prepetition obligations thereunder totaling $1.6 
million. 
36. 
For the foregoing reasons, I believe that the relief requested in the Customer 
Programs Motion is in the best interests of the Debtors’ estates, their creditors, and other parties 
in interest. 
D. 
Motion of Debtors for Entry of Interim and Final Orders (I) Authorizing the 
Debtors to (A) Pay Prepetition Wages, Salaries, Other Compensation, and 
Reimbursable Expenses and (B) Continue Employee Benefits Programs, and 
(II) Granting Related Relief (the “Wages Motion”).  
37. 
Pursuant to the Wages Motion, the Debtors seek entry of interim and final orders  
(a) authorizing, but not directing, the Debtors to:  (i) pay prepetition wages, salaries, other 
compensation, and reimbursable expenses on account of the Compensation and Benefits (as 
defined in the Wages Motion) and (ii) continue to administer the Compensation and Benefits 
programs in the ordinary course, including payment of certain related prepetition obligations, and 
(b) granting related relief. 
Case 25-10068-CTG    Doc 5    Filed 01/15/25    Page 39 of 53

=== page 40 ===
 
  
16 
38. 
As of the Petition Date, the Debtors’ workforce comprises 19,000 employees 
(the “Employees”) whose skills and knowledge are essential to the Debtors’ assets, operations, and 
ability to pursue a value maximizing sale or sales in these chapter 11 cases.  The Debtors engage 
Contractors (as defined in the Wages Motion) in a variety of capacities, such as independent 
contractors, temporary staff, and independent consultants, to provide interim or specialty services 
for certain targeted transactions or projects on an as-needed basis, including back-office functions 
such as information technology and human resources support.  The Contractors provide flexibility 
to the Debtors’ workforce and enables the Debtors to meet their operational needs in a 
cost-effective and efficient manner.  The Contractors are sourced and paid through approximately 
fifteen staffing agencies.  The Contractors were, and will continue to be, an important supplement 
to the efforts of the Debtors’ Employees.  Together, the Employees and Contractors perform a 
variety of critical functions throughout the Debtors’ business, including, among other things, 
operating and managing the Debtors’ retail stores and distribution centers, procuring raw materials 
and goods, and providing necessary administrative, managerial, and financial support services.   
39. 
The Debtors offer certain Health and Welfare Benefits to eligible Employees, 
including the Medical and Dental Plans, Vision Plan, Pre-Tax Contribution Health Savings 
Accounts, Life and Disability Program, Workers’ Compensation Program, and Other Employee 
Benefit Programs.  Additionally, the Debtors offer Employee Assistance Programs that pair 
Employees with certain face-to-face counseling services, eldercare support, legal consultation, 
financial education and planning, adoption, as well as identity theft prevention and recovery. 
40. 
In many instances, the Debtors’ Employees and Contractors rely exclusively on 
their Compensation and Benefits to pay their daily living expenses and to support their families.  
Employees and Contractors will be exposed to significant financial hardship and may leave the 
Case 25-10068-CTG    Doc 5    Filed 01/15/25    Page 40 of 53

=== page 41 ===
 
  
17 
employ of the Company to the detriment of the estates in the event the Debtors are not permitted 
to continue paying wages and salaries, providing employee benefits, and maintaining existing 
employee programs in the ordinary course of business. 
41. 
In addition, the Debtors also seek to pay all costs incidental to the Employee 
Compensation and Benefits programs.  As set forth below, the Debtors seek authority, but not 
direction, to pay, remit, or reimburse, as applicable, the following aggregate prepetition amounts 
on account of the Compensation and Benefits programs set forth in the table below:  
42. 
For all of these reasons, the Debtors would suffer immediate and irreparable harm 
to their business without the relief sought in the Wages Motion.  The Debtors’ Employees and 
Contractors are critical to the Debtors’ efforts to pursue a value maximizing sale or sales.  For the 
foregoing reasons, I believe the relief requested in the Wages Motion is in the best interests of the 
Debtors’ estates, their creditors, and all other parties in interest. 
Compensation & Benefits 
Interim Amount 
Compensation and Withholding Obligations 
$16,730,000 
Employee Wages 
$6,200,000 
Contractor Compensation 
$2,000,000 
Paid Leave Benefits 
$110,000 
Union Employee Severance Plans 
$0 
WARN Act Obligations 
N/A 
Withholding Obligations 
$8,000,000 
Reimbursable Expenses 
$40,000 
Non-Insider Bonus Programs 
$300,000 
Union Obligations 
$80,000 
Health and Welfare Benefits 
$12,800,000 
Medical and Dental Plans 
$7,000,000 
Vision Plan 
$100,000 
Pre-Tax Contribution Health Savings Accounts 
N/A 
Life and Disability Programs 
$600,000 
Employee Assistance Programs 
$0 
Workers’ Compensation Program 
$5,100,000 
Other Employee Benefit Programs 
$0 
Total 
$29,530,000 
Case 25-10068-CTG    Doc 5    Filed 01/15/25    Page 41 of 53

=== page 42 ===
 
  
18 
E. 
Motion of Debtors for Entry of Interim and Final Orders (I) Authorizing the 
Debtors to Pay Certain Prepetition Claims of (A) Store Support Vendors, (B) 
Lien Claimants, and (C) 503(B)(9) Claimants, (II) Confirming Administrative 
Expense Priority of Outstanding Orders, and (III) Granting Related Relief 
(the “Store Support Motion”). 
43. 
In the ordinary course, the Debtors’ business depends on a wide variety of vendors 
that provide goods and services essential to the continued operation, maintenance, and safety of 
the Debtors’ retail stores and distribution centers.  Prior to these chapter 11 cases, the Debtors 
identified a limited number of vendors whose goods and services are needed to continue operating 
the Debtors’ retail locations and to support the sale of the Debtors’ merchandise, including any 
potential “going out of business,” “store closing,” or “everything must go” sales (the “GOB Sales”) 
that may commence during these chapter 11 cases.  In addition, the Debtors depend on a network 
of domestic and international freight providers to transport merchandise to the Debtors’ stores.  
Access to these goods and services is necessary for the Debtors to continue operating their stores 
and generating revenue, in order to facilitate the Debtors’ ongoing sale process, and to maximize 
the value of the Debtors’ estates.  Accordingly, the Debtors seek authorization to pay the 
prepetition claims solely to those vendors and trade counterparties necessary to continue 
operations, facilitate any GOB Sales, if necessary, and preserve the value of their estates during 
these chapter 11 cases. 
44. 
Store Support Vendor Claims.  Prior to filing these chapter 11 cases, the Debtors 
and their advisors carefully reviewed and analyzed the Debtors’ books and records and consulted 
with key personnel to identify the vendors who supply the essential goods and services necessary 
to maintain the Debtors’ operations, conduct any GOB sales, if necessary, and pursue a 
value-maximizing sale or sales of the Debtors’ assets (such vendors, the “Store Support Vendors”). 
45. 
The Debtors’ Store Support Vendors include, among others:  (a) suppliers who 
provide the Debtors with goods necessary (i) to facilitate and support any necessary GOB Sales 
Case 25-10068-CTG    Doc 5    Filed 01/15/25    Page 42 of 53

=== page 43 ===
 
  
19 
(e.g., store supplies such as register tape, inventory tags, and bags) or (ii) for the safe and efficient 
operation of the Debtors’ stores and distribution centers (e.g., boxes, cleaning supplies, signage); 
and (b) service providers who provide critical support to the Debtors’ operations, including, among 
other things, shipping, freight, IT, facilities management and maintenance, and digital marketing. 
46. 
Failure to pay prepetition claims held by the Store Support Vendors and accrued in 
the ordinary course of business (collectively, the “Store Support Vendor Claims”) could cause 
such Store Support Vendors to refuse to provide the goods and services necessary for the Debtors’ 
continued operations.  The Debtors believe that any failure to maintain the Store Support Vendors 
would materially harm the Debtors’ ability to achieve a value-maximizing sale of the Debtors’ 
assets. 
47. 
As of the Petition Date, the Debtors estimate that there is an aggregate of 
approximately $5,100,000 in prepetition amounts outstanding on account of the Store Support 
Vendor Claims.  Accordingly, the Debtors seek authority, in their sole discretion and business 
judgment, to make payments on account of Store Support Vendor Claims in an aggregate amount 
not to exceed $2,700,000, all of which shall be available upon entry of the Interim Order, which 
amount represents the Debtors’ best estimate as to what aggregate amounts must be paid to the 
Store Support Vendors to continue an uninterrupted supply of critical goods and services. 
48. 
Lien Claims.  The Debtors rely on services from parties, including shippers and 
warehousemen (collectively, the “Lien Claimants”), who may hold, or claim to hold, a variety of 
statutory, common law, or possessory liens (collectively, the “Lien Claims”) that, if asserted, could 
materially impair the Debtors’ postpetition operations.  The Lien Claimants are generally 
comprised of those vendors whose continued services are deemed critical to moving merchandise 
that has already been purchased to the Debtors’ stores and distribution centers.  Specifically, the 
Case 25-10068-CTG    Doc 5    Filed 01/15/25    Page 43 of 53

=== page 44 ===
 
  
20 
Debtors depend on the services of various domestic and foreign freight providers, common 
carriers, truckers, air transporters, rail carriers, and parcel shipping providers to transport 
merchandise which is currently in the possession of such parties.  Additionally, the Debtors store 
certain merchandise and inventory at warehouse facilities owned by third parties.  Without such 
merchandise arriving as scheduled to the Debtors’ distribution centers and stores, the Debtors will 
not be able to meet customer demands, to the detriment of the Debtors’ estates. 
49. 
In the event that the Debtors fail to remit payment owed to certain Lien Claimants, 
those Lien Claimants are likely to assert possessory liens, and may refuse to deliver or release 
goods in their possession until their claims are satisfied and their liens are redeemed.  The Lien 
Claimants’ retention of the Debtors’ merchandise and supplies would bring the Debtors’ 
operations to a halt and negatively affect their ability to generate revenue and successfully 
administer these chapter 11 cases.   
50. 
As of the Petition Date, the Debtors estimate that there is approximately 
$15,500,000 in aggregate amounts outstanding on account of the Lien Claims.  The Debtors intend 
to pay prepetition Lien Claims only where they believe, in their business judgment, that the 
benefits to their estates from making such payments will exceed the costs, including the expenses 
and delay of contesting asserted liens, to their estates.  Accordingly, the Debtors seek authority, in 
their business judgment, to make payments on account of Lien Claims in an aggregate amount not 
to exceed $4,300,000, of which $3,870,000 shall be available upon entry of the Interim Order and 
the remaining $430,000 upon entry of the Final Order. 
51. 
503(b)(9) Claims.  The Debtors receive shipments of merchandise on a rolling basis 
to restock the stores to meet customer demand.  As a result, the Debtors may have received goods 
from various vendors within the twenty-day period immediately preceding the Petition Date 
Case 25-10068-CTG    Doc 5    Filed 01/15/25    Page 44 of 53

=== page 45 ===
 
  
21 
(collectively, the “503(b)(9) Claimants,” and together with the Store Support Vendors and the Lien 
Claimants, the “Trade Claimants”), thereby giving rise to prepetition claims under 
section 503(b)(9) of the Bankruptcy Code (the  “503(b)(9) Claims”). The Debtors’ relationship 
with certain of their vendors, including most of the 503(b)(9) Claimants, are not governed by 
long-term contracts.  Instead, the Debtors obtain goods on an order-by-order basis, subject to 
applicable payment terms.  As a result, a 503(b)(9) Claimant may refuse to supply new orders if 
the Debtors do not pay the 503(b)(9) Claims.  Such refusal would compound the existing inventory 
restocking issues that continue to plague the Debtors and compromise the value of the Debtors’ 
business.   
52. 
The Debtors estimate that they owe approximately $30,000,000 on account of 
goods delivered within the twenty days immediately preceding the Petition Date, that are due and 
owing as of the Petition Date, or which will become due and owing on an interim basis pending 
entry of the Final Order, the value of which may be entitled to administrative priority under section 
503(b)(9) of the Bankruptcy Code. 
53. 
Accordingly, the Debtors seek authority, in their business judgment to make 
payments on account of 503(b)(9) Claims in an aggregate amount not to exceed $30,000,000, 
which represents the Debtors’ best estimate as to what aggregate amount must be paid to the 
503(b)(9) Claimants for the continued supply of critical goods and services. 
54. 
Outstanding Orders.  Prior to the Petition Date and in the ordinary course of 
business, the Debtors may have ordered goods that will not be delivered until after the Petition 
Date (the “Outstanding Orders”).  In the mistaken belief that they would be general unsecured 
creditors of the Debtors’ estates with respect to such goods, certain suppliers may refuse to ship or 
transport such goods (or may recall such shipments) with respect to such Outstanding Orders 
Case 25-10068-CTG    Doc 5    Filed 01/15/25    Page 45 of 53

=== page 46 ===
 
  
22 
unless the Debtors issue substitute purchase orders postpetition—potentially disrupting the 
Debtors’ operations and requiring the Debtors to expend substantial time and effort in issuing such 
substitute orders.  Because the Outstanding Orders are likely administrative expenses of the 
Debtors’ estates, the Debtors request that the Court confirm the administrative expense priority of 
the Outstanding Orders and authorize the Debtors to pay amounts due on account of Outstanding 
Orders in the ordinary course of business. 
55. 
For the foregoing reasons, I believe that the relief requested in the Store Support 
Motion is in the best interests of the Debtors’ estates, their creditors, and all other parties in interest.  
F. 
Motion of Debtors for Entry of Interim and Final Orders (I) Approving 
Notification and Hearing Procedures for Certain Transfers of and 
Declarations of Worthlessness with Respect to Common Stock and 
(II) Granting Related Relief (the “NOL Motion”). 
56. 
Pursuant to the NOL Motion, the Debtors seek entry of interim and final orders:  
(a) approving certain notification and hearing Procedures related to certain transfers of, or 
declarations of worthlessness with respect to Debtor JOANN Inc.’s existing classes (or series) of 
Common Stock or any Beneficial Ownership therein; (b) directing that any purchase, sale, other 
transfer of, or declaration of worthlessness with respect to Beneficial Ownership of Common Stock 
in violation of the Procedures shall be null and void ab initio; and  (c) granting related relief. 
57. 
The Debtors currently estimate that they will have, as of the end of February 1, 
2025, approximately $100 million of 163(j) Carryforwards.  The Debtors may generate substantial 
additional Tax Attributes in the upcoming tax year, including during the pendency of these chapter 
11 cases, and subject to further analysis may have a “net unrealized built-in loss.2  The Tax 
 
2  
If the Debtors have a net unrealized built-in loss, then sol-called “recognized built-in losses” that are deducted 
prior to the expiration of a five-year limitation period may otherwise be limited under section 382 of the IRC.  
The Debtors have not yet determined whether they have a net unrealized built-in loss. 
Case 25-10068-CTG    Doc 5    Filed 01/15/25    Page 46 of 53

=== page 47 ===
 
  
23 
Attributes are potentially of significant value to the Debtors and their estates because the Tax 
Attributes may offset U.S. federal taxable income or U.S. federal tax liability in future years.  
Additionally, the Debtors may utilize such Tax Attributes to offset any taxable income generated 
by transactions consummated during these chapter 11 cases (including, if applicable, with respect 
to any.  The relief requested is expected to preserve the value of the Tax Attributes to the benefit 
of the Debtors’ stakeholders.   
58. 
Additionally, the Debtors seek to establish procedures only to monitor those types 
of transactions that would pose a serious risk under the ownership change test pursuant to 
sections 382 and 383 of the IRC and to preserve the Debtors’ ability to seek substantive relief if it 
appears that a proposed transfer or declaration of worthlessness could jeopardize the Debtors’ 
utilization of the Tax Attributes.  Because the Tax Attributes are of significant value to the Debtors 
and their estates, an ownership change of Common Stock may negatively impact the 
Debtors’ utilization of the Tax Attributes.  Accordingly, it is necessary to closely monitor certain 
transfers of Beneficial Ownership of Common Stock so as to be in a position to act expeditiously 
to prevent such transfers or worthlessness deductions, if necessary, with the purpose of preserving 
the Tax Attributes.  By establishing and implementing such Procedures, the Debtors will be in a 
position to object to “ownership changes” that threaten their ability to preserve the value of their 
Tax Attributes for the benefit of the estates. 
59. 
For the foregoing reasons, I believe the relief requested in the NOL Motion is in 
the best interests of the Debtors’ estates, their creditors, and all other parties in interest. 
G. 
Motion of Debtors for Entry of Interim and Final Orders (I) Authorizing the 
Payment of Certain Prepetition and Postpetition Taxes and Fees and 
(II) Granting Related Relief (the “Taxes Motion”). 
60. 
Pursuant to the Taxes Motion, the Debtors seek entry of interim and final orders 
(a) authorizing the Debtors to (i) negotiate, remit, and pay (or use tax credits to offset) Taxes and 
Case 25-10068-CTG    Doc 5    Filed 01/15/25    Page 47 of 53

=== page 48 ===
 
  
24 
Fees in the ordinary course of business that are payable or become payable during these chapter 11 
cases, including obligations arising on account of an Audit or voluntary disclosure or Assessment, 
without regard to whether such obligations accrued or arose before or after the Petition Date, and 
(ii) undertake the Tax Planning Activities, and (b) granting related relief. 
61. 
In the ordinary course of business, the Debtors collect, withhold, and incur:  
(a) income and franchise taxes; (b) property taxes; (c) sales and use taxes; (d) customs and import 
duties; (e) licensing and permitting fees, as well as other governmental taxes, fees, assessments, 
interest, penalties, and additions to tax, and (f) fees to a third-party tax services provider 
(collectively, the “Taxes and Fees”).3  The Debtors pay or remit the Taxes and Fees to various 
governmental authorities, including taxing authorities (collectively, the “Taxing Authorities”), 
identified in a schedule attached as Exhibit C to the Taxes Motion.4  Taxes and Fees are generally 
remitted and paid by the Debtors through checks and electronic funds transfers that are processed 
through their banks and other financial institutions.  From time to time, the Debtors may also 
receive tax credits for overpayments or refunds with respect to Taxes and Fees.  The Debtors 
generally use these credits in the ordinary course of business to offset against future Taxes and 
Fees or cause the amount of such credits to be refunded to the Debtors.  The Debtors estimate that 
approximately $33.5 million in Taxes and Fees is outstanding as of the Petition Date, of which 
$27.9 million will be owed during the first twenty-one days of these chapter 11 cases. 
 
3 
Other than with respect to any potential Audits or Assessments, the Taxes Motion does not seek relief with respect 
to the Debtors’ collection and remittance of employee-related taxes and withholdings, which are instead addressed 
in the Motion of Debtors for Entry of Interim and Final Orders (I) Authorizing the Debtors to (A) Pay Prepetition 
Wages, Salaries, Other Compensation, and Reimbursable Expenses and (B) Continue Employee Benefits 
Programs, and (II) Granting Related Relief, filed contemporaneously herewith. 
4  
Although Exhibit C to the Taxes Motion is intended to be comprehensive, the Debtors may have inadvertently 
omitted Authorities from Exhibit C.  The Debtors request relief with respect to Taxes and Fees payable to all 
Authorities, regardless of whether such Authority is specifically identified in Exhibit C to the Taxes Motion. 
Case 25-10068-CTG    Doc 5    Filed 01/15/25    Page 48 of 53

=== page 49 ===
 
  
25 
62. 
Additionally, the Debtors are now and may be in the future subject to routine audit 
investigations on account of tax returns and/or tax obligations (“Audits”) during these chapter 11 
cases, including as a result of any voluntary disclosure agreements or similar procedural 
mechanisms (if applicable).  Audits may result in additional prepetition Taxes and Fees being 
assessed against the Debtors, including late payment of Taxes and Fees (such additional Taxes and 
Fees, “Assessments”).5  Accordingly, the Debtors seek authority to pay or remit tax obligations on 
account of Audits or Assessments as they arise in the ordinary course of business and consistent 
with prepetition practice, including as a result of any resolutions of issues addressed in an Audit 
or amounts arising in connection with a voluntary disclosure. 
63. 
The Debtors pay the Taxes and Fees to the Taxing Authorities on a periodic basis, 
remitting them weekly, monthly, quarterly, semi-annually, or annually depending on the nature 
and incurrence of the particular category of Taxes and Fees, each of which is further discussed 
below.  The Debtors seek authority pursuant to the Taxes Motion to pay and remit all prepetition 
and postpetition obligations on account of Taxes and Fees, including where:  (a) Taxes and Fees 
accrue or are incurred postpetition; (b) Taxes and Fees accrued or were incurred prepetition but 
were not paid prepetition or were paid in an amount less than actually owed; (c) Taxes and Fees 
paid prepetition by the Debtors were lost or otherwise not received in full by any of the Taxing 
Authorities; or (d) Taxes and Fees incurred for prepetition periods may become due after the 
commencement of these chapter 11 cases, including as a result of Audits.  In addition, for the 
 
5  
Nothing in the Taxes Motion, or any related order, constitutes or should be construed as an admission of liability 
by the Debtors with respect to any of the Taxes and Fees, including in connection with any Audit (or voluntary 
disclosure) or Assessment.  The Debtors expressly reserve all rights with respect to all Taxes and Fees, including 
in connection with any Audit (or voluntary disclosure) and the right to contest any Assessments claimed to be 
due as a result of any Audit. 
Case 25-10068-CTG    Doc 5    Filed 01/15/25    Page 49 of 53

=== page 50 ===
 
  
26 
avoidance of doubt, the Debtors seek authority, but not direction, to pay Taxes and Fees for so-
called “straddle” periods (i.e., periods that include the Petition Date).6 
64. 
Finally, the Debtors seek authority to undertake certain typical activities related to 
tax planning, including (a) converting Debtor entities from one form to another (e.g., converting 
an entity from a corporation to a limited liability company) via conversion, merger, or otherwise 
(“Entity Conversions”); (b) making certain tax elections (including with respect to the tax 
classification of Debtor entities) (“Entity Classification Elections”); (c) changing the position of 
Debtor entities within the Debtors’ corporate structure (“Entity Movements”); and (d) modifying 
or resolving intercompany motions and moving assets or liabilities among Debtor entities 
(“Asset and Liability Movements” and, together with the Entity Conversions, Entity Classification 
Elections, and Entity Movements, the “Tax Planning Activities”), in each case, if doing so will not 
alter the substantive rights of the Debtors’ stakeholders in these chapter 11 cases. 
65. 
The Taxes and Fees are summarized as follows: 
Category 
Description 
Approximate 
Amount Accrued 
and Unpaid as of 
Petition Date 
Approximate 
Amount Due 
During the First 
21 Days 
Income and 
Franchise Taxes 
The Debtors pay income, withholding, franchise, 
gross receipts, and similar taxes to federal, state, 
and local Authorities in the United States.  The 
amount of Income and Franchise taxes incurred is 
based on the jurisdictions in which the Debtors do 
business, generally payable on a quarterly or 
annual basis.  Because the Debtors experienced 
losses for the 2025 fiscal year, subject to further 
analysis they are not currently aware of material 
Income and Franchise Taxes that are owed. 
$0 
$0 
 
6  
The Debtors reserve their rights with respect to the proper characterization of any “straddle” Taxes and Fees and 
to seek reimbursement of any portion of any payment made that ultimately is not entitled to administrative or 
priority treatment. 
Case 25-10068-CTG    Doc 5    Filed 01/15/25    Page 50 of 53

=== page 51 ===
 
  
27 
Category 
Description 
Approximate 
Amount Accrued 
and Unpaid as of 
Petition Date 
Approximate 
Amount Due 
During the First 
21 Days 
Property Taxes 
The Debtors incur taxes related to certain real and 
personal property holdings, payable as such taxes 
come due in the ordinary course of business, on a 
monthly or annual basis.  
$7,000,000 
$1,350,000 
Sales and Use 
Taxes 
The Debtors collect and remit sales and use taxes 
and related taxes and fees to the Authorities in 
various jurisdictions in connection with the sale 
and use of goods and services in such 
jurisdictions.  Generally, the Debtors remit sales 
and use taxes to the applicable Taxing Authority 
monthly in arrears.  Some Taxing Authorities are 
paid on a weekly basis, and on most business days 
the Debtors remit some amount of Sales and Use 
Taxes. 
$20,000,000 
$20,000,000 
Customs and 
Import Duties 
The Debtors remit taxes and related fees to 
Authorities imposed for importing goods from 
outside the United States. 
$6,500,000 
$6,500,000 
License and 
Permit Fees 
The Debtors pay Taxes and Fees related to 
compliance with regulatory requirements, 
including periodic licensing, permitting, reporting 
and similar requirements, generally payable on an 
annual basis, depending on the specific Tax or 
Fee. License and Permit Fees are typically paid in 
advance.  The Debtors do not believe there are 
any obligations to make payment of License and 
Permit Fees outstanding as of the Petition Date. 
$0 
$0 
Tax Service 
Provider 
Fees incurred for services of the Tax Service 
Provider in the ordinary course of business, 
including calculating Property Taxes and Sales 
and Use Taxes and remitting such taxes to the 
Authorities on the Debtors’ behalf. 
$2,000 
$2,000 
Total 
$33,502,000 
$27,852,000 
 
66. 
For all of these reasons, the Debtors would suffer immediate and irreparable harm 
to their business without the relief sought in the Taxes Motion.  For the foregoing reasons, I believe 
such relief requested in the Taxes Motion is in the best interests of the Debtors’ estates, their 
creditors, and all other parties in interest. 
Case 25-10068-CTG    Doc 5    Filed 01/15/25    Page 51 of 53

=== page 52 ===
 
  
28 
H. 
Motion of Debtors for Entry of Interim and Final Orders (I) Approving the 
Debtors’ Proposed Adequate Assurance of Payment for Future Utility 
Services, (II) Approving the Debtors’ Proposed Procedures for Resolving 
Adequate Assurance Requests, (III) Prohibiting Utility Providers from 
Altering, Refusing, or Discontinuing Service, (IV) Authorizing Certain Fee 
Payments for Prepetition Services Performed, and (V) Granting Related 
Relief (the “Utilities Motion”). 
67. 
Pursuant to the Utilities Motion, the Debtors seek entry of interim and final orders, 
(a) approving the Debtors’ proposed adequate assurance of payment for future utility services, 
(b) approving the Debtors’ proposed procedures for resolving additional adequate assurance 
requests, (c) prohibiting utility providers from altering, refusing or discontinuing services, 
(d) authorizing the payment of prepetition fees to the Utility Service Administrators, and 
(e) granting related relief. 
68. 
In the ordinary course of their business, the Debtors obtain electricity, natural gas, 
water, waste management (including sewer and trash), internet, telecommunications, and other 
similar services from a number of utility providers.  Although the Debtors pay some of their Utility 
Providers directly for Utility Services, the Debtors pay a vast majority of their Utility Providers 
indirectly through third-party utility service administrators Engie Insight Services Inc. and Digital 
Mobile Innovations LLC.   The Debtors pay approximately $4 million each month for Utility 
Services, calculated as a historical average payment for the twelve-month period ended December 
31, 2024, excluding Utility Services billed directly to the Debtors’ landlords.  The Debtors are not 
in default or arrearages with respect to their obligations for prepetition Utility Services. 
69. 
The Debtors intend to satisfy postpetition obligations owed to the Utility Providers 
in the ordinary course of business and in a timely manner.  Cash held by the Debtors, cash 
generated in the ordinary course of business, and the Debtors’ anticipated access to cash collateral 
will provide sufficient liquidity to pay the Debtors’ Utility Service obligations in accordance with 
their prepetition practice during the pendency of these chapter 11 cases.  To provide additional 
Case 25-10068-CTG    Doc 5    Filed 01/15/25    Page 52 of 53

=== page 53 ===
 
  
29 
assurance of payment, the Debtors propose to deposit $1,570,363.22 into a segregated account.  
The Adequate Assurance Deposit represents an amount equal to approximately one-half of the 
Debtors’ average monthly cost of Utility Services, as of the Petition Date, calculated as the 
historical average payment for the twelve-month period ending December 31, 2024. 
70. 
I submit that the Debtors’ proposed Adequate Assurance Procedures will provide a 
streamlined process for Utility Providers to address potential concerns with respect to the Proposed 
Adequate Assurance, while allowing the Debtors to continue their operations uninterrupted.  
Further, I believe uninterrupted Utility Services are essential to the Debtors’ ongoing business 
operations and, hence, the overall success of these chapter 11 cases.  The Debtors’ business 
operations require uninterrupted electricity, internet, heat, water, and other utility services to 
operate.  Specifically, the Debtors must maintain constant communication with their customers to 
properly serve their needs, which requires a dependable provision of Utility Services.  
Additionally, the Utility Services are essential for the Debtors to operate their corporate offices 
and other facilities, including their sales offices and installation and warehouse facilities.  Should 
any Utility Provider refuse or discontinue service, even for a brief period, the Debtors’ business 
operations would be severely disrupted.  Such disruption would adversely affect customer 
goodwill and employee and salesperson relations, which, in turn, would jeopardize the Debtors’ 
sale and fulfillment efforts. 
71. 
For the foregoing reasons, I believe such relief sought in the Utilities Motion is in 
the best interests of the Debtors’ estates, their creditors, and all other parties in interest. 
 
 
Case 25-10068-CTG    Doc 5    Filed 01/15/25    Page 53 of 53

