=== page 1 ===
 
 
Exhibit B 
 
Bidding Procedures Motion Reply 
Case 25-10068-CTG    Doc 410-2    Filed 02/13/25    Page 1 of 24

=== page 2 ===
 
IN THE UNITED STATES BANKRUPTCY COURT 
FOR THE DISTRICT OF DELAWARE 
 
) 
 
In re: 
) 
Chapter 11 
 
) 
 
JOANN INC., et al.,1 
) 
Case No. 25-10068 (CTG) 
 
) 
 
 
 
 
Debtors. 
) 
(Jointly Administered) 
 
) 
 
 
) 
Re:  Docket No. 17 
DEBTORS’ REPLY IN SUPPORT  
OF THE MOTION OF DEBTORS FOR ENTRY 
OF AN ORDER (I) APPROVING BIDDING PROCEDURES, 
(II) SCHEDULING CERTAIN DATES AND DEADLINES WITH RESPECT 
THERETO, (III) APPROVING THE FORM AND MANNER OF NOTICE 
THEREOF, (IV) APPROVING THE STALKING  HORSE AGREEMENT, 
(V) ESTABLISHING NOTICE AND PROCEDURES FOR THE ASSUMPTION 
AND ASSIGNMENT OF CONTRACTS AND LEASES, (VI) AUTHORIZING 
THE ASSUMPTION AND ASSIGNMENT OF ASSUMED CONTRACTS AND LEASES, 
(VII) APPROVING THE SALE OF ASSETS, AND (VIII) GRANTING RELATED RELIEF 
 
The above-captioned debtors and debtors in possession (collectively, the “Debtors”)2 file 
this reply (this “Reply”) in support of the Motion of Debtors for Entry of an Order (I) Approving 
Bidding Procedures, (II) Scheduling Certain Dates and Deadlines with Respect thereto, 
(III) Approving the Form and Manner of Notice thereof, (IV) Approving the Stalking Horse 
Agreement, (V) Establishing Notice and Procedures for the Assumption and Assignment of 
 
1 
The Debtors in these chapter 11 cases, along with the last four digits of each Debtor’s federal tax identification 
number, are: JOANN Inc. (5540); Needle Holdings LLC (3814); Jo-Ann Stores, LLC (0629); Creative Tech 
Solutions LLC (6734); Creativebug, LLC (3208); WeaveUp, Inc. (5633); JAS Aviation, LLC (9570); joann.com, 
LLC (1594); JOANN Ditto Holdings Inc. (9652); Dittopatterns LLC (0452); JOANN Holdings 1, LLC (9030); 
JOANN Holdings 2, LLC (6408); and Jo-Ann Stores Support Center, Inc. (5027). The Debtors’ mailing address 
is 5555 Darrow Road, Hudson, Ohio 44236. 
2  
Capitalized terms used but not otherwise defined herein shall have the meanings ascribed to them in the First Day 
Declaration, the Motion, the Frejka Declaration, or the revised proposed Order (I) Approving Bidding 
Procedures, (II) Scheduling Certain Dates and Deadlines with Respect thereto, (III) Approving the Form and 
Manner of Notice thereof, (IV) Approving the Stalking Horse Agreement, (V) Establishing Notice and Procedures 
for the Assumption and Assignment of Contracts and Leases, (VI) Authorizing the Assumption and Assignment of 
Assumed Contracts and Leases, (VII) Approving the Sale of Assets, and (VIII) Granting Related Relief filed 
contemporaneously herewith (the “Revised Bidding Procedures Order”), as applicable. 
Case 25-10068-CTG    Doc 410-2    Filed 02/13/25    Page 2 of 24

=== page 3 ===
  
2 
Contracts and Leases, (VI) Authorizing the Assumption and Assignment of Assumed Contracts and 
Leases, (VII) Approving the Sale of Assets, and (VIII) Granting Related Relief [Docket No. 17] 
(the “Motion”), and in response to the objections filed by various landlords, the U.S. Trustee, the 
Ad Hoc Term Loan Group, and the Official Committee of Unsecured Creditors (the “Committee”), 
as detailed in Exhibit A and attached hereto (the “Objections”).  In response to the Objections and 
state as follows: 
Reply 
1. 
Despite the breadth of papers filed in the Objections, ultimately no economic 
stakeholder disputes that the Bidding Procedures should be approved.  Although there is no doubt 
that work remains to be done on the Stalking Horse Agreement (or any other Qualified Bids that 
the Debtors may receive for any portion of their Assets) to achieve the widespread consensus that 
the Debtors believe is the right answer for these chapter 11 cases, approval of the Stalking Horse 
Agreement at this juncture does not prejudice that effort.  Rather, it ensures that these cases do not 
languish and settlement discussions continue.  To that end, all parties’ rights are reserved in 
connection with the ultimate approval of a Sale Transaction, and the limited relief requested in the 
Motion should be granted.   
2. 
In the weeks leading up to the Petition Date, the Debtors commenced a 
comprehensive marketing process in pursuit of one or more value-maximizing transactions for the 
sale or sales of all, substantially all, or any portion of the Debtors’ business.  The Debtors cast a 
wide net in an effort to reach all potential bidders and reached out to strategics, private equity 
firms, family offices, high-net worth individuals, intellectual property buyers, landlords, and 
liquidators.  After hard fought, arms’-length, and good faith negotiations, the Debtors entered into 
the Stalking Horse Agreement for the right to liquidate substantially all of the Debtors’ Assets.  
The Debtors commenced these chapter 11 cases to continue their strategic marketing process to 
Case 25-10068-CTG    Doc 410-2    Filed 02/13/25    Page 3 of 24

=== page 4 ===
  
3 
solicit higher or otherwise better offers than the Stalking Horse Bid, including potential going 
concern bids, and consummate one or more sale transactions (each, a “Sale Transaction”) for all 
or substantially all of the Debtors’ Assets or any segment thereof. 
3. 
The Debtors crafted the Bidding Procedures to capitalize on the prepetition 
marketing process and establish an efficient, orderly pathway to consummating a Sale Transaction 
and maximizing value for the benefit of all stakeholders.  The terms of the Bidding Procedures 
balance the dual needs of driving a competitive process and minimizing the time and 
administrative burden that the Debtors would spend in prolonged chapter 11 cases, which can often 
prove catastrophic for retailers in similar circumstances.  The resulting Bidding Procedures 
encourage bidding and facilitate a competitive process to hopefully result in one or more 
value-maximizing Sale Transaction(s).  The Bidding Procedures are a reasonable and sound 
exercise of the Debtors’ business judgment and will enable the Debtors to effectuate a successful 
and efficient marketing process within the Debtors’ liquidity constraints. 
4. 
Given the exigencies of the Debtors’ situation and the funding available under the 
Cash Collateral Order,3 these chapter 11 cases must proceed on an expedited basis.  The Debtors 
filed the Revised Bidding Procedures Order reflecting the resolution of many issues thus far, and 
the Debtors continue to work closely with all parties, including landlords, the Committee, the Ad 
Hoc Term Loan Group, and the U.S. Trustee, to resolve all issues prior to the hearing.    
Importantly, the Debtors are not currently asking the Court to approve a Sale Transaction at this 
stage.  Any Sale Transaction presented to the Court in the future may differ from the terms of the 
 
3  
“Cash Collateral Order” shall mean the Interim Order (I) Authorizing the Debtors to Use Cash Collateral, 
(II) Granting Adequate Protection to Prepetition Secured Creditors, (III) Modifying Automatic Stay, 
(IV) Scheduling a Final Hearing, and (V) Granting Related Relief [Docket No. 106] or any final order approving 
the same or substantially same use of cash collateral, and any budgets in connection therewith governing any such 
use of cash collateral, whichever is then in effect, as applicable. 
Case 25-10068-CTG    Doc 410-2    Filed 02/13/25    Page 4 of 24

=== page 5 ===
  
4 
Stalking Horse Agreement, which simply stakes out a floor for the overbidding process.  
Accordingly, the Court should enter an order approving the Bidding Procedures. 
I. 
The Bidding Procedures Are Fair, Reasonable, and an Appropriate Exercise of 
Business Judgment. 
5. 
The standard of review for the relief requested in the Motion is the business 
judgment test.  In the Third Circuit, courts have authorized transactions outside the ordinary course 
of business when the transaction has a sound business purpose and is proposed in good faith.  See 
Myers v. Martin (In re Martin), 91 F.3d 389, 395 (3d Cir. 1996); Dai-Ichi Kangyo Bank, Ltd. v. 
Montgomery Ward Holding Corp. (In re Montgomery Ward Holding Corp.), 242 B.R. 147, 153 
(D. Del. 1999); In re Delaware & Hudson Ry. Co., 124 B.R. 169, 176 (D. Del. 1991); In re Exaeris, 
Inc., 380 B.R. 741, 744 (Bankr. D. Del. 2008).  In evaluating whether this business purpose exists, 
“courts consider a variety of factors, which essentially represent a ‘business judgment test.’ . . . 
[A] bankruptcy judge must not blindly follow the hue and cry of the most vocal [creditor] 
groups . . . .” Montgomery Ward, 242 B.R. at 153. 
6. 
Courts will approve such bidding procedures if they are supported by a sound 
business justification.  See, e.g., In re Martin, 91 F.3d at 395 (“[U]nder normal circumstances the 
court would defer to the trustee’s judgment so long as there is a legitimate business justification.”) 
(citing In re Schipper, 933 F.2d 513, 515 (7th Cir. 1991) (“[T]he debtor in possession can sell 
property of the estate . . . if[] he has an ‘articulated business justification,’ he provides adequate 
notice to all creditors, and a hearing is held on the sale.” (citations omitted)); In re Montgomery 
Ward Holding Corp., 242 B.R. at 153 (“In determining whether to authorize the use, sale or lease 
of property of the estate . . . courts require the debtor to show that a sound business purpose justifies 
such actions.”).  Courts recognize that procedures intended to enhance competitive bidding are 
consistent with the goal of maximizing the value received by the estate and, therefore, are 
Case 25-10068-CTG    Doc 410-2    Filed 02/13/25    Page 5 of 24

=== page 6 ===
  
5 
appropriate in the context of bankruptcy transactions.  See In re Edwards, 228 B.R. 552, 561 
(Bankr. E.D. Pa. 1998) (“The purpose of procedural bidding orders is to facilitate an open and fair 
public sale designed to maximize value for the estate.”); In re Food Barn Stores, Inc., 107 F.3d 
558, 564–65 (8th Cir. 1997) (in bankruptcy sales, “a primary objective of the [Bankruptcy] Code 
[is] to enhance the value of the estate at hand.”); Official Comm. of Subordinated Bondholders v. 
Integrated Res., Inc. (In re Integrated Res., Inc.), 147 B.R. 650, 659 (S.D.N.Y. 1992) (“It is a 
well-established principle of bankruptcy law that the objective of the bankruptcy rules and the 
[Debtor]’s duty with respect to such sales is to obtain the highest price or greatest overall benefit 
possible for the estate.” (citation omitted)). 
7. 
The Debtors will benefit from a court-approved marketing process that will result 
in the highest or otherwise best offer for the Debtors’ Assets.  Indeed, the entire fairness standard 
cited in the Ad Hoc Term Loan Group Objection cannot logically be applied here.  Entire fairness 
review inquires whether a debtor’s agreement to enter into a transaction was the result of “fair 
dealing” and resulted in a “fair price.” Cede & Co. v. Technicolor, Inc., 634 A.2d 345, 361 (Del. 
1993).  The cases are clear that the entire fairness standard does not apply in the absence of a 
transaction.  See In re eToys, Inc., 331 B.R. 176, 200 (Bankr. D. Del. 2005) (“In this case, there 
was no transaction between the Debtors and ADA.  Therefore, the Court need not determine if the 
dealings between the two were fair and for a fair price.”); and In re Trados Inc. S'holder Litig., 73 
A.3d 17 (Del. Ch. 2013) (“Once entire fairness applies, the defendants must establish to the court's 
satisfaction that the transaction was the product of both fair dealing and fair price.” (emphasis 
added) (internal quotation marks omitted) (citation omitted)).  The Debtors here are seeking the 
Court’s prior approval of the Bidding Procedures and will return to the Court at a later date for 
approval of a Sale Transaction.  In short, while the Debtors believe “entire fairness” is not the 
Case 25-10068-CTG    Doc 410-2    Filed 02/13/25    Page 6 of 24

=== page 7 ===
  
6 
applicable standard for evaluation of the Bidding Procedures or a Sale Transaction, the issue as it 
relates to a future Sale Transaction is properly preserved for a later date.  
8. 
The Debtors have appropriately exercised their business judgment in seeking 
approval of the Bidding Procedures, which are designed to provide a clear and efficient means of 
soliciting and assessing value-maximizing proposals in light of the Debtors’ liquidity constraints.  
The Bidding Procedures provide the flexibility and optionality needed for the Debtors to assess 
multiple paths for achieving a Sale Transaction and proceed down the one that, in their business 
judgment, will create the most value for their stakeholders.   
9. 
Objections taking issue with the Bidding Procedures should be overruled as these 
decisions were made as an exercise of the Debtors’ sound business judgment, and the parties 
cannot offer evidence to overcome this standard.  Such objections include the Purchase Price4 and 
the Debtors’ reservation of rights to, among other things, (a) modify the bid procedures in a manner 
consistent with the Bankruptcy Code and any order of this Court; (b) evaluate and make decisions 
regarding any and all Bids; and (c) provide certain consent rights to the Debtors’ prepetition 
lenders.  See Committee Obj. ¶ 51; U.S. Trustee Obj. ¶ 71.  These decisions are not unusual or 
harmful to the Debtors’ ability to conduct a value-maximizing process.  Instead, each of those 
decisions are a reasonable exercise of the Debtors’ business judgment and consistent with relief 
regularly granted in this circuit and others. 
 
4  
The revised Purchase Price in the Revised Bidding Procedures Order is the result of negotiations with the 
Committee, the Ad Hoc Term Loan Group, the Prepetition ABL Agent, and the Prepetition FILO Agent.  The 
revised language should resolve any applicable Objection.  Nonetheless, the Debtors’ proposed Purchase Price 
construct is a fair and appropriate exercise of its business judgment and is also consistent with the bidding 
procedures approved by this Court.  See In re SunPower Corp., No. 24-11659 (CTG) (Bankr. D. Del. Aug. 29, 
2024) (approving a bid Purchase Price which did not require a defined dollar amount); In re EXP OldCo 
Winddown, Inc., (f/k/a Express, Inc.), No. 24-10831 (KBO) (Bankr. D. Del. June 6, 2024) (same); In re Yellow 
Corp., No. 23-11069 (CTG) (Bankr. D. Del. Sept. 15, 2023) (same); In re Alex and Ani, LLC, No. 21-10918 
(CTG) (Bankr. D. Del. July 16, 2021) (same); In re Destination Maternity Corp., No. 19-12256 (BLS) (Bankr. 
D. Del. Nov. 14, 2019) (same). 
Case 25-10068-CTG    Doc 410-2    Filed 02/13/25    Page 7 of 24

=== page 8 ===
  
7 
10. 
Deadlines: Fast but Fair.  The revised dates set forth in the Revised Bidding 
Procedures Order extend the original proposed timeline.  The new dates are fair and reasonable 
under the circumstances, as well as an exercise of the Debtors’ sound business judgment.  
Significantly, the Debtors started the marketing process before the Petition Date.  The Debtors 
reached out to fifty-one (51) parties they thought, based on prior discussions, were most likely to 
be interested in engaging in a transaction with the Debtors (while also being most likely to protect 
the confidentiality of the process prior to a filing).  Since the Petition Date, the Debtors have not 
slowed down and continue running their extensive marketing process.  To date, the Debtors have 
contacted seventy-seven (77) parties comprising a wide range of potential bidders.  The Debtors 
have provided the potential bidders with an array of confidential evaluation materials to provide 
information about the sale of the Assets.  In sum, the Debtors’ prepetition and postpetition 
marketing efforts have been extensive enough to ensure that any party who may be interested in 
bidding has had sufficient notice and an opportunity to do so.  Accordingly, the timeline proposed 
by the Debtors is reasonable and appropriate under the circumstances.  Further, the revised dates 
and deadlines are the result of arm’s-length, good faith negotiations between the Debtors, the 
Committee, the U.S. Trustee, the Ad Hoc Term Loan Group, the Prepetition ABL Agent, and the 
Prepetition FILO Agent.  The deadlines in the Bidding Procedures harmonize the interests of all 
parties, which makes the deadlines not only fair, but also a material negotiated term of the 
Bidding Procedures.   
11. 
Moreover, the Debtors must meet certain milestones in order to continue receiving 
access to necessary cash collateral.  Cash Collateral Order ¶ 11.  If the Debtors do not achieve the 
proposed timeline set forth in the Bidding Procedures, the Debtors’ risk both losing the Stalking 
Horse Agreement and running a sale process which may not provide sufficient liquidity to address 
Case 25-10068-CTG    Doc 410-2    Filed 02/13/25    Page 8 of 24

=== page 9 ===
  
8 
the Debtors’ ongoing constraints.  The costs associated with any incremental time in chapter 11, 
including on account of professional fees, U.S. Trustee fees, operational cash burn, and increasing 
administrative expenses must be weighed against the likelihood that additional time will yield a 
materially higher bid.  The proposed schedule balances these competing demands, allowing the 
continuation of the fulsome prepetition marketing process and limiting unnecessary costs while in 
chapter 11.  Accordingly, to avoid the value-destructive consequences of an extended sale process 
for the Assets, the Debtors believe that the Bidding Procedures, including the deadlines set forth 
in the Motion, are (a) reasonable and appropriate under the circumstances, (b) consistent with the 
milestones that the Debtors must meet under the Cash Collateral Order, and (c) provide the Debtors 
with sufficient runway to finalize a robust marketing process to secure the highest or otherwise 
best bid available. 
12. 
Causes of Action and Avoidance Actions: Preserved for Sale Hearing.  Causes of 
action and avoidance actions are estate assets that may be utilized in accordance with the Debtors’ 
business judgment.  See 11 U.S.C. §§ 550(a) (preserving recoveries on avoidance actions “for the 
benefit of the estate”), 541(a)(1), (3)–(4).  The Debtors may sell causes of action, property of the 
Debtors’ estate, in the exercise of their sound business judgment.  See In re Atl. Gulf Communities 
Corp., 326 B.R. 294, 299 (Bankr. D. Del. 2005) (“Under bankruptcy law, even speculative 
litigation claims are property of the estate.”).  Any Objection to the sale of such assets in a specific 
Sale Transaction is premature and will be addressed at a Sale Hearing. 
13. 
Minimum Overbid Requirements: Standard Provision.  The Bidding Procedures 
requirement that any Overbid be at least the sum of (i) $100,000 more than the value offered under 
the Stalking Horse Agreement plus (ii) the Expense Reimbursement is demonstrably fair, 
reasonable, and an exercise of the Debtors’ business judgment.  The Stalking Horse Agreement 
Case 25-10068-CTG    Doc 410-2    Filed 02/13/25    Page 9 of 24

=== page 10 ===
  
9 
brings necessary value to the marketing process, and consequently the Debtors’ estates at large, by 
setting a floor for further bids.  The concern in the U.S. Trustee’s Objection that this requirement 
for the Initial Assets Overbid will “chill” bidding is misplaced.  U.S. Trustee Objection ¶ 56.  The 
Initial Assets Overbid amount merely assures that competing bids have sufficient additional 
incremental value to justify incurring the expenses associated with evaluating competing bids and 
conducting an Auction.  Accordingly, requiring Overbids to be at least one percent greater than 
the Stalking Horse Bid is fair and reasonable, and is commonly utilized in similar circumstances.  
See In re American Tire Distribs., Inc., No. 24-12391 (CTG) (Bankr. D. Del. Nov. 26, 2024) 
(requiring a purchase price at least 2% greater than the stalking horse bid); In re Big Lots, Inc., 
No. 24-11967 (JKS) (Bankr. D. Del. Oct. 25, 2024) (requiring a purchase price to exceed the 
stalking horse bid by the sum of the bid protections and $2 million); In re SunPower Corp., 
No. 24-11659 (CTG) (Bankr. D. Del. Aug. 29, 2024) (requiring a purchase price to exceed the 
stalking horse bid by the sum of the bid protections and $500,000); and In re PGX Holdings, Inc., 
No. 23-10718 (CTG) (requiring a purchase price to exceed the stalking horse bid by the sum of 
the bid protections and $1 million). 
14. 
Consultation Rights: Standard Provision.  The Debtors have agreed to provide 
consultation rights to the Prepetition FILO Agent in an exercise of the Debtors’ sound business 
judgment.  Contrary to the assertions in the U.S. Trustee, Committee, and Ad Hoc Term Loan 
Group Objections, inclusion of the Prepetition FILO Agent is fair and reasonable under the 
circumstances.  The business judgment rule cannot be rebutted by abstract assertions of conflicts 
or bad faith. Quadrant Structured Prods. Co. v. Vertin, No. 6990-VCL, 2014 WL 5020273, at *20 
(Del. Ch. Oct. 1, 2014) (“It is not enough . . . simply to argue in the abstract that a particular 
director has a conflict of interest or is acting in bad faith because she is affiliated with a particular 
Case 25-10068-CTG    Doc 410-2    Filed 02/13/25    Page 10 of 24

=== page 11 ===
  
10 
type of institution that may be pursuing a particular business strategy or have a particular 
interest.”); see also In re Big Lots, Inc., No. 24-11967 (JKS) (Bankr. D. Del. Oct. 25, 2024) 
(approving similar consultation party rights to the debtors’ funded debt lenders, one of which was 
an affiliate of the stalking horse bidder).  Although the Prepetition FILO Agent and the Stalking 
Horse Bidder are affiliated entities, these parties have been represented separately and 
independently both prepetition and during the pendency of these chapter 11 cases.  Additionally, 
the Prepetition FILO Agent’s participation in the Debtors’ sale process as a Consultation Party 
ultimately does not give the Stalking Horse Bidder a strategic or competitive advantage–as the 
agent under one of the Debtors’ Prepetition Loan Facilities, the Prepetition FILO Agent does (and 
should) have a consent right with respect to the disposition of its collateral.  Further, the Prepetition 
FILO Obligations are approximately $100 million, and the Prepetition FILO Agent’s interest 
comprises approximately $25 million of such obligations.  There is no joint-venture relationship 
between the Prepetition FILO Agent and other Prepetition FILO Lender holding the remaining 
approximate $75 million interest.  The Prepetition FILO Agent likely cannot abdicate its role with 
respect to its collateral or the Prepetition FILO Agent’s own fiduciary duties to the other 
Prepetition FILO Lender.   Accordingly, this Court should permit the Prepetition FILO Agent to 
serve as a Consultation Party under the Bidding Procedures. 
15. 
Assumption and Assignment Procedures.  The Assumption and Assignment 
Procedures reflect the Debtors’ sound business judgment and are designed to maximize value.  The 
Motion seeks relief which shall not “limit the Debtors’ or the Winning Bidder’s ability to negotiate 
partial assumption and/or assumption and assignment of Contracts with Contract Counterparties 
on a consensual basis.” Revised Bidding Procedures Order ¶ [23] (emphasis added).  Nothing in 
the Bankruptcy Code prevents the Debtors or their contract counterparties from assuming and 
Case 25-10068-CTG    Doc 410-2    Filed 02/13/25    Page 11 of 24

=== page 12 ===
  
11 
assigning contracts as consensually amended by the parties.  The assertion in the U.S. Trustee’s 
Objection assertion to the contrary relies on distinguishable cases that involve attempts to partially 
assume and assign contracts on a non-consensual basis.  See In re Fleming Companies, Inc., 499 
F.3d 300 (3d Cir. 2007) (“[W]e draw the line where a party refuses to accept part of the contract's 
obligations, and as a result it cannot perform a material bargained-for term of the contract.” 
(emphasis added)).  The Debtors seek to reserve only their right to negotiate assumption and/or 
assumption and assignment of amended or modified Contracts with Contract Counterparties on a 
consensual basis.  Such consensual resolutions are consistent with the objectives of the Bankruptcy 
Code to maximize value to the estate and swiftly and fairly distribute property of the estate.  See 
In re WR Grace & Co., 729 F.3d 332 (3d Cir. 2013); 11 U.S.C. § 365(c)(1)(A), (B) (permitting the 
assumption and assignment of contracts otherwise excluded by applicable non-bankruptcy law so 
long as the parties consent).5  
II. 
The Debtors Provided Adequate Notice of the Bidding Procedures and Deadlines. 
16. 
The Debtors have provided adequate notice of the timeline and deadlines in the 
Bidding Procedures.  On January 24, 2025, the Debtors filed the Notice of Potential Sale Hearing 
[Docket No. 182] (the “Notice”), which was served upon all parties in interest in these chapter 11 
cases.  See Aff. of Service [Docket No. 313].  Following negotiations with the Committee, the U.S. 
Trustee, the Ad Hoc Term Loan Group, the ABL Agent, and the FILO Agent, the Debtors filed a 
Revised Bidding Procedures Order which sets forth later deadlines to submit bids, hold an auction 
 
5  
Further, the Assumption and Assignment Procedures provide a timeline which accommodates the flexibility 
necessary for the Debtors to appreciate a wide-reaching, value maximizing sale process.  Despite assertions in 
certain of the Objections to the contrary, the Debtors do not require Contract Counterparties to request adequate 
assurance in the first instance in relation to a Sale Transaction.  Further, Cure Notices will be sent fourteen (14) 
days in advance of any assumption and assignment-related objection deadline, and the relief sought would permit 
any Sale Hearing to move forward while preserving the Contract Counterparties’ assumption and assignment 
objections for a later date.  Accordingly, the Assumption and Assignment Procedures as proposed are fair and 
reasonable and will help the Debtors maximize value for the benefit of their estates. 
Case 25-10068-CTG    Doc 410-2    Filed 02/13/25    Page 12 of 24

=== page 13 ===
  
12 
(if necessary), and seek approval of a Sale Transaction.  Regardless, the Debtors gave all parties 
in interest 21 days’-notice of the Debtors’ intent to conduct a Sale Hearing in the event there is no 
Auction, subject to Court approval.   The Notice provided a time and place for the Sale Hearing, 
an objection deadline, and information necessary to view any supporting documents on the Case 
Webpage.  As such, sufficient notice has been provided.   
17. 
The U.S Trustee Objection’s assertion that the Debtors have failed to provide 
adequate disclosures regarding the assets to be sold because they had not yet filed their Schedules 
and Statements of Financial Affairs is moot.  The Debtors filed their Schedules and Statements of 
Financial Affairs on [February 11, 2025].  Accordingly, the Debtors have provided adequate notice 
and disclosure of their assets, and these Objections should be overruled.   
III. 
The Expense Reimbursement Is Reasonable and Appropriate. 
18. 
The Stalking Horse Protections, which are limited to Expense Reimbursement and 
Cost of Signage and do not include a break fee, are a material and necessary inducement for the 
Stalking Horse Bidder to provide a bid in the form of the Stalking Horse Agreement and are 
appropriate under the circumstances.  As discussed above, the Stalking Horse Agreement has been  
important to the Debtors’ marketing process.  In addition to the value of the proposed transaction 
itself, the presence of a stalking horse bid drives value to the competitive bidding process for the 
benefit of all stakeholders by setting a foundation for other bids.  See In re Reliant Energy 
Channelview LP, 594 F.32 200, 207 (“[I]t is plausible to believe that an initial bid, ordinarily or 
perhaps even always, will provide a benefit to an estate because it will establish a floor price for 
the assets to be sold.”).  The Stalking Horse Agreement demonstrates to the market that the Debtors 
Case 25-10068-CTG    Doc 410-2    Filed 02/13/25    Page 13 of 24

=== page 14 ===
  
13 
have a legitimate bidder for substantially all of the Debtors’ assets.  This sets a credible price floor 
and protects all bidders in the process of preparing competing bids.   
19. 
Contrary to the U.S. Trustee Objection’s assertions, the Expense Reimbursement is 
necessary to induce the Stalking Horse Bidder to work toward an executable bid and is the result 
of hard-fought negotiations.  Without the Expense Reimbursement, which amounts to less than 0.5 
percent of the Stalking Horse Bid’s purchase price, the Debtors risk losing the Stalking Horse Bid, 
which poses significant value to the Debtors’ estates.  At less than 0.5 percent of the purchase 
price, the Expense Reimbursement is not only well within the range of reasonableness—it is 
significantly less than the range of bid protections frequently granted in this district.  See, e.g., In 
re American Tire Distribs., Inc., No. 24-12391 (CTG) (Bankr. D. Del. Nov. 26, 2024) (authorizing 
bid protections in an amount equal to 4% of the cash portion of the purchase price); In re SunPower 
Corp., No. 24-11659 (CTG) (Bankr. D. Del. Aug. 29, 2024) (authorizing bid protections in an 
amount equal to 3 percent of the purchase price); In re EXP OldCo Winddown, Inc., (f/k/a Express, 
Inc.), No. 24-10831 (KBO) (Bankr. D. Del. June 6, 2024) (authorizing bid protections of almost 6 
percent of the purchase price); In re Zymergen Inc., No. 23-11661 (KBO) (Bankr. D. Del. Nov. 
20, 2023) (authorizing bid protections in an amount equal to 3.2 percent of the purchase price); 
In re Yellow Corp., No. 23-11069 (CTG) (Bankr. D. Del. Sept. 15, 2023) (authorizing bid 
protections up to 3 percent of the purchase price); In re American Virtual Cloud Technologies, 
Inc., No. 23-10020 (TMH) (Bankr. D. Del. Feb. 24, 2023) (approving bid protections in an amount 
of 8 percent of the purchase price); In re Sequential Brands Group, Inc., No. 21-11194 (JTD) 
(Bankr. D. Del. Sept. 24, 2021) (approving bid protections in an amount equal to 4 percent of the 
purchase price); In re Alex and Ani, LLC, No. 21-10918 (CTG) (Bankr. D. Del. July 16, 2021) 
(approving bid protections in excess of 3 percent of the purchase price); In re The Hertz Corp., 
Case 25-10068-CTG    Doc 410-2    Filed 02/13/25    Page 14 of 24

=== page 15 ===
  
14 
No. 20-11218 (Bank. D. Del. Mar. 2, 2021) (same); In re Francesca’s Holdings Corp., No. 20-
13076 (Bankr. D. Del. Jan. 22, 2021) (same); In re Vitamin OldCo Holdings, Inc., (f/k/a GNC 
Holdings, Inc.), No. 20-11662 (KBO) (Bankr. D. Del. Aug. 19, 2020) (same); In re Things 
Remembered, Inc., No. 19-10234 (KG) (Bankr. D. Del. Feb. 21, 2019) (approving bid protections 
of approximately 4.5 percent of the purchase price); and In re TWC Liquidation Trust, LLC (f/k/a 
The Weinstein Company Holdings LLC), No. 18-10601 (MFW) (Bankr. D. Del. Apr. 6, 2018) 
(approving bid protections in an amount equal to 4.5 percent of the purchase price, which the 
stalking horse could seek to raise to 5 percent of the purchase price).   
20. 
The U.S. Trustee Objection’s assertion that the Stalking Horse Bidder had access 
to information regarding the Debtors which would lessen its diligence burden is misguided.  U.S. 
Trustee Obj. ¶ 55.  The purpose and propriety of Expense Reimbursement for a Stalking Horse 
Bidder is not limited to diligence.  Throughout these chapter 11 cases and in the weeks leading up 
to the Petition Date, the Stalking Horse Bidder has spent significant time and resources (including 
legal fees) to develop, document, and improve upon its bid.  The Expense Reimbursement serves 
the purpose of providing some protection for the Stalking Horse Bidder who may not see the fruits 
of those negotiations if a higher and better bid is ultimately approved.  The Stalking Horse Bidder’s 
affiliation with the Prepetition FILO Agent has no bearing on the expenses that the Stalking Horse 
Bidder has incurred and is still incurring in connection with preparing to consummate a potential 
Sale Transaction—including by participating in settlement negotiations with the Debtors’ other 
stakeholders in an attempt to drive global consensus.  Further, with respect to signage specifically, 
such costs are portable.  If an alternate liquidating bid is ultimately the Winning Bid, such alternate 
bidder would make use of the same signage the Stalking Horse Bidder had already ordered.  
Accordingly, there is no prejudice to the Debtors’ bidding process or their estates if a Winning 
Case 25-10068-CTG    Doc 410-2    Filed 02/13/25    Page 15 of 24

=== page 16 ===
  
15 
Bidder is required to reimburse and effectively repurchase the already-ordered signage from the 
Stalking Horse Bidder.   
21. 
This Court has authorized similar (and greater) bid protections for stalking horse 
bidders, including in circumstances where such bidder was affiliated with the debtors’ funded debt 
or providing a credit bid.  See In re Big Lots, Inc., No. 24-11967 (JKS) (Bankr. D. Del. Oct. 25, 
2024) (approving bid protections approximately 1 percent of the purchase price, including expense 
reimbursement up to $2 million, to an affiliate of the debtors’ prepetition and DIP term agent); In 
re Vesta Holdings, LLC, No. 22-11019 (LSS) (Bankr. D. Del. Dec. 7, 2022) (approving expense 
reimbursement of $1.5 million, approximately 1.2 percent of the credit bid purchase price); In re 
Knotel, Inc., No. 21-10146 (MFW) (Bankr. D. Del. Feb. 22, 2021) (approving expense 
reimbursement of approximately 0.7 percent of the credit bid purchase price); and In re In-Shape 
Holdings, LLC, No. 20-13130 (LSS) (Bankr. D. Del. Dec. 18, 2020) (approving bid protections 
equal to approximately 1.5 percent of the credit bid purchase price). 
22. 
Finally, the Stalking Horse Protections should be entitled to administrative claim 
status.  The relief sought has consistently been “an allowed administrative expense claim under 
section 503(b) of the Bankruptcy Code.”  Revised Bidding Procedures Order ¶ 10.  In light of the 
Stalking Horse Bidder’s role and active participation in the Debtors’ chapter 11 cases, which is 
enabling the Debtors to maximize the value of their estates for all the reasons set forth herein, the 
Expense Reimbursement and Cost of Signage represent actual, necessary costs of preserving the 
estate.  Accordingly, administrative expense priority pursuant to section 503(b) of the Bankruptcy 
Code is appropriate. 
IV. 
The Right to Credit Bid is Preserved. 
23. 
The Bidding Procedures are consistent with section 363(k) of the Bankruptcy Code, 
which provides that Secured Parties may (1) bid at a sale under section 363(b) of the Bankruptcy 
Case 25-10068-CTG    Doc 410-2    Filed 02/13/25    Page 16 of 24

=== page 17 ===
  
16 
Code, and, if the Winning Bidder, (2) offset their claim against the Purchase Price of the Assets.  
11 U.S.C § 363(k).  Nothing in the Bidding Procedures prejudices any party’s right—including 
the Ad Hoc Term Loan Group’s right—to credit bid in accordance with the Bankruptcy Code.  
However, an entitlement to credit bid does not preclude Secured Parties from having to beat higher 
and better bids.  The Bidding Procedures’ requirement that the Purchase Price with respect to any 
bids for the ABL/FILO collateral include a cash component sufficient to pay the Prepetition 
ABL/FILO Obligations in full is another permissible and sound exercise of the Debtors’ business 
judgment—it simply reflects the Prepetition ABL Agent’s and the Prepetition FILO Agent’s clear 
guidance that they will not consent to a bid that does not pay them in full in cash.  Because the 
Stalking Horse Bid satisfies those qualifications, it is a reasonable exercise of the Debtors’ business 
judgment to require other Bids to do the same.   
V. 
A Consumer Privacy Ombudsman Should Not Be Appointed. 
24. 
The U.S. Trustee Objection asserts that the Debtors should address whether a Sale 
Transaction requires the appointment of a consumer privacy ombudsman.  U.S. Trustee Obj. ¶ 69.  
The Debtors have since filed the Frejka Declaration,6 which provides sufficient information the 
Debtors believe addresses the U.S. Trustee’s concerns.  In accordance with the Debtors’ Privacy 
Policies, Consumers consent to the transfer of their Personally Identifiable Information as part of 
a Sale Transaction in multiple ways.  Frejka Decl. ¶ 14.  As such, the appointment of a consumer 
privacy ombudsman is not necessary in these chapter 11 cases, and such an appointment would be 
an inefficient use of precious estate resources.  See Id. 
 
6  
“Frejka Declaration” shall mean the Declaration of Elise S. Frejka, CIPP/US, in Support of the Motion of 
Debtors for Entry of an Order (I) Approving Bidding Procedures, (II) Scheduling Certain Dates and Deadlines 
with Respect thereto, (III) Approving the Form and Manner of Notice thereof, (IV) Approving the Stalking 
Horse Agreement, (V) Establishing Notice and Procedures for the Assumption and Assignment of Contracts and 
Leases, (VI) Authorizing the Assumption and Assignment of Assumed Contracts and Leases, (VII) Approving the 
Sale of Assets, and (VIII) Granting Related Relief filed contemporaneously herewith. 
Case 25-10068-CTG    Doc 410-2    Filed 02/13/25    Page 17 of 24

=== page 18 ===
  
17 
VI. 
Arguments Related to the Terms of the Stalking Horse Agreement and a Hypothetical 
Sale Transaction are Premature. 
25. 
Certain Objections to the Bidding Procedures raise issues that, in the Debtors’ view, 
represent objections more properly lodged at the time of the Sale Hearing.  As identified in 
Exhibit A, these objections are not ripe for this Court’s consideration at this time.  The hearing to 
approve Bidding Procedures is not intended to approve the Stalking Horse Agreement in its 
substance, but only its form in order to set a floor for the overbidding process, which may result 
in new buyers for one or more of the Debtors’ Assets. 
26. 
In time, the Debtors will seek the approval of the Sale Transaction.  But there is no 
guarantee that the Stalking Horse Bidder will be the Winning Bidder.  As such, ruling on such 
Objections should be deferred until a Sale Hearing, and those arguments are preserved for that 
time.  Accordingly, the Revised Bidding Procedures Order should be entered. 
Conclusion  
27. 
For the reasons discussed in the Bidding Procedures Motion and this Reply, the 
Debtors believe that the Bidding Procedures are designed to support an active and competitive 
bidding process that will maximize the value of the Debtors’ estates under the circumstances.  
Accordingly, the Debtors request that the Court overrule the applicable Objections, enter the 
Revised Bidding Procedures Order, and grant such other and further relief that the Court deems 
just and proper. 
 
[Remainder of page intentionally left blank]
Case 25-10068-CTG    Doc 410-2    Filed 02/13/25    Page 18 of 24

=== page 19 ===
 
 
Dated: February 13, 2025 
 
Wilmington, Delaware 
 
 
 
/s/ Patrick J. Reilley 
 
COLE SCHOTZ P.C. 
 
KIRKLAND & ELLIS LLP 
Patrick J. Reilley (No. 4451) 
 
KIRKLAND & ELLIS INTERNATIONAL LLP 
Stacy L. Newman (No. 5044) 
 
Joshua A. Sussberg, P.C. (admitted pro hac vice) 
Michael E. Fitzpatrick (No. 6797) 
 
Aparna Yenamandra, P.C. (admitted pro hac vice) 
Jack M. Dougherty (No. 6784) 
 
601 Lexington Avenue 
500 Delaware Avenue, Suite 1410 
 
New York, New York 10022 
Wilmington, Delaware 19801 
 
Telephone: 
(212) 446-4800 
Telephone: 
(302) 652-3131 
 
Facsimile: 
(212) 446-4900 
Facsimile: 
(302) 652-3117 
 
Email:  
joshua.sussberg@kirkland.com 
Email:             preilley@coleschotz.com 
 
Email:  
aparna.yenamandra@kirkland.com 
                        snewman@coleschotz.com 
 
 
                        mfitzpatrick@coleschotz.com 
 
- and - 
                        jdougherty@coleschotz.com 
 
 
 
Anup Sathy, P.C. (admitted pro hac vice) 
 
 
Jeffrey Michalik (admitted pro hac vice) 
 
 
Lindsey Blumenthal (admitted pro hac vice) 
 
 
333 West Wolf Point Plaza 
 
 
Chicago, Illinois 60654 
 
 
Telephone: 
(312) 862-2000 
 
 
Facsimile: 
(312) 862-2200 
 
 
Email:  
anup.sathy@kirkland.com 
 
 
 
 
jeff.michalik@kirkland.com 
 
 
lindsey.blumenthal@kirkland.com 
 
 
 
 
Case 25-10068-CTG    Doc 410-2    Filed 02/13/25    Page 19 of 24

=== page 20 ===
 
 
EXHIBIT A 
 
Summary of Objections to the Motion1 
Objector and 
Docket No. 
Bases of Objection 
Response to Objection 
Status2 
CRAFTY (AL) 
LLC 
[Docket No. 257] 
• 
The Sale Transaction contemplated by the Stalking 
Horse Agreement should be conditioned on 
assurance of payment of all of administrative claims. 
• 
Landlord seeks to ensure that the Stalking Horse 
Bidder (“SHB”) has no greater rights than the 
Debtors have as tenant under the Lease and that the 
SHB, as a non-debtor, may not piggy-back onto 
rights that belong exclusively to the Debtors as 
subjects of these chapter 11 cases. In particular, the 
SHB should be responsible for any damages SHB or 
its invitees or agents cause to the leased premises and 
SHB may not bring property into the leased premises 
or abandon SHB’s property at those premises. 
• 
The Debtors worked with CRAFTY (AL) LLC to 
resolve their objections.  
Resolved 
IG Design Group 
Americas, Inc. 
[Docket No. 258] 
• 
The Debtors must comply with the store close 
procedures set forth in the Consignment Agreement, 
provide at least 14-days’ notice prior to the closing of 
any liquidation sale, and provide that, upon the 
issuance of notice of Debtors’ intent to liquidate, that 
DGA be granted access and authority to immediately 
remove the Consigned Goods from the Debtors’ 
stores. 
• 
Any liquidator must be required to provide adequate 
protection to DGA by agreeing to secure the 
Consigned Goods. 
• 
The Debtors worked with IG Design Group Americas, 
Inc. to resolve their objections by adding language to 
the Revised Bidding Procedures Order.  Revised 
Bidding Procedures Order ¶ 27. 
Resolved 
 
1  
Capitalized terms used but not defined herein shall have the meanings given to such terms in Reply or the revenant Objection. 
2  
This column reflects status as of the time of the filing of this Reply.  The Debtors continue to engage with all parties and may update this summary of objections either with an 
updated summary or at the Hearing. 
Case 25-10068-CTG    Doc 410-2    Filed 02/13/25    Page 20 of 24

=== page 21 ===
 
 
Objector and 
Docket No. 
Bases of Objection 
Response to Objection 
Status2 
U.S. Trustee 
[Docket No. 285] 
• 
The Debtors failed to provide adequate notice of the 
proposed sale and related deadlines. 
• 
The Debtors failed to provide adequate disclosures 
regarding assets to be sold. 
• 
The Stalking Horse Bidder is not entitled to bid 
protections. 
• 
The Court should not approve a super-super-priority 
expense claim. 
• 
The Court should not grant an affiliate of the Stalking 
Horse Bidder consultation rights. 
• 
The Debtors must provide evidence regarding the 
sale of personally identifiable information. 
• 
The reservation of rights language in paragraph 4 of 
the Proposed Order and section 16 of the Bidding 
Procedures are overbroad. 
• 
The 
Debtors 
cannot 
partially 
assume/assign 
executory contracts and unexpired leases on a 
consensual basis. 
• 
The Final Reconciliation in the Stalking Horse 
Agreement cannot be automatically approved 
without further Court order. 
• 
In filing the Notice of Potential Sale Hearing at 
Docket No. 182, the Debtors have provided adequate 
notice of the sale timeline and deadlines.  Reply ¶ 16. 
• 
The Debtors filed their Schedules and Statements of 
Financial Affairs on February 11, 2025, thus providing 
adequate disclosure of the Debtors’ assets.  Reply ¶ 17. 
• 
The Expense Reimbursement is a material and 
necessary inducement for the Stalking Horse Bidder to 
enter into the Stalking Horse Agreement and is 
appropriate under the circumstances.  Reply ¶¶ 18–21. 
• 
The Debtors only seek regular administrative priority 
for the Expense Reimbursement.  Any objections the 
U.S. Trustee makes with respect to the priority sought 
under other terms of the Stalking Horse Agreement are 
in relation to a Sale Transaction and are not ripe for 
the hearing to approve the Bidding Procedures.  
Reply ¶ 22. 
• 
The Consultation Parties and Reservation of Rights in 
the Bidding Procedures are reasonable and appropriate 
under the circumstances and an exercise of the 
Debtors’ sound business judgment.  Reply ¶¶ 9, 14. 
• 
The Debtors filed the Frejka Declaration providing 
support that a consumer privacy ombudsman is not 
required in these chapter 11 cases.  Reply ¶ 25.  The 
U.S. Trustee confirmed this objection is resolved. 
• 
The 
Debtors 
can 
consensually 
assume/assign 
executory contracts and unexpired leases on a 
consensual basis.  Reply ¶ 15. 
• 
The Final Reconciliation objection is premature and 
does not relate to the procedural relief sought by the 
Debtors in the Motion.   
Unresolved 
Case 25-10068-CTG    Doc 410-2    Filed 02/13/25    Page 21 of 24

=== page 22 ===
 
 
Objector and 
Docket No. 
Bases of Objection 
Response to Objection 
Status2 
Ad Hoc Term 
Loan Group 
[Docket No. 299] 
• 
The proposed sale timeline is too short. 
• 
The Bidding Procedures effectively preclude any 
credit bid by the Term Lenders. 
• 
The Bidding Procedures are improper because they 
propose to sell all of the Debtors’ causes of action, 
including all tort claims, without any investigation or 
valuation of those claims. 
• 
The Prepetition FILO Agent should not be a 
Consultation Party or have certain consent rights. 
• 
The Court should make a determination concerning 
the allocation of the purchase price between the Term 
Priority Collateral and ABL Priority Collateral. 
• 
The sale timeline is a sound exercise of the Debtors’ 
business judgment and reasonable and appropriate 
under the circumstances.  Reply ¶¶ 10–11. 
• 
The Debtors worked with the Ad Hoc Term Loan 
Group to resolve their objection relating to credit 
bidding by incorporating agreed-upon language in the 
Revised Bidding Procedures Order and Bidding 
Procedures.  Revised Bidding Procedures Order ¶ 19; 
Bidding Procedures § 6.2. 
• 
The causes of action are property of the Debtors’ 
estates which it may sell in its reasonable business 
judgment.  Reply ¶ 12. 
• 
The 
Consultation 
Parties 
are 
reasonable 
and 
appropriate under the circumstances and an exercise of 
the Debtors’ sound business judgment.  Reply ¶ 14. 
• 
The remaining objections, including allocation of a 
purchase price, relate to the Stalking Horse Agreement 
and/or a Sale Transaction, are premature, and do not 
relate to the procedural relief sought by the Debtors in 
the Motion.   
Resolved 
Case 25-10068-CTG    Doc 410-2    Filed 02/13/25    Page 22 of 24

=== page 23 ===
 
 
Objector and 
Docket No. 
Bases of Objection 
Response to Objection 
Status2 
Official 
Committee of 
Unsecured 
Creditors 
[Docket No. 303] 
• 
The proposed sale timeline is too short. 
• 
The Prepetition Term Loan Agent should not be a 
Consultation Party until the Stalking Horse Bid is 
withdrawn. 
• 
The Purchase Price for competing bids must equal or 
exceed the Expense Reimbursement and Prepetition 
ABL/FILO Obligations with a defined dollar amount. 
• 
The right to credit bid must be subject to the 
Committee’s challenge rights under section 363(k) of 
the Bankruptcy Code and paragraph 29 of the Interim 
Cash Collateral Order. 
• 
The Debtors must provide the Committee with copies 
of all bids upon receipt. 
• 
The Bidding Procedures should set (i) a deadline for 
Debtors to provide adequate assurance of future 
performance; and (ii) a cure and assumption 
objection deadline allowing counterparties sufficient 
time to review and object. 
• 
The Bidding Procedures should limit the ABL and 
FILO Lenders’ consent rights to new rules, 
procedures, or modifications that would (x) require 
the ABL and FILO Lenders to include a deposit as 
part of a credit bid or (y) impose additional on their 
rights to Credit Bids or to be deemed a Qualified 
Bidder. 
• 
The Stalking Horse Bid should not be approved. 
• 
The sale timeline is a sound exercise of the Debtors’ 
business judgment and reasonable and appropriate 
under the circumstances.  Reply ¶¶ 10–11. 
• 
The Consultation Parties and Purchase Price are both 
reasonable and appropriate under the circumstances 
and an exercise of the Debtors’ sound business 
judgment.  Reply ¶¶ 9 n.4, 14. 
• 
The Debtors have added language to the Revised 
Bidding Procedures Order which subjects the right to 
credit bid to the Committee’s challenge rights.  
Revised Bidding Procedures Order ¶ 18. 
• 
The Debtors worked with the Committee to resolve 
their objection relating to providing copies of all bids 
by incorporating agreed-upon language in the Bidding 
Procedures.  Bidding Procedure § 8. 
• 
The Bidding Procedures now provide a specific date, 
February 22, 2025, for Cure Notices sent with respect 
to a Sale Transaction.  They also provide a 14-day 
objection deadline for Cure Notices and a deadline for 
providing adequate assurance of future performance 
within 2 days of the Auction, if any.  Revised Bidding 
Procedures Order ¶¶ 11, 22–23(a). 
• 
The consent rights are reasonable and appropriate 
under the circumstances and an exercise of the 
Debtors’ sound business judgment.  Reply ¶¶ 9, 14. 
• 
The Committee’s arguments related to the Stalking 
Horse Bid relate to substantive terms of a Sale 
Transaction, are premature, and do not relate to the 
procedural relief sought by the Debtors in the Motion.   
Unresolved 
Case 25-10068-CTG    Doc 410-2    Filed 02/13/25    Page 23 of 24

=== page 24 ===
 
 
Objector and 
Docket No. 
Bases of Objection 
Response to Objection 
Status2 
ARC 
CLORLFL001, 
LLC, et al. 
[Docket No. 317] 
• 
The proposed sale timeline is too short and should 
provide Landlords with 14 days to object to the 
Winning Bidder. 
• 
Adequate assurance should not have to be requested. 
• 
A Back-Up Bidder should not be approved on the 
same day as the Winning Bidder. 
• 
The sale timeline is a sound exercise of the Debtors’ 
business judgment and reasonable and appropriate 
under the circumstances.  Reply ¶¶ 9–10.  The Bidding 
Procedures provide a 14-day objection deadline for 
Cure Notices.  Revised Bidding Procedures Order ¶ 
23(a).  The Bidding Procedures now provide a specific 
date, February 22, 2025, for Cure Notices sent with 
respect to a Sale Transaction.  Revised Bidding 
Procedures Order ¶ 11. 
• 
The Bidding Procedures state that adequate assurance 
of future performance will be provided within 2 days 
of the Auction, if any.  Revised Bidding Procedures 
Order ¶ 22. 
• 
The Debtors worked with the Landlords to resolve 
their objection relating to a back-up bidder by 
incorporating agreed-upon language in the Bidding 
Procedures.  Bidding Procedure § 12.   
Unresolved 
 
Case 25-10068-CTG    Doc 410-2    Filed 02/13/25    Page 24 of 24

