=== page 1 ===
Case 25-52415-sms    Doc 18    Filed 03/05/25    Entered 03/05/25 03:14:31    Desc Main

Document      Page 1 of 70

UNITED STATES BANKRUPTCY COURT

NORTHERN DISTRICT OF GEORGIA

ATLANTA DIVISION

In re:  
 
 
 
 
 
) 
Chapter 11 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
) 
 
OTB HOLDING LLC, et al.,1 
 
 
) 
Case No. 25-52415 (SMS) 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
) 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
) 
 
 
 
Debtors. 
 
 
 
) 
(Joint Administration Requested) 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
)

DECLARATION OF JONATHAN M. TIBUS IN SUPPORT  
OF CHAPTER 11 PETITIONS AND FIRST DAY PLEADINGS

I, Jonathan M. Tibus, declare under penalty as follows:

1. 
I am the Chief Restructuring Officer (“CRO”) of OTB Holding LLC

(“OTB Holding”) and all of its direct and indirect wholly-owned subsidiaries as debtors and

debtors-in-possession in the above-captioned chapter 11 cases (collectively, the “Debtors” and,

together with certain non-Debtor affiliates, “On The Border” or the “Company”).  I was appointed

CRO of On The Border in January of 2025.

2. 
I am also a Managing Director at Alvarez & Marsal North America, LLC (together

with employees of its affiliates—all of which are wholly-owned by its parent company and

employees—its wholly-owned subsidiaries, and independent contractors, “A&M”).

1  
The Debtors in these chapter 11 cases, along with the last four digits of each Debtor’s federal tax identification 
number, include: OTB Holding LLC (3213), OTB Acquisition LLC (8500), OTB Acquisition of New Jersey LLC 
(1506), OTB Acquisition of Howard County LLC (9865), Mt. Laurel Restaurant Operations LLC (5100), OTB 
Acquisition of Kansas LLC (9014), OTB Acquisition of Baltimore County, LLC (6963). OTB Holding LLC’s 
service address is One Buckhead Plaza, 3060 Peachtree Road, NW, Atlanta, GA 30305.

36071446.v1

=== page 2 ===
Case 25-52415-sms    Doc 18    Filed 03/05/25    Entered 03/05/25 03:14:31    Desc Main

Document      Page 2 of 70

3. 
I have been a full-time restructuring advisor for 27 years.  I received a bachelor’s

degree from Florida State University and an MBA from The University of Florida.  I am also a

Certified Insolvency and Restructuring Advisor with a Certification in Distressed Business

Valuation and am a member of the American Bankruptcy Institute, the Association of Insolvency

and Restructuring Advisors, and the Turnaround Management Association.

4. 
I have been employed by A&M for 22 years.  A&M is a preeminent consulting firm

with extensive experience and an excellent reputation for providing high quality, specialized

management and restructuring advisory services to debtors and distressed companies.  A&M’s

core services include turnaround advisory services, interim and crisis management, revenue

enhancement, claims management, and creditor and risk management advisory services.  A&M

provides a wide range of debtor advisory services targeted at stabilizing and improving a

company’s financial position, including, developing or validating forecasts, business plans and

related assessments of strategic position; monitoring and managing cash, cash flow, and supplier

relationships; assessing and recommending cost reduction strategies; and designing and

negotiating financial restructuring packages.  Additionally, A&M provides advice on specific

aspects of the turnaround process and helps manage complex constituency relations and

communications.  A&M is known for its ability to work alongside company management and key

constituents during chapter 11 restructurings.  Some notable, publicly disclosed restructuring

assignments that I have personally advised on include Ignite Restaurant Group, Inc. (including its

Joe’s Crab Shack and Brickhouse Tavern restaurant brands), California Pizza Kitchen, Kona Grill,

Real Mex Restaurants, Inc., Last Call Operating Co., Krystal Company, Quiznos, Max & Erma’s,

2

=== page 3 ===
Case 25-52415-sms    Doc 18    Filed 03/05/25    Entered 03/05/25 03:14:31    Desc Main

Document      Page 3 of 70

Garden Fresh (d/b/a/ Souplantation and Sweet Tomatoes), and Red Lobster Management LLC

(d/b/a Red Lobster).

5. 
On March 4, 2025 (the “Petition Date”), the above-captioned debtors and debtors

in possession (collectively, the “Debtors”) each commenced a case (the “Chapter 11 Cases”) by

filing a voluntary petition for relief under chapter 11 of title 11 of the United States Code

(the “Bankruptcy Code”) in the United States Bankruptcy Court for the Northern District of

Georgia, Atlanta Division (the “Court”).  The Debtors are operating their business and managing

their properties as debtors in possession under sections 1107(a) and 1108 of the Bankruptcy Code.

To date, no creditors’ committee has been appointed in the Chapter 11 Cases by the Office of the

United States Trustee for the Northern District of Georgia (the “United States Trustee”).  No trustee

or examiner has been appointed in the Chapter 11 Cases.

6. 
To minimize any adverse effects on their estates as a result of the commencement

of these Chapter 11 Cases, the Debtors have filed motions and pleadings seeking various types of

“first day” relief (collectively the “First Day Pleadings”), 2 applications and other pleadings.

Specifically, the Debtors are requesting, among other things, that the Court: (a) approve the

Debtors’ entry into a debtor-in-possession financing facility and use of cash collateral, which will

provide the liquidity necessary for the Debtors to continue to operate their business during the

Chapter 11 Cases; (b) authorize the Debtors to pay in full and in the ordinary course of business

certain prepetition claims, including employee wage, benefit and expense reimbursement claims

and the claims of certain vendors that provide goods and services to the Debtors; (c) authorize the

2  
Unless otherwise defined here, capitalized terms used herein shall have the meanings ascribed to them in the 
relevant First Day Pleadings.

3

=== page 4 ===
Case 25-52415-sms    Doc 18    Filed 03/05/25    Entered 03/05/25 03:14:31    Desc Main

Document      Page 4 of 70

Debtors to continue using their existing cash management system, including their existing bank

accounts; and (d) authorize the implementation of certain administrative procedures to minimize

any disruption to the Debtors’ business as a result of the commencement of the Chapter 11 Cases.

The First Day Pleadings are more fully described in Part II of this Declaration below.  The relief

sought in the First Day Pleadings is crucial to preserve and maximize value for all stakeholders

and will position the Debtors for success as they transition into chapter 11.

7. 
I submit this declaration (the “Declaration”) to provide an overview of the Debtors,

their business, and the Chapter 11 Cases, as well as to support the Debtors’ chapter 11 petitions

and certain of the First Day Pleadings.   I have reviewed the Debtors’ chapter 11 petitions and First

Day Pleadings, or have otherwise had the contents explained to me, and it is my belief that the

relief sought in each First Day Pleading: (a) is necessary to enable the Debtors to operate in chapter

11 with minimum disruption or loss of productivity or value, (b) constitutes a critical element in

achieving a successful reorganization of the Debtors, and (c) best serves the Debtors’ estates and

their creditors’ interests.  The facts set forth in each First Day Pleading are incorporated herein by

reference.

8. 
 Except as indicated otherwise, I have personal knowledge of the matters set forth

herein and all facts set forth herein are based on my personal knowledge, discussions with current

and former members of the Debtors’ senior management and professional advisors, my review of

relevant documents, or my opinion based upon my experience and knowledge of the Debtors’

operations and financial conditions.  In making this Declaration, I have relied in part on

information and materials that the Debtors’ personnel and advisors have gathered, prepared,

verified, and provided to me, in each case under my ultimate supervision, at my direction, and/or

4

=== page 5 ===
Case 25-52415-sms    Doc 18    Filed 03/05/25    Entered 03/05/25 03:14:31    Desc Main

Document      Page 5 of 70

for my benefit in preparing this Declaration.  I am authorized to submit this Declaration on the

Debtors’ behalf, and, if called upon to testify, I could and would testify competently to the facts

set forth herein.

9. 
The Declaration is divided into two parts.  Part I provides background information

about the Debtors, their business operations, their corporate and capital structures, the events

leading up to the filing of the Chapter 11 Cases, and the anticipated path of these Chapter 11 Cases.

Part II sets forth the relevant facts in support of each of the First Day Pleadings.

PART I

BACKGROUND

A. 
The Debtors and Their Business Operations

10. 
The Debtors operate the well-known restaurant brand “On The Border Mexican

Grill & Cantina” (“On The Border”), which is engaged primarily in the development, operation

and franchising of casual restaurants in the United States and South Korea.  Founded in Dallas,

Texas in 1982, On The Border is known for its sizzling mesquite-grilled fajitas, award-winning

margaritas, house-made salsa and endless chips and salsa.  In the past forty years, On The Border

has steadily grown over time from a single cantina to one of the country’s most well-known

domestic and international Tex-Mex restaurant chains offering affordable, consistent, cultivated

delicious menu items featuring bold flavors from Texas and Mexico.  With over eighty (80)

restaurants in the U.S. and internationally, it’s a favorite destination for fresh Tex-Mex food and

vibrant good times.

11. 
On The Border leverages its unique, authentic brand to differentiate itself from

others in the casual dining sector.  As of the Petition Date, the Debtors continue to operate sixty

5

=== page 6 ===
Case 25-52415-sms    Doc 18    Filed 03/05/25    Entered 03/05/25 03:14:31    Desc Main

Document      Page 6 of 70

(60) restaurant locations across eighteen (18) states.  All sixty (60) of the Debtors’ corporate-

operated restaurant locations are leased.  In addition to the restaurants operated by the Debtors, On

The Border has entered into franchise agreements whereby third-party franchisees operate twenty

(20) additional restaurants in the United States and South Korea.  With certain exceptions, the

franchisees of these restaurants generally remit 2.5% to 4% of sales as royalties to the Debtors.  In

fiscal year 2024, franchised units generated approximately $1,832,000 in royalties.

12. 
Originally known as “On The Border South Texas Café,” the Company, in 1982,

opened a single cantina with the goal of sharing bold, border-style food with its customers.  In

1994, twelve years after opening its doors, Brinker International (“Brinker”) acquired On The

Border and shortly thereafter opened its first franchise location.  By 2001, On The Border had over

100 domestic restaurant locations and, in 2007, expanded into South Korea with several franchised

locations.

13. 
In 2010, Brinker sold the Company and its 160 cantinas at the time to Golden Gate

Capital, which in turn sold the Company to Border Holdings LLC, an affiliate of the Atlanta-based

private equity firm, Argonne Capital Group, in 2014.  In 2020, Utz Brand acquired the right to

manufacture chips and dips under the On The Border™ brand name from Truco Enterprises—

demonstrating the powerful brand identity of the Company.

14. 
As of the Petition Date, the Debtors employ approximately 2,800 employees,

consisting of 375 full-time hourly employees, 2,210 part-time hourly employees and 216 full-time

salaried employees.  OTB Holding LLC is based in Atlanta, Georgia.  Approximately forty (40)

of the Debtors’ employees work in On The Border’s restaurant support center in Irving, Texas,

6

=== page 7 ===
Case 25-52415-sms    Doc 18    Filed 03/05/25    Entered 03/05/25 03:14:31    Desc Main

Document      Page 7 of 70

while the remaining employees work in the field at the Debtors’ restaurants.  The Debtors have no

unionized employees and are not party to any collective bargaining agreements.

15. 
On The Border’s business is labor intensive, and its workforce includes personnel

who are intimately familiar with the Company’s operations, processes, and systems.  The

Company’s employees perform a wide variety of functions that are critical to the Debtors’

operations and cannot be easily replaced due to their unique skill and experience with core business

segments.  The shrinking labor market of willing individuals and the costs associated with hiring

replacements on an expedited basis further underscore the importance of the Company’s current

workforce.

B. 
Prepetition Capital Structure of the Debtors

i. 
Corporate Structure and Governance

16. 
An organizational chart illustrating the corporate structure of the Debtors is

annexed hereto as Exhibit A.  None of the Debtors’ equity securities are publicly traded.

17. 
The equity ownership of the Debtors is as follows:

(a) 
OTB Holding LLC.  OTB Holding LLC is a Delaware limited liability

company that is a wholly owned subsidiary of Border Holdings LLC.  OTB Holding LLC

has no significant assets or operations other than its investment in OTB Acquisition LLC.

(b) 
OTB Acquisition LLC.  OTB Acquisition LLC is a Delaware limited

liability company. OTB Holding LLC is the sole member of OTB Acquisition LLC.3

3  
As depicted on the organizational chart attached hereto as Exhibit A, OTB Partner Interest, LLC, an affiliate of 
Argonne Capital, holds a profit interest in OTB Acquisition LLC. OTB Partner Interest, LLC is not a member of 
OTB Acquisition LLC but is entitled to a percentage of any distribution made by OTB Acquisition LLC pursuant 
to the terms of the operating agreement of OTB Acquisition LLC. The Debtors do not expect any such 
distributions to be made during these Chapter 11 Cases.

7

=== page 8 ===
Case 25-52415-sms    Doc 18    Filed 03/05/25    Entered 03/05/25 03:14:31    Desc Main

Document      Page 8 of 70

(c) 
OTB Acquisition of New Jersey LLC.  OTB Acquisition of New Jersey

LLC is a New Jersey limited liability company that is a wholly owned subsidiary of OTB

Acquisition LLC. OTB Acquisition of New Jersey LLC has no significant assets or

operations.

(d) 
OTB Acquisition of Howard County LLC.  OTB Acquisition LLC owns 90%

of the equity of OTB Acquisition of Howard County LLC and holds 100% of the Class A

shares.  OTB Acquisition of Howard County LLC is a Maryland limited liability company

and has no significant assets or operations.

(e) 
Mt. Laurel Restaurant Operations LLC.  Mt. Laurel Restaurant Operations

LLC is a New Jersey limited liability company that is a wholly owned subsidiary of OTB

Acquisition LLC.  Mt. Laurel Restaurant Operations LLC has no significant assets or

operations.

(f) 
OTB Acquisition of Kansas LLC.  OTB Acquisition of Kansas LLC is a

Kansas limited liability company that is a wholly owned subsidiary of OTB Acquisition

LLC.  OTB Acquisition of Kansas LLC has no significant assets or operations.

(g) 
OTB Acquisition of Baltimore County, LLC.  OTB Acquisition LLC owns

98% of the equity in OTB Acquisition of Baltimore County, LLC and holds 100% of the

Class A shares.  OTB Acquisition of Baltimore County, LLC has no significant assets or

operations.

18. 
All of the Debtors’ operating assets are owned by debtor OTB Acquisition LLC.

Each of OTB Acquisition LLC’s subsidiaries owns a liquor license used in connection with

operation of an On The Border restaurant.

8

=== page 9 ===
Case 25-52415-sms    Doc 18    Filed 03/05/25    Entered 03/05/25 03:14:31    Desc Main

Document      Page 9 of 70

19. 
The manager or managing member, as applicable, of each Debtor is the sole

member of such Debtor or, in the case of OTB Acquisition of Howard County LLC and OTB

Acquisition of Baltimore County, LLC, the holder of all Class A shares.

20. 
OTB Holding LLC’s principal place of business is in Atlanta, Georgia.  The

restaurant support center for OTB Acquisition LLC and the remaining co-Debtors is in Irving,

Texas.

ii. 
Prepetition Secured Debt

21. 
As of the Petition Date, the Debtors are party to two outstanding prepetition secured

credit facilities and are subject to certain secured claims from various vendors.  The Debtors’

outstanding prepetition funded debt obligations are in the amount of approximately $19,602,000

in the aggregate:

Approximate

Facility

Principal 
Outstanding

Prepetition Credit Facility  
$11,750,000

Prepetition Bridge Financing  
$4,032,000

U.S. Foods Secured Claims  
$ 3,820,000

Total 
$19,602,000

a. 
Prepetition Credit Agreement

22. 
On September 9, 2022, Debtor OTB Acquisition LLC (“Acquisition”), CrossFirst

Bank, as lender (“CrossFirst”), each of the other co-Debtors, entered into that certain Credit

Agreement (as amended or otherwise modified from time to time, the “Prepetition Credit

Agreement”) which provides for a revolving loan facility with an aggregate commitment of

$15,000,000, including a $3,000,000 sublimit for letters of credit (the “Prepetition Credit

Facility”).  The Debtors used the proceeds advanced under the Prepetition Credit Facility to,

9

=== page 10 ===
Case 25-52415-sms    Doc 18    Filed 03/05/25    Entered 03/05/25 03:14:31    Desc Main

Document      Page 10 of 70

among other things, fund (i) working capital and other general corporate expenses, (ii) the issuance

of letters of credit and (iii) the acquisition and development of restaurants.

23. 
As of the Petition Date, CrossFirst is owed approximately $11,750,000 (inclusive

of fees and expenses) under the Prepetition Credit Agreement.  The outstanding obligations under

the Prepetition Credit Agreement are secured by a lien on substantially all of the Debtors’ assets.

24. 
Additionally, following certain defaults under the Prepetition Credit Agreement,

including the Debtors’ failure to make required payments, the Debtors negotiated a forbearance

(the “Forbearance Agreement”) with CrossFirst.  The Debtors and CrossFirst entered into that

Forbearance Agreement, dated as of February 14, 2025, pursuant to which CrossFirst agreed to

temporarily forbear from exercising its remedies under the Prepetition Credit Agreement until

March 5, 2025.

b. 
Bridge Financing

25. 
In January 2025, the Debtors required additional working capital to (i) continue

operations and (ii) evaluate and pursue certain strategic alternatives in order to maximize the value

of the Debtors’ assets for the benefit of all stakeholders.  The Debtors were in default under the

Prepetition Credit Agreement, and CrossFirst was unable to advance additional funds.  However,

CrossFirst was willing to subordinate their claims and liens to new bridge financing and potential

debtor-in-possession financing (subject to a cap).  As a result, the Debtors and their professionals

commenced a process to identify potential bridge funding to provide the Debtors with sufficient

liquidity to continue operations while they evaluate and pursue certain strategic alternatives,

including a potential chapter 11 filing, to maximize the value of the Debtors’ assets for all

stakeholders.

10

=== page 11 ===
Case 25-52415-sms    Doc 18    Filed 03/05/25    Entered 03/05/25 03:14:31    Desc Main

Document      Page 11 of 70

26. 
Following negotiations with two parties, on February 14, 2025, the Debtors entered

into that certain Secured Promissory Note (the “Senior Secured Note”) with OTB Lender LLC, as

payee (“Bridge Lender”).

27. 
Pursuant to the Senior Note, Bridge Lender advanced the Debtors an amount equal

to $4,000,000 (“Bridge Financing”) pursuant to the terms of the Senior Secured Note.  The

proceeds of the Bridge Financing were used to (i) fund operations while assessing strategic

alternatives to maximize the value of the Debtors’ assets and (ii) repay an overdraft balance in the

Debtors’ cash management system.  The Bridge Financing provided the Company with the

liquidity it needed to salvage operations, maintain over 2,800 jobs for the Debtors’ employees and,

ultimately, continue a comprehensive marketing and sale process for the benefit of all stakeholders.

The Senior Secured Note matures on April 5, 2025 and is secured by a first-priority lien on all

assets of the Debtors.

28. 
As of the Petition Date, the Bridge Lender is owed approximately $4,032,000

(inclusive of fees and expenses) under the Senior Secured Note.

29. 
The Bridge Lender is an affiliate of Pappas Restaurants, Inc. and, as described

further below, in connection with providing the Bridge Financing, expressed an interest in also

submitting a proposal to buy substantially all of the Debtors’ assets.

c. 
U.S. Foods

30. 
U.S. Foods, the Debtors’ largest food vendor, has a claim that is secured by all of

the Debtors’ assets (“U.S. Foods Secured Claim”).  The Debtors’ estimate that the outstanding

amount of the U.S. Secured Claim is approximately $3,820,000 as of the Petition Date. Pursuant

11

=== page 12 ===
Case 25-52415-sms    Doc 18    Filed 03/05/25    Entered 03/05/25 03:14:31    Desc Main

Document      Page 12 of 70

to the First Day Pleadings, the Debtors seek authority to pay the U.S. Foods Secured Claim in full

in the ordinary course of business.

iii. 
General Unsecured Claims

31. 
In the ordinary course of business, the Debtors incur obligations to vendors,

suppliers, and trade counterparties, including, but not limited to, the amounts set forth in the First

Day Pleadings and described in Part II of this Declaration in further detail.

C. 
Events Leading to Filing

32. 
As detailed herein, these Chapter 11 Cases arose from a number of factors that

affected the Debtors’ performance and available liquidity, including a difficult macroeconomic

environment, labor shortages, an underperforming restaurant footprint, and creditor enforcement

actions.

33. 
I was initially retained on January 9, 2025, as part of a team from A&M in which I

served as chief restructuring officer and A&M provided additional personnel to the Company.  We

were initially tasked with (i) evaluating the Debtors’ current business plan; (ii) identifying cost

reduction and operation improvement opportunities and (iii) managing cash, cash forecasting and

cash reporting requirements.  The key observations from our financial and operational assessment

are summarized below.

i. 
Inflationary Pressures and Labor Shortages

34. 
On The Border has been weighed down in recent years by macroeconomic factors

that have negatively impacted the Company.  Casual dining restaurants are acutely impacted by

consumer sensitivities to eating out versus staying in.  And because of inflationary pressures,

restaurant menu prices across the industry have risen significantly faster than grocery and other

12

=== page 13 ===
Case 25-52415-sms    Doc 18    Filed 03/05/25    Entered 03/05/25 03:14:31    Desc Main

Document      Page 13 of 70

consumer prices.  Typically, when labor inflation runs ahead of commodity inflation, restaurant

prices tend to outpace grocery pricing.  As a result, consumers are less inclined to eat out.

35. 
In addition to inflationary costs imposed on the labor force, 50% of states increased

minimum hourly wages in 2024.  Restaurant average hourly wages have outpaced the restaurant

industry’s ability to increase prices, putting pressure on margins.  The Debtors have struggled in

the last year to recruit and maintain a complete workforce, which diminishes the Debtors’ ability

to operate efficiently.

ii. 
Underperforming Locations

36. 
As of the Petition Date, the Company is party to 113 active leases in connection

with its restaurant locations, approximately of which a significant number relate to non-operational

locations.  As described below, the Debtors seek to reject the leases for non-operational restaurants

as of the Petition Date. In 2024, the Company spent approximately $25,315,000 in lease

obligations, over $11,878,000 of which relate to underperforming stores.  Given the Company’s

operational headwinds and financial position, payment of lease obligations associated with non-

performing leases has caused significant strains on the Company’s liquidity.

37. 
The Debtors have already begun to reduce their cost structure without

compromising quality by rationalizing the Debtors’ restaurant footprint.  On or recently before

February 24, 2025, the Debtors made the difficult decision or were otherwise required to close and

vacate forty (40) stores.  Where possible, On The Border attempted to relocate employees of closed

stores to a nearby location, and reorganized mid-level management accordingly.  These forty (40)

stores were deemed to be non-performing because of rent costs and/or financial performance, such

that operating those stores was deemed to be financially burdensome to the rest of the Company.

13

=== page 14 ===
Case 25-52415-sms    Doc 18    Filed 03/05/25    Entered 03/05/25 03:14:31    Desc Main

Document      Page 14 of 70

iii. 
Creditor Enforcement

38. 
Due the Company’s rapid loss of liquidity in the months preceding the filing, the

Company was forced to quickly institute holds on vendor payments and rent payments to maintain

cash.  Vendors and landlords unsurprisingly began to cut off service, withhold goods, repossess

leased premises or exercise set-off rights when the Company began to hold vendor and rent

payments.  This resulted in the Company losing stores, additional operational challenges, and a

severe liquidity crisis.

D. 
Sale Process and The Chapter 11 Cases

39. 
After thoroughly exploring all options available to the Debtors to raise capital or

commence an alternative sale or recapitalization transaction, and in light of the added challenges

facing the Debtors, including, a dire lack of liquidity, declining revenue and labor shortages, the

managers and managing members of the Debtors (collectively, the “Managers”), as applicable,

determined that commencement of the Chapter 11 Cases to implement a strategic asset sales

strategy (the “Sale Strategy”) under section 363 of the Bankruptcy Code is in the best interest of

all stakeholders.

40. 
In January 2025, the Debtors engaged Hilco Corporate Finance, LLC (“Hilco”) for

a potential marketing process to sell their assets on a going-concern basis, or to consummate

another strategic, value-maximizing transaction that would resolve the Debtors’ operational and

financial challenges.  At the Debtors’ direction, Hilco approached interested parties to secure a

stalking horse bidder for the sale of the Debtors’ assets pursuant to Section 363 of the Bankruptcy

Code.  In total, during the sale process, Hilco contacted 273 strategic and financial potential bidders

14

=== page 15 ===
Case 25-52415-sms    Doc 18    Filed 03/05/25    Entered 03/05/25 03:14:31    Desc Main

Document      Page 15 of 70

to serve as a potential stalking horse bidder, of which thirty-one (31) ultimately negotiated

confidentiality agreements and were provided a confidential information memorandum.

41. 
As noted above, in connection with this process, the Bridge Lender continued its

diligence process and submitted a markup of an asset purchase agreement to acquire substantially

all of the assets of the Debtors. This proposal contemplates that the Bridge Lender will also be the

DIP Lender (as defined in the DIP Motion (defined below)) whereby it will submit a stalking horse

credit bid. The Debtors continue to engage in negotiations with the DIP Lender regarding a stalking

horse asset purchase agreement. Although the Debtors and the DIP Lender have not yet entered

into a stalking horse asset purchase agreement, the Debtors are optimistic that they will do so in

the coming days. Furthermore, the Debtors intend to seek higher or better bids and will continue a

thorough marketing process for the sale of substantially all of their assets.

42. 
The Debtors have targeted the following dates in order to satisfy the terms of the

DIP Credit Agreement and continue a vigorous marketing process:

Milestones 
 
 
Entry of Interim DIP Financing Order 
March 9, 2025 
(Petition Date + 5 Business Days) 
Entry of Final DIP Financing Order 
April 3, 2025 
(Petition Date + 30 Days) 
Entry of Bidding Procedures Order 
April 3, 2025 
(Petition Date + 30 Days) 
Auction Held, if necessary 
May 7, 2025 
(Petition Date + 64 Days) 
Proposed Sale Hearing  
May 9, 2025 
(Petition Date + 66 Days) 
Entry of Sale Order 
May 9, 2025 
(Petition Date + 66 Days) 
Sale Consummation 
May 24, 2025 
(Petition Date + 81 Days)

15

=== page 16 ===
Case 25-52415-sms    Doc 18    Filed 03/05/25    Entered 03/05/25 03:14:31    Desc Main

Document      Page 16 of 70

43. 
The Sale Strategy is the foundation of these Chapter 11 Cases and is critical to

maximizing recoveries for all stakeholders.  Through its various First Day Motions, the Debtors

are requesting this Court to permit the Chapter 11 Cases to move quickly and to culminate in a

fair, open, and competitive section 363 sale auction.

PART II

FIRST DAY PLEADINGS

44. 
The Debtor expects to file, and respectfully request that this Court approve, the

First Day Pleadings.  I have reviewed each of the First Day Pleadings (including the exhibits and

schedules attached thereto) and, to the best of my knowledge, believe that the facts set forth therein

are true and correct.  Moreover, I believe that the relief sought in each of the First Day Pleadings

(a) is vital to enable to Debtors to make the transition to, and operate in, chapter 11 with minimum

interruption or disruption to their business or loss of productivity or value, and (b) constitutes a

critical element in maximizing value during the Chapter 11 Cases.  Such representation is based

upon information and belief, through my review of various materials and other information, and

my experience and knowledge of the Debtors’ operations and financial condition.  If called upon

to testify, I could and would, based on the foregoing, testify competently to the facts set forth in

each of the First Day Pleadings.

45. 
Contemporaneously herewith, the Debtors filed, and respectfully request that this

Court approve, the First Day Pleadings.  I have reviewed each of the First Day Pleadings (including

the exhibits and schedules attached thereto) and, to the best of my knowledge, believe that the facts

set forth therein are true and correct.  Moreover, I believe that the relief sought in each of the First

Day Pleadings (a) is vital to enable to Debtors to make the transition to, and operate in, chapter 11

16

=== page 17 ===
Case 25-52415-sms    Doc 18    Filed 03/05/25    Entered 03/05/25 03:14:31    Desc Main

Document      Page 17 of 70

with minimum interruption or disruption to their business or loss of productivity or value, and (b)

constitutes a critical element in maximizing value during the Chapter 11 Cases.  Such

representation is based upon information and belief, through my review of various materials and

other information, and my experience and knowledge of the Debtors’ operations and financial

condition.  If called upon to testify, I could and would, based on the foregoing, testify competently

to the facts set forth in each of the First Day Pleadings.4

46. 
Several of the First Day Pleadings request authority to pay certain prepetition

claims against the Debtors.  I understand that Bankruptcy Rule 6003 provides, in relevant part, that

the Court shall not consider motions to pay prepetition claims during the first twenty-one (21) days

following the filing of a chapter 11 case, except to the extent relief is necessary to avoid immediate

and irreparable harm.  In light of this requirement, the Debtors have narrowly tailored their requests

for immediate authority to pay certain prepetition claims in those instances where the failure to

pay would cause immediate and irreparable harm to the Debtors and their estates.

A. 
Procedural Motions

Notice of Designation of Complex Chapter 11 Case

47. 
The Debtors request the entry of an order designating the Chapter 11 Cases as

complex cases.  The Debtors believe these cases qualify as complex Chapter 11 Cases because: (a)

the Debtors have total assets of more than $25 million; (b) there are more than 100 parties in

interest in these cases, excluding former and current employees; (c) the Debtors are not individuals;

and (d) the Debtors do not own single asset real estate.

4  
All capitalized terms used but not defined in Part II shall have the meaning ascribed to them in the applicable 
First Day Pleadings.

17

=== page 18 ===
Case 25-52415-sms    Doc 18    Filed 03/05/25    Entered 03/05/25 03:14:31    Desc Main

Document      Page 18 of 70

Debtors’ Emergency Motion for Entry of an Order (I) Directing Joint Administration of 
Related 
Chapter 
11 
Cases 
and 
(II) 
Granting 
Related 
Relief 
(the “Joint Administration Motion”)

48. 
The Debtors request the entry of an order directing their bankruptcy cases be jointly

administered for procedural purposes only under the caption of the case filed by OTB Holding

LLC.

49. 
The Debtors believe it will be more efficient for these cases to be jointly

administered.  The Debtors anticipate that most hearings and contested matters will apply to all of

the Debtors’ cases equally.  Joint administration of the Debtors’ Chapter 11 Cases will save the

Debtors and their estates substantial time and expense by removing the need to prepare, replicate,

file and serve duplicative notices, applications, and orders.  Further, joint administration would

relieve the Court of entering duplicative orders and maintaining duplicative files and dockets.

Consequently, joint administration of these cases will promote the economical and efficient

administration of the Debtors’ estates, unencumbered by the procedural problems otherwise

attendant to the administration of separate, albeit related, cases.

50. 
The Debtors also request the authority to file the monthly operating reports required

by the United States Trustee Operating Guidelines on a consolidated basis.  This will further

administrative economy and efficiency without prejudice to creditors or parties in interest.

18

=== page 19 ===
Case 25-52415-sms    Doc 18    Filed 03/05/25    Entered 03/05/25 03:14:31    Desc Main

Document      Page 19 of 70

Debtors’ Emergency Motion for Entry of an Order (I) Authorizing the Debtors to 
(A) Prepare a Consolidated List of Creditors in Lieu of Submitting a Formatted Mailing 
Matrix, (B) File a Consolidated List of the Debtors’ 30 Largest Unsecured Creditors and 
(C) Redact Certain Personal Identification Information for Individual Creditors; 
(II) Approving the Form and Manner of Notifying Creditors of the Commencement of 
These Chapter 11 Cases and Other Information; and (III) Granting Related Relief 
(the “Consolidated List of Creditors Motion”)

51. 
The Debtors request authority to prepare and maintain a consolidated list of

creditors (the “Creditor Matrix”) in lieu of submitting a separate mailing matrix for each Debtor.

Permitting the Debtors to maintain a consolidated list of their creditors in electronic format only,

in lieu of filing a separate creditor matrix for each Debtor, is warranted under the circumstances

of these cases.  Because the Debtors have thousands of potential creditors and other parties in

interest, converting the Debtors’ computerized information to a format compatible with the matrix

requirements would be a burdensome task and would greatly increase the risk of error.

52. 
The Debtors, working together with the Kurtzman Carson Consultants, LLC d/b/a

Verita Global, the Debtors’ proposed claims and noticing agent (the “Noticing Agent”), have

prepared a single, consolidated list of the Debtors’ creditors in electronic format.  The Debtors are

prepared to make that list available in electronic form to any party in interest who so requests (or

in non-electronic form at such requesting party’s sole cost and expense) in lieu of submitting a

separate mailing matrix for each Debtor to the Court’s clerk’s office.

53. 
Additionally, the Debtors request the authority to redact address information of

individual creditors—many of whom are employees—of the Debtors to the extent they appear on

the Creditor Matrix because such information could be used to perpetrate identity theft.

54. 
The Debtors also request authority to file a single consolidated list of their thirty

(30) largest general unsecured creditors (the “Consolidated Top 30 List”) pursuant to the Second

19

=== page 20 ===
Case 25-52415-sms    Doc 18    Filed 03/05/25    Entered 03/05/25 03:14:31    Desc Main

Document      Page 20 of 70

Amended and Restated general Order 26-2019, Procedures for Complex Chapter 11 Cases, dated

February 6, 2023.  The Consolidated Top 30 List will help alleviate administrative burdens, costs,

and the possibility of duplicative service.

55. 
Finally, the Debtors request authority to establish certain procedures for providing

notice to parties of the commencement of the Chapter 11 Cases and of other related information

(the “Notice of Commencement”).  In particular, the Debtors request authority for the Noticing

Agent to serve the Notice of Commencement on all parties entitled to notice of commencement of

the Chapter 11 Cases.  This will ensure that the Debtors’ creditors and stakeholders receive prompt

notice of the commencement of the Chapter 11 Cases and the Meeting of Creditors.

Debtors’ Emergency Motion for Entry of an Order (I) Extending Time to File Schedules 
and 
Statements 
of 
Financial 
Affairs 
and 
(II) 
Granting 
Related 
Relief 
(the “Schedules Extension Motion”)

56. 
The Debtors seek entry of an order granting the Debtors an additional thirty (30)

days to file their schedules of assets and liabilities, schedules of current expenditures, schedules of

executory contracts and unexpired leases and statements of financial affairs (collectively,

the “Schedules and Statements”).  To prepare the Schedules and Statements, the Debtors must

gather information from books, records, and documents relating to a multitude of transactions.

Consequently, collection of the necessary information requires the expenditure of substantial time

and effort on the part of the Debtors’ already over-burdened employees.  Given the size and

complexity of the Debtors’ business and financial affairs and the critical matters that the Debtors’

management and professionals were required to address prior to the Petition Date, the Debtors

were not in a position to complete the Schedules and Statements as of the Petition Date.

20

=== page 21 ===
Case 25-52415-sms    Doc 18    Filed 03/05/25    Entered 03/05/25 03:14:31    Desc Main

Document      Page 21 of 70

57. 
For these reasons, the Debtors believe that they will be unable to compile all the

information necessary for the preparation and filing of the Schedules and Statements within

fourteen days after the entry of the order for relief, as required by Bankruptcy Rule 1007(c).  The

Debtors’ employees will begin working diligently to assemble and collate the necessary

information.  The Debtors anticipate that they will need a minimum of thirty (30) additional days

beyond those otherwise prescribed by the Bankruptcy Rules in order to prepare and file their

Schedules and Statements in the appropriate format.

Emergency Application of Debtors for Entry of Order Authorizing the Retention and 
Employment of Kurtzman Carson Consultants LLC dba Verita Global as Claims, 
Noticing, Solicitation and Administrative Agent Effective As Of Petition Date 
(the “Verita Retention Application”)

58. 
The Debtors seek authority to employ and retain Kurtzman Carson Consultants,

LLC d/b/a Verita Global (“Verita”) as claims and noticing agent in the Chapter 11 Cases.  I believe

that such relief is prudent in light of the thousands of creditors, potential creditors, and parties in

interest to whom certain notices will be sent.  Accordingly, I believe that the most effective and

efficient manner by which to give notice and process claims in the Chapter 11 Cases is to engage

Verita, an independent third party with significant experience in this role, to act as an agent of the

Court.

59. 
The Debtors and their advisors obtained and reviewed engagement proposals from

two other claims and noticing agents to ensure a competitive process.  Verita is one of the country’s

leading chapter 11 administrators, with significant experience in noticing, claims administration,

solicitation, balloting, and facilitating other administrative aspects of Chapter 11 Cases.  I

understand that Verita has substantial experience providing services, including claims and noticing

services, in matters comparable in size and complexity to this matter.

21

=== page 22 ===
Case 25-52415-sms    Doc 18    Filed 03/05/25    Entered 03/05/25 03:14:31    Desc Main

Document      Page 22 of 70

60. 
I believe that Verita’s rates are competitive and reasonable given Verita’s services

and expertise.  Appointing Verita as the Debtors’ Claims and Noticing Agent will maximize the

efficiency of the distribution of notices and the processing of claims, as well as relieve the Clerk’s

Office of the U.S. Bankruptcy Court of the administrative burden of processing an overwhelming

number of claims.

61. 
As part of the overall compensation payable to Verita under the terms of the

Retention Agreement, the Debtors have agreed to certain indemnification obligations as

specifically enumerated in the Services Agreement.  The Debtors and Verita believe that the

indemnification provisions contained in the Services Agreement are customary and reasonable for

Verita and comparable firms providing claims, noticing, solicitation and related administrative

service.

62. 
Additional factual support is set forth in the Verita Retention Application and the

declarations attached thereto.

B. 
Operational Motions

Debtors’ Emergency Motion for Entry of Interim and Final Orders (I) Authorizing 
Continued Use of Prepetition Bank Accounts, Cash Management System, Forms, and 
Books and Records and (II) Granting Related Relief (the “Cash Management Motion”)

63. 
The Debtors seek (a) the authority to maintain Bank Accounts and continue the use

of existing Business Forms; (b) the authority, but not direction to continue using the Cash

Management System; (c) to pay Bank Fees and Credit Processing Fees in the ordinary course of

business; and (d) to modify certain Guidelines set forth by the U.S. Trustee and contained in

Section 345(b) of the Bankruptcy Code.

22

=== page 23 ===
Case 25-52415-sms    Doc 18    Filed 03/05/25    Entered 03/05/25 03:14:31    Desc Main

Document      Page 23 of 70

64. 
The Debtors use the Cash Management System in the ordinary course of business

which permits the efficient collection and application of funds.  The Cash Management System is

comprised of seventeen (17) Bank Accounts of which eleven (11) are maintained at CrossFirst and

six (6) at Bank of America.  A list of the Debtors’ Bank Accounts is attached to the Cash

Management Motion as Exhibit A and a chart that illustrates how the Debtors’ cash flow system

operates at both CrossFirst and Bank of America is attached thereto as Exhibit B.

65. 
A summary of the Debtors’ Cash Management System and the Bank Accounts is

contained below:

(a) 
Centralized Depository Accounts.  The Debtors maintain four centralized 
depository accounts – two at CrossFirst with account numbers ending in 9413 and 9889, 
respectively (the “CrossFirst Centralized Depository Accounts”), and two centralized 
depository accounts at Bank of America with account numbers ending in 7427 and 7430, 
respectively (the “Bank of America Centralized Depository Accounts,” and together with 
the CrossFirst Centralized Depository Account, the “Centralized Depository Accounts”) 
into which all funds in the form of cash or check are deposited by Stores through armored 
car pickup one time per week and credit card and other electronic payment deposits are 
deposited daily.  Each of these are zero balance accounts.  All funds in the Centralized 
Depository Account are swept to the applicable Concentration Account (as defined below) 
on a daily basis.

(b) 
Concentration Accounts.  The Debtors maintain one operating account at 
CrossFirst with account number ending in 8043 (the “CrossFirst Concentration Account”) 
and one operating account at Bank of America with account number ending in 7443 (the 
“Bank of America Concentration Account,” and together with the CrossFirst Concentration 
Account, the “Concentration Accounts”).  Approximately sixty percent (60%) of the 
Debtors’ receipts are deposited directly into the CrossFirst Concentration Account.  Of the 
remaining revenues, the majority are deposited into one of the CrossFirst Centralized 
Depository Accounts and swept daily into the CrossFirst Concentration Account.  
However, the revenues for ten (10) stores are initially deposited into one of the Bank or 
America Depository Accounts are swept daily into the Bank of America Concentration 
Account.  Funds are transferred out of the Concentration Accounts, as needed, to fund 
nearly all of the Debtors’ disbursements.  The funds in the Bank of America Concentration 
Account are only used to pay vault orders from one of the Bank of America Centralized 
Depository Accounts (#7430), liquor costs and bank fees.  When the cash reserve in the 
Bank of America Concentration Account exceeds the anticipated needs for payment of

23

=== page 24 ===
Case 25-52415-sms    Doc 18    Filed 03/05/25    Entered 03/05/25 03:14:31    Desc Main

Document      Page 24 of 70

such expenses, the Debtors manually transfer the excess funds into the CrossFirst 
Concentration Account.

(c) 
CrossFirst Disbursement Accounts.  The vast majority of disbursements 
(other than payroll and real and personal property taxes) are generally made out of two 
disbursement accounts at CrossFirst with account numbers ending in 3533 and 8675, 
respectively (the “CrossFirst Disbursement Accounts”).  The funds needed for 
disbursement are swept daily from the CrossFirst Concentration Account to the appropriate 
CrossFirst Disbursement Account and thereafter disbursed to cover accounts payable 
(other than payroll and real and personal property taxes).  One of the CrossFirst 
Disbursement Accounts disburses via check only and the other CrossFirst Disbursement 
Account disburses via wire, ACH, or other electronic payments.

(d) 
Bank of America Disbursement Account.  The Debtors maintain one 
operational disbursement account at Bank of America with account number ending in 2463 
(the “Bank of America Disbursement Account”).  The Bank of America Disbursement 
Account is a checking account that is used to pay cash on hand deliveries for all of the 
Debtors’ stores.

(e) 
Payroll Account.  The Debtors maintain a Payroll Account with CrossFirst 
with account number ending in 4532 (the “Payroll Account”).  The Payroll Account is a 
zero balance account that funds wages of the Debtors’ employees.  Funds in the Payroll 
Account are received through cash transfers from the CrossFirst Concentration Account in 
amounts sufficient to cover such wage obligations during a given pay period.  The Debtors’ 
payroll processor sweeps the funds in the Payroll Account prior to each pay period and 
processes payroll.  Additionally, (i) the Internal Revenue Service and (ii) Rain 
Technologies Inc., the administrator for the Debtors’ “Early Wage Access” program, will 
sweep from the Payroll Account for purposes of satisfying year-end payroll tax obligations 
and early wage access liabilities, respectively.  Any excess funds are manually transferred 
back into the CrossFirst Concentration Account at the end of each pay period.

(f) 
Miscellaneous Accounts.  The Debtors also maintain the following 
miscellaneous accounts: (i) a disbursement account held at CrossFirst used to fund real and 
personal property taxes; (ii) a depository account at CrossFirst that holds funds collected 
through the Debtors’ “OTB Better Together Fund”; (iii) an adequate assurance account that 
the Debtors intend to hold funds to provide adequate assurance to the Debtors’ utility 
service providers; and (iv) four zero balance accounts held at CrossFirst and Bank of 
America, respectively, that are no longer used and maintain a zero-balance.

66. 
The Debtors’ existing Bank Accounts function smoothly and permit the efficient

collections and disbursements of cash for the benefit of the Debtors and all parties in interest.  The

Debtors’ transition into chapter 11 will be significantly less disruptive if the Bank Accounts are

24

=== page 25 ===
Case 25-52415-sms    Doc 18    Filed 03/05/25    Entered 03/05/25 03:14:31    Desc Main

Document      Page 25 of 70

maintained following the commencement of these cases with the same account numbers and,

where applicable, automated relationship.

67. 
Bank Fees.  In the ordinary course of business, the Debtors incur periodic service

charges and other fees in connection with maintaining the cash management system (collectively,

the “Bank Fees”).  The Debtors estimate that they owe approximately $20,450 in unpaid Bank

Fees as of the Petition Date.  By the Cash Management Motion, the Debtors seek the authority to

continue to pay the Bank Fees, including the prepetition Bank Fees, in the ordinary course of

business on a postpetition basis.

68. 
Credit Card Processing Fees.  The Debtors accept credit cards at all of their

restaurants.  Credit card payments received at each restaurant are processed by either NCR Voyix

Corporation (“NCR”) or Fiserv, Inc. (“FiServ”, and together with NCR, the “Credit Card

Processors”).  NCR processes all credit card transactions for in-store payments and FiServ

processes all credit card transactions for catering and online ordering.  The Debtors’ continued

ability to honor or process credit card transactions is essential to their efforts to maintain the

operation of their business and maximize value to their estates.  Without this ability, the Debtors

would lose the ability to conduct sales transactions in the ordinary course of business.  Pursuant to

the terms of the Debtors’ agreements and relationships with the Credit Card Processors, the

Debtors are required to pay certain fees for credit card processing services (collectively, the

“Processing Fees”).  The Credit Card Processors net the Processing Fees from the credit card

receipts.  As a result, the Debtors do not expect any Processing Fees to be outstanding as of the

Petition Date.  By the Cash Management Motion, the Debtors seek the authority to continue to pay

25

=== page 26 ===
Case 25-52415-sms    Doc 18    Filed 03/05/25    Entered 03/05/25 03:14:31    Desc Main

Document      Page 26 of 70

the Processing Fees, including any prepetition obligations, in the ordinary course of business to

avoid any interruption of the Debtors’ ability to process credit card transactions.

69. 
Existing Business Forms and Checks.  In the ordinary course of business, the

Debtors maintain blank check stock and use a system, which is pre-programmed by a third party,

to print the Debtors’ names thereon.  In addition, the Debtors maintain pre-printed correspondence

and business forms, including, but not limited to, letterhead, envelopes, promotional materials and

other business forms (collectively, along with the Debtors’ checks, the “Business Forms”).  To

minimize administrative expense and delay, pursuant to Procedure K(1) of the Complex Case

Procedures, the Debtors request authority to continue to use the Business Forms substantially in

the forms existing immediately prior to the Petition Date, without reference to each Debtor’s

“Debtor in Possession” status.

70. 
Requested Modification of Certain U.S. Trustee Guidelines.  I understand that the

Office of the U.S. Trustee for Region 21 (the “U.S. Trustee”) has established guidelines (the

“Guidelines”) to supervise the administration of chapter 11 cases and prevent postpetition

payments for prepetition claims.  The Guidelines require a chapter 11 debtor to, among other

things: (i) close its existing books, records and bank accounts, and open new postpetition books,

records and bank accounts (which must bear debtor in possession labels, and must be opened at

banks approved by the U.S. Trustee); (ii) establish separate bank accounts for operations, payment

of taxes, cash collateral and payroll (to the extent that the debtor had a separate payroll account

prepetition); and (iii) obtain new checks bearing the designation “Debtor in Possession,” along

with additional information.

26

=== page 27 ===
Case 25-52415-sms    Doc 18    Filed 03/05/25    Entered 03/05/25 03:14:31    Desc Main

Document      Page 27 of 70

71. 
By the Cash Management Motion, the Debtors seek a modification of the deposit

guidelines set forth in section 345(b) of the Bankruptcy Code and the Guidelines to permit the

Debtors to maintain their existing Bank Accounts and Cash Management System.  As depicted on

Exhibit B of the Cash Management Motion, the majority of the Debtors’ Bank Accounts are

maintained at CrossFirst, which is not an approved depository in compliance with section 345(b)

of the Bankruptcy Code or the Guidelines.  However, treasury management needs require the

Debtors to maintain certain Bank Accounts with CrossFirst.  The Debtors remaining accounts are

held at Bank of America, which is included on the U.S. Trustee’s approved depository list and

thereby complies with the approved depository requirements of section 345(b) of the Bankruptcy

Code.  Thus, the Debtors believe that any funds that are deposited in the Bank Accounts are secure.

72. 
The Debtors’ Bank Accounts comprise an established Cash Management System

that the Debtors need to maintain in order to ensure that collections and disbursements from the

Bank Accounts are not disrupted.  The Debtors rely upon each of the Banks because there is not

one single financial institution with branches near each of the Debtors’ restaurant locations.  The

Debtors will note, in their respective records, the date and times the chapter 11 petitions were filed,

and the records will reflect each postpetition receipt and disbursement.  Accordingly, the Debtors

request that their existing accounts be deemed DIP accounts, and that their maintenance and

continued use be authorized.

73. 
Moreover, all the Debtors’ Bank Accounts are located in the United States and are

insured by the FDIC.  To the extent that any of the Debtors’ Bank Accounts are located at financial

institutions that are not an authorized depository, there is only one account (the CrossFirst

Concentration Account) that will exceed the FDIC insurance limit of $250,000 for more than a

27

=== page 28 ===
Case 25-52415-sms    Doc 18    Filed 03/05/25    Entered 03/05/25 03:14:31    Desc Main

Document      Page 28 of 70

twenty-four (24) hour period.  Thus, the Debtors believe that any funds that are deposited in the

Bank Accounts are secure, and, therefore, the Debtors are in compliance with Bankruptcy Code

section 345 with respect to such Bank Account.

Debtors’ Emergency Motion for Entry of an Order (I) Authorizing Payment of 
Prepetition Wages, Payroll Taxes, Certain Employee Benefits, and Related Expenses; 
(II) Directing Banks to Honor Related Prepetition Transfers; and (III) Granting Related 
Relief (the “Wages Motion”)

74. 
The Debtors seek authority, but not direction, to pay the Employee Obligations that

become due and owing during these chapter 11 cases and to continue their practices, programs and

policies that were in effect as of the Petition Date.  The Debtors request that all banks and other

financial institutions be authorized and directed, when requested by the Debtors and in the Debtors’

sole discretion, to receive, process, honor and pay any and all checks drawn on the Debtors’

accounts to pay the Employee Obligations, provided that sufficient funds are available in the

applicable accounts to make the payments and transfers.  The Debtors similarly request that they

be authorized, but not directed, to pay any cost or penalty incurred by their Employees in the event

that a check issued by the Debtors for payment of the Employee Obligations is inadvertently not

honored because of the filing of the Debtors’ bankruptcy cases.  Though the Debtors estimate any

such costs or penalties to be de minimis in amount, if the Debtors are not authorized to pay such

costs or penalties, then their Employees will suffer the exact type of harm that the Wages Motion

seeks to prevent and the Debtors will suffer from loss of employee goodwill.

75. 
The Debtors maintain various compensation and benefits programs and pay various

administrative fees and premiums in connection therewith, an estimate of prepetition obligations

related to the Compensation and Benefits Program and the monetary relief sought in relation is

summarized in the chart in the Wages Motion.

28

=== page 29 ===
Case 25-52415-sms    Doc 18    Filed 03/05/25    Entered 03/05/25 03:14:31    Desc Main

Document      Page 29 of 70

76. 
As of the Petition Date, the Debtors employ approximately 2,800 people (the

“Employees”), of which approximately forty (40) operate out of their restaurant support center

located in Irving, Texas.  Of the Employees, 216 are full-time salaried Employees (“Full-time

Salaried Employees”), 375 are full-time hourly Employees (“Full-time Hourly Employees”, and

together with the Full-time Salaried Employees, “Full-time Employees”), and 2,210 are part-time

hourly Employees (“Part-time Employees”).

77. 
The Debtors employ six (6) independent contractors (the “Independent

Contractors”, and together with the Employees, the “Workforce”) to provide accounting, accounts

payable, tax reporting and other services.  The Independent Contractors are an important

component of the Debtors’ enterprise and operations.

78. 
The Debtors’ businesses are labor intensive and hyper-sensitive to fluctuations in

the labor market.  In particular, the economy has been marked by escalating wage pressures.  The

Debtors’ Workforce includes personnel who are intimately familiar with the Debtors’ business,

processes, and systems, and possess unique skills and experience with the core business segments

of the Debtors.  Many of the Employees have developed relationships with customers and vendors

that are essential to the Debtors’ business.  The Debtors’ Employees perform a wide variety of

functions that are critical to the Debtors’ operations and cannot be replaced easily due to the

shrinking labor market of willing individuals and the cost associated with hiring replacements on

an expedited basis.  During these times of turbulent shifts in the labor market, failure to maintain

the continued, uninterrupted services of their Workforce would materially and adversely impair

the Debtors’ efforts to operate inside a chapter 11 proceeding and jeopardize the value of their

businesses as a going concern.

29

=== page 30 ===
Case 25-52415-sms    Doc 18    Filed 03/05/25    Entered 03/05/25 03:14:31    Desc Main

Document      Page 30 of 70

79. 
As described more fully below, in the ordinary course of business the Debtors have

incurred certain prepetition employee obligations that remain unpaid as of the Petition Date.  Even

though arising prior to the Petition Date, these obligations (collectively, the “Employee

Obligations”) will become due and payable in the ordinary course of the Debtors’ business on and

after the Petition Date.5  These obligations are described as follows:6

(a) 
Wages, Salaries, and Other Compensation.  Wages, salaries, and other 
compensation consist of prepetition wages and salaries owed to the Debtors’ Employees 
(the “Payroll Obligations”).  The Debtors pay the majority of the Employees on a bi-weekly 
basis (“Bi-weekly Payroll”) with a small group of Employees paid on a weekly basis 
(“Weekly Payroll”).  The last Bi-Weekly Payroll was run on March 4, 2025 and the last 
Weekly Payroll was run on March 4, 2025.  The average monthly gross Payroll Obligations 
in 2024 were approximately $4,240,000.  As of the Petition Date, the Debtors estimate that 
they owe approximately $990,000 on account of the Payroll Obligations.7  None of the 
Employees are owed Payroll Obligations as of the Petition Date in an amount exceeding 
the $15,150 priority cap imposed by section 507(a)(4) of the Bankruptcy Code.  The 
Debtors request authority to pay the outstanding prepetition Payroll Obligations due to 
Employees and to continue to pay such obligations in the ordinary course of business.

(b) 
Independent Contractors’ Compensation.  These obligations consist of 
amounts owed as compensation to six (6) Independent Contractors (“Independent 
Contractor Compensation”).  The average monthly gross amount of these obligations is 
approximately $110,000.  As of the Petition Date, the Debtors estimate that they owe 
approximately $62,000 to the Independent Contractors (“Independent Contractor 
Compensation”).  The Debtors request authority to pay the outstanding prepetition 
Independent Contractor Compensation due to Independent Contractors and to continue to 
pay such obligations in the ordinary course of business.

(c) 
Payroll Processing.  The Debtors utilize Paycor, Inc. (“Paycor”) to 
administer payroll and several other employee-related benefits programs.  Paycor provides, 
among other things, the Debtors’ payroll processing system, ensures proper tax and 
benefits withholding and garnishment of wages.  The majority of Employees receive the

5  
No amount proposed to be paid to any individual Employee will exceed the priority unsecured cap of $15,150 set 
forth in 11 U.S.C. §507(a)(4) and (5).

6  
In addition to the benefits described herein, the Debtors maintain a workers’ compensation plan, which is 
discussed in the Debtors’ Emergency Motion for Entry of an Order (I) Authorizing the Debtors to Continue 
Prepetition Insurance and Workers’ Compensation Policies and to Pay Prepetition Premiums and Related 
Obligations; and (II) Granting Related Relief.

7  
This amount excludes prepetition severance obligations (if any).

30

=== page 31 ===
Case 25-52415-sms    Doc 18    Filed 03/05/25    Entered 03/05/25 03:14:31    Desc Main

Document      Page 31 of 70

tips directly at the end of the shift and are responsible for reporting for tax purposes.  At 
three (3) of the Debtors’ locations, the Debtors pay tips at the end of the following business 
day via a digital wallet serviced by Instant Financial (“Instant”).  The Debtors do not incur 
any obligations in connection with the services provided by Instant.  On average, the 
Debtors pay Paycor administration fees of approximately $500,000 (the “Payroll 
Processing Fees”) each year.  As of the Petition Date, the Debtors estimate that they owe 
Paycor approximately $60,000 in Payroll Processing Fees.  The Debtors request authority 
to pay the outstanding prepetition Payroll Processing Fees due to Paycor and to continue 
to pay such obligations in the ordinary course of business.

(d) 
Payroll Taxes.  The Debtors are required by law to withhold from U.S. 
Employees’ paychecks amounts related to, among other things, federal, state, and local 
income taxes and social security and Medicare taxes (the “Payroll Taxes”).  The Payroll 
Taxes include the amounts owed by the Employees that the Debtors withhold from the 
gross amount of the Employees’ wages or salary as well as the amounts separately owed 
by the Debtors.  The Debtors’ average Payroll Taxes for each payroll in 2024 were 
approximately $720,000 in the aggregate.  This includes approximately $270,000 for the 
employer obligation, and approximately $450,000 employee components.  As of the 
Petition Date, the Debtors estimate that they owe approximately $470,000 in employer and 
employee prepetition Payroll Taxes in the aggregate.  This amount is not included in the 
Payroll Obligations described in the paragraph above.  The Debtors request authority to 
pay the outstanding prepetition Payroll Taxes and to continue to pay such obligations in 
the ordinary course of business.

(e) 
Holiday, Vacation and Sick Day Programs.  These obligations consist of 
time off for vacation, illness, company holidays and other forms of paid leave (collectively, 
“Paid Leave”).

(i) 
Sick Days.  Employees receive sick days as required by applicable 
non-bankruptcy law.

(ii) 
Vacation.  Full-time Employees receive paid vacation (“PTO”) 
based on years of service and seniority level.  Full-time Employees receive annual 
PTO as follows: (i) after one (1) year of employment, Full-time Employees receive 
10 days of PTO; (ii) after five (5) years of employment, Full-time Employees 
receive 15 days of PTO; and (iii) after 10 years of employment, Full-time 
Employees receive 20 days of PTO.  On rare occasions, the Debtors negotiate an 
individualized PTO policy with an Employee.  Each pay period Full-time 
Employees accrue a portion of their PTO as set forth above.  Up to 40 hours of PTO 
are eligible for carry over to the next fiscal year.

(iii) 
Other Paid Leave.  The Debtors’ offer certain scheduled or 
calendared holidays throughout the year, Paid Leave under the Family and Medical 
Leave Act and other paid leave for personal reasons, many of which are required 
by law, including statutory sick leave, workers’ compensation leave, missed work

31

=== page 32 ===
Case 25-52415-sms    Doc 18    Filed 03/05/25    Entered 03/05/25 03:14:31    Desc Main

Document      Page 32 of 70

time in the ordinary course of business for bereavement leave, military leave, jury 
or court attendance, and time spent voting.

The Debtors desire to continue to honor their obligations for holidays, sick days 
and PTO on a going forward basis.  As of the Petition Date, the Debtors estimate that their 
Employees have earned or accrued approximately $490,000 in the aggregate of unused 
PTO.  This amount is not included in the total Payroll Obligations described above.  By 
way of the Wages Motion, the Debtors seek authority, but not direction, to pay as they 
come due any “cash out” amounts with respect to earned or accrued but unused PTO only 
when required by applicable non-bankruptcy law, and to continue to administer the Paid 
Leave policies in the ordinary course of business.  The other forms of Paid Leave do not 
involve incremental cash outlays beyond standard payroll obligations.

(f) 
Qualified 401(k) Plan Obligations.  The Debtors maintain a 401(k) plan (the 
“401(k) Plan”) under which eligible Employees can make pre-tax payroll contributions to 
their 401(k) accounts (“401(k) Contributions”) up to the maximum amount permitted by 
the Internal Revenue Code.  The 401(k) Plan is administered by Economic Group Pension 
Services (“EGPS”).  Under the 401(k) Plan, the Debtors match 100% of each participating 
Employee’s contributions for the first 3% of the participating Employee’s salary, and 50% 
of each participating Employee’s contributions for the next 2% of the Employee’s salary 
with such match to not exceed 4% of the 401(k) Contributions in the aggregate 
(the “401(k) Match”, and together with the 401(k) Contributions and any administrative 
and service fees, the “401(k) Obligations”).  Each participating Employee’s 401(k) 
Contributions are deducted automatically from their weekly or bi-weekly paychecks, as 
applicable.

Approximately 200 Employees in total participate in the 401(k) Plan.  On account 
of these participating Employees, the Debtors withhold and remit to EGPS approximately 
$31,000 every two weeks on account of 401(k) Plan Contributions, and the Debtors remit 
to EGPS approximately $15,000 every two weeks on account of 401(k) Matches.

The Debtors also provide a 401(k) loan reimbursement program (“401(k) Loan 
Reimbursement Program”) whereby participating Employees are able to borrow from their 
401(k) account up to a certain amount.  If the loan is not timely repaid then the Employee 
will be required to pay taxes on account of the outstanding balance of the 401(k) loan.  The 
Debtors to do not incur any obligations in connection with the administration of the 401(k) 
Loan Reimbursement Program.

Because the Debtors’ payroll is paid in arrears, as of the Petition Date the Debtors 
estimate that they owe approximately $17,000 in accrued 401(k) Contributions that have 
not yet been remitted to EGPS and owe $8,000 in 401(k) Matches.  As of the Petition Date, 
the Debtors do not believe that any amounts are due and payable to EGPS approximately 
on account of administrative fees in connection with the 401(k) Plan.  However, out of an 
abundance of caution, by the Wages Motion, the Debtors seek authority, not direction, to

32

=== page 33 ===
Case 25-52415-sms    Doc 18    Filed 03/05/25    Entered 03/05/25 03:14:31    Desc Main

Document      Page 33 of 70

pay prepetition 401(k) Obligations in the ordinary course of business on a postpetition 
basis.

(g) 
Expense 
Reimbursement 
and 
Other 
Benefits 
(collectively, 
the 
“Reimbursable Expenses”).

(i) 
General Reimbursement.  The Debtors reimburse eligible 
Employees who incur business expenses in the ordinary course of performing their 
duties on behalf of the Debtors.  These reimbursement obligations include such 
things as mileage reimbursement, meals, travel expenses, relocation expenses and 
office supply reimbursements.  The average monthly amount of these 
reimbursement obligations is approximately $50,000.  As of the Petition Date, the 
Debtors estimate that they owe approximately $25,000 in expense reimbursements.  
This amount is not included in the total Payroll Obligations above.

(ii) 
Car and Cellphone Allowance.  Additionally, (i) certain operators 
receive monthly car allowance payments, and (ii) certain Employees are provided 
cell phone allowance payments.  Each allowance is an annual amount that is divided 
evenly among twenty-six (26) pay cycles.  The Debtors’ payments on the car 
allowances and cell phone allowances, including any related administrative fees, 
total approximately $18,000 with respect to the monthly car allowances and $5,000 
each month with respect to monthly cellphone allowances.

(iii) 
Corporate Credit Cards.  The Debtors provide certain Employees 
with pre-funded corporate credit cards (the “Corporate Credit Cards”), which 
Employees can use to make work-related purchases.  Approximately 160 
Employees have been issued Corporate Credit Cards, each of which was issued to 
such Employees in the Debtors name with Elan Financial Services (“Elan”).  In 
2024, the Debtors funded approximately $1,910,000, in the aggregate, to Elan on 
account of the Corporate Credit Cards.  The Debtors’ pre-fund the Corporate Credit 
Cards and, to the extent insufficient funds exist for any purchase, the purchase will 
be declined.  As a result, the Debtors do not anticipate any outstanding obligations 
under the Corporate Credit Cards as of the Petition Date.  However, out of an 
abundance of caution, the Debtors seek authority, but not direction, to continue the 
Corporate Credit Card program, paying Corporate Credit Card expenses, each in 
the ordinary course of business, and to honor any outstanding obligations related to 
the Corporate Credit Cards, regardless of whether they arose before or after the 
Petition Date.

The Debtors seek authority, but not direction, to continue reimbursing Employees 
for the Reimbursable Expenses, regardless of whether they arose before or after the Petition 
Date.  As of the Petition Date, the Debtors estimate that they owe approximately $48,000 
on account of Reimbursable Expenses.

33

=== page 34 ===
Case 25-52415-sms    Doc 18    Filed 03/05/25    Entered 03/05/25 03:14:31    Desc Main

Document      Page 34 of 70

(h) 
HSA and FSA Accounts.  Eligible Employees of the Debtors are eligible for 
certain tax advantaged accounts through the Debtors.

(i) 
HSA Account.  The Debtors offer eligible Full-time Employees the 
option of contributing a portion of their pre-tax wages into tax-exempt health 
savings accounts (“HSA”) that can be used to pay qualified health care expenses.  
Currently, approximately 100 Employees contribute to the HSAs.  As of the 
Petition Date, the Debtors are unaware of any obligations outstanding in connection 
with the HSA.  The Debtors request the authority to maintain the HSA program in 
the ordinary course of business regardless of whether any qualified expenses were 
incurred before or after the Petition Date.

(ii) 
FSA Accounts.  The Debtors also offer eligible Full-time Employees 
the alternative option of contributing a portion of their pre-tax wages into tax-
exempt Limited Flexible Spending Accounts (“FSA”) that can be used to reimburse 
qualified health care or dependent care expenses.  Currently, approximately 100 
Employees contribute to the FSAs.  The Debtors pay certain fees to Insolved Inc. 
(“Insolved”), for administration of the FSAs.  In 2024, the Debtors paid Insolved 
approximately $6,000 in total administrative fees for the FSAs.  As of the Petition 
Date, the Debtors estimate that they owe approximately $500 on account of 
administrative fees for the FSA program.  The Debtors request the authority to 
maintain the FSA program in the ordinary course of business regardless of whether 
the qualified expenses were incurred before or after the Petition Date.

(i) 
Health and Welfare Benefits.  The Debtors provide several health and 
welfare benefit plans for their Employees, including insurance plans relating to medical, 
vision, dental, disability, and life insurance (collectively, the “Employee Health and 
Welfare Benefits”).  The Debtors’ estimated average monthly costs in the aggregate on 
account of the Employee Benefits for 2025 is $870,500, of which approximately $725,500 
is paid by the Debtors.  By way of comparison, the average monthly costs of the plans in 
aggregate were $755,652 in 2024.

(i) 
Medical Plans.  The Debtors maintain and provide two self-insured 
medical care and prescription drug plans for their Full-Time Employees 
(collectively, the “Full-Time Medical Plans”), each through United Healthcare.  
Eligible Employees may enroll in one of two Full-Time Medical Plans offered to 
them immediately upon employment.  The Debtors pay between 60% and 70% of 
the premiums depending on the applicable Full-Time Medical Plans and the balance 
of the premium is deducted from the Employees’ paychecks.  The total cost of the 
Full-Time Medical Plans premiums is approximately $462,000 per month, of which 
approximately $287,000 is paid by the Debtors.  As of the Petition Date, the Debtors 
estimate that they owe approximately $130,000 on account of prepetition premiums 
for the Full-Time Medical Plans.  This amount is not included in Payroll 
Obligations above.

34

=== page 35 ===
Case 25-52415-sms    Doc 18    Filed 03/05/25    Entered 03/05/25 03:14:31    Desc Main

Document      Page 35 of 70

 COBRA.  The Debtors’ healthcare costs include health insurance for

current and former Employees.  There are seven (7) former Employees 
covered under COBRA (covered 18 months from departure).  The 
Debtors do not pay for any expenses (including administrative fees) to 
cover Employees under COBRA.

 Medical Benefit Claims.  The Debtors partially subsidize the Employee

Benefits with Employee-contributions withheld from gross pay.  The 
Debtors pay for all approved medical and other claims (“Medical 
Benefit Claims”) up to $175,000 per Medical Benefit Claim and any 
Medical Benefit Claims in excess of such amount will be covered by 
stop loss coverage provided by Stealth Partners.  The Debtors are unable 
to ascertain with certainty the prepetition amounts due and outstanding 
on account of the Medical Benefits Claims because such claims are 
submitted and processed at varying times.  The average monthly amount 
of all Medical Benefit Claims in 2024 was approximately $433,000 per 
month.  Based on historical trends, the Debtors estimate that as of the 
Petition Date they owe approximately $128,000 on account of 
prepetition Medical Benefit Claims.

In 2024, the Debtors’ average monthly costs in the aggregate on account of 
the Full-Time Medical Plans and COBRA was approximately $740,000.  As of the 
Petition Date, the Debtors owe approximately $200,000 on account of the Full-
Time Medical Plans and COBRA and hold approximately $50,000 in premiums 
collected from Employees but not yet remitted to United Health Care.

(ii) 
Dental Plan.  Eligible Employees are given the opportunity to 
participate in a dental plan administered by Delta Dental (the “Dental Plan”).  The 
Debtors pay between 14% and 20% of the premiums for the Dental Plan and self-
insure claims up to 80% - 90% per claim.  The total cost of the Dental Plan is 
approximately $53,000 per month in the aggregate, of which approximately $5,000 
is paid by the Debtors.  As of the Petition Date, the Debtors estimate that they owe 
approximately $2,000 in the aggregate on account of prepetition premiums and 
claims for the Dental Plan.  This amount is not included in Payroll Obligations 
above.

(iii) 
Basic Life Insurance.  The Debtors provide life insurance to eligible 
salaried and hourly Employees through Lincoln Financial (“Lincoln Financial”) at 
no cost to the Employee, which includes an employee assistance program. Salaried 
Employees receive coverage up to two-times their annual salary and Full-Time 
Hourly employees receive $5,000 in coverage.  The Debtors’ average monthly 
premium is approximately $12,000  As of the Petition Date, the Debtors estimate 
that they owe approximately $6,000 on account of basic life insurance.

35

=== page 36 ===
Case 25-52415-sms    Doc 18    Filed 03/05/25    Entered 03/05/25 03:14:31    Desc Main

Document      Page 36 of 70

(iv) 
Long-Term Disability.  Certain of the Debtors’ Employees are 
eligible to participate in a long-term disability insurance plan that is fully insured 
by the Debtors and administered by Lincoln Financial (“Long-Term Disability 
Insurance Plan”).  On an average annual basis, the total cost of the Long-Term 
Disability Insurance Plan is approximately $5,000 per month, all of which is 
covered by the Debtors.  As of the Petition Date, the Debtors estimate that they owe 
approximately $2,500 on account of amounts in connection with the Long-Term 
Disability Insurance Plan.

(v) 
Salary Continuation.  The Debtors provide a salary continuation 
program for eligible Employees during an approved leave of absence 
(“Salary Continuation Program”).  The approval of salary continuation is 
contingent on an Employee satisfying the requirements under the Family and 
Medical Leave Act.  On an average annual basis, the total cost of the Salary 
Continuation Program is approximately $8,500 per month.  As of the Petition Date, 
the Debtors estimate that they owe approximately $2,200 on account of amounts in 
connection with the Salary Continuation Program.

The following are “pass through” programs for which the Debtors make no 
contributions or payments.  The Debtors withhold the necessary amounts from the 
Employee’s paycheck and remit the amounts to the benefit provider.  Accordingly, 
the Debtors ask for authority to remit amounts collected from the Employees prior to 
the Petition Date but not yet remitted to the carrier.

(vi) 
Vision Plan.  Eligible Employees are given the opportunity to 
participate in a vision plan administered by EyeMed Vision Care LLC (the “Vision 
Plan”).  The premiums for the Vision Plan are covered fully by the Employee.  As 
of the Petition Date, in connection with the Vision Plan, the Debtors hold 
approximately $1,900 in premiums collected from Employees but not yet remitted 
to the carrier.  This amount is not included in the total Payroll Obligations above.

(vii) 
Additional Life and AD&D Insurance.  The Debtors permit all 
eligible Employees to purchase supplemental life insurance and AD&D insurance.  
The Debtors collect funds from the Employees and remit to the insurance company, 
but do not provide any reimbursement for this program.  There is no material cost 
to the Debtors for this program.  As of the Petition Date, in connection with the 
AD&D insurance, the Debtors hold approximately $3,900 in premiums collected 
from Employees but not yet remitted to the carrier.  This amount is not included in 
the total Payroll Obligations above.

(viii) MEC Plan and Hospital Indemnity Plan.  The Debtors also provide 
a minimum employment coverage plan (“MEC Plan”) and hospital indemnity plan 
(“Hospital Indemnity Plan”), each through United Healthcare, that eligible Part-
Time Employees can participate in.  The premiums for these MEC Plan and 
Hospital Indemnity Plan are fully paid by the Employee.  The Debtors do not incur

36

=== page 37 ===
Case 25-52415-sms    Doc 18    Filed 03/05/25    Entered 03/05/25 03:14:31    Desc Main

Document      Page 37 of 70

any obligations on account of the MEC Plan and Hospital Indemnity Plan.  As of 
the Petition Date, in connection with the MEC Plan and Hospital Indemnity Plan, 
the Debtors hold approximately $6,600 in premiums collected from Employees but 
not yet remitted to the carrier.  This amount is not included in the total Payroll 
Obligations above.

(ix) 
Supplemental Long-Term Disability Insurance.  Employees are 
provided the opportunity to purchase supplemental long-term disability coverage, 
but such coverage is solely paid for by the Employee.  The Debtors collect funds 
from the Employees and remit the funds to the insurance company, but do not 
provide any reimbursement for the programs.  As of the Petition Date, in connection 
with supplemental long-term disability insurance coverage, the Debtors hold 
approximately $3,800 in supplemental long-term disability insurance premiums 
collected from Employees but not yet remitted to the carrier.  This amount is not 
included in the total Payroll Obligations above.

(j) 
Non-Insider Incentive Programs.  The Debtors have maintained, in the 
ordinary course of business, certain incentive programs to motivate and reward certain of 
their non-insider Employees, preserve Employee morale, and incentivize the Employees to 
hit specific performance metrics (collectively, the “Non-Insider Employee Incentive 
Programs”).  Awards under the Non-Insider Employee Incentive Programs are calculated 
based on specific performance metrics and timelines established pursuant to the applicable 
program and distributed at the discretion of the Company.  As stated above, none of the 
participants that may receive payment under the Non-Insider Employee Incentive 
Programs is an Insider—they are Employees that report directly or indirectly to an 
executive and do not make or participate in making any corporate-level decisions and 
policies.

(i) 
Manager and Area Director Incentive Plan.  Restaurant managers 
(“Managers”) and area directors (“Area Directors”) are eligible to participate in a 
performance incentive plan (“Manager and AD Incentive Plan”).  To be eligible to 
receive payment under the Manager and AD Incentive Plan, an eligible Manager or 
Area Director must (i) be employed at such level by the for at least 50% of the 
applicable period and (ii) must be in good standing and actively employed when 
the bonus is paid.  Awards under the Manager and AD Incentive Plan are generally 
based on the actual performance of the store(s) or regions, as applicable, for which 
an eligible Manager or Area Director is responsible, but remains subject to 
discretion.  In 2024, the Debtors estimate that the average monthly payout was 
approximately $1,700 per eligible Employee under the Manager and AD Incentive 
Plan.  There are no amounts outstanding under the Manager and AD Incentive Plan 
as of the Petition Date.

(ii) 
RSC Incentive Plan.  Employees at the Debtors’ restaurant support 
center (“RSC Employees”) are eligible to participate in an annual performance

37

=== page 38 ===
Case 25-52415-sms    Doc 18    Filed 03/05/25    Entered 03/05/25 03:14:31    Desc Main

Document      Page 38 of 70

incentive plan (“RSC Performance Incentive Plan”).  Awards under the RSC 
Performance Incentive Plan are generally based on (i) the RSC Employee’s annual 
compensation and (ii) the performance of the Debtors’ business.  In 2024, the 
Debtors estimate that the average payout was approximately $3,500 per eligible 
Employee under the RSC Incentive Program.  There are no amounts outstanding 
under the RSC Performance Incentive Plan as of the Petition Date.

(iii) 
Catering Incentive Plan.  Catering sales team members (“Catering 
Sale Team Members”) are eligible to participate in a quarterly and annual 
performance incentive plan (“Catering Incentive Plan”).  To be eligible to receive 
payment under the Catering Incentive Program, an eligible Catering Sale Team 
Member must (i) achieve their personal revenue target and (ii) be in good standing 
and actively employed when the bonus is paid.  Awards under the Catering 
Incentive Plan are generally based on the actual sales collected by the catering team 
for the applicable period.  In 2024, the Debtors estimate that the average payout 
was approximately $18,700 per eligible Employee under the Catering Incentive 
Program.  There are no amounts outstanding under the Catering Incentive Plan as 
of the Petition Date.

The Debtors believe the Non-Insider Employee Incentive Programs are integral to 
the Debtors’ business operations because they align the interests of eligible Employees 
with those of the Debtors by linking payments under the Non-Insider Employee Incentive 
Programs to the overall performance and efficiency of the Debtors’ operations.  Further, 
the Debtors believe that most Employees who are eligible for awards under the Non-Insider 
Employee Incentive Programs view such awards as an integral part of their overall 
compensation and rely on such awards to pay their living expenses and support their 
families.  As of the Petition Date, the Debtors do not believe they owe any amount on 
account of any Non-Insider Employee Incentive Program.  However, by the Wages Motion 
the Debtors request the authority, but not direction, to continue to honor any obligations 
under the Non-Insider Incentive Program in the ordinary course of business.

(k) 
Non-Insider Severance Program.  The Debtors, in the ordinary course of 
business, provide severance for certain Employees on a discretionary basis pursuant to 
certain informal guidelines and applicable law (if any) (the “Non-Insider Severance 
Practice”).  The Debtors’ ability and flexibility to provide severance amounts and other 
benefits, at its discretion, is critical to maintaining positive Employee morale and loyalty.  
Failure to continue the Non-Insider Severance Practice could cause premature Employee 
turnover, which could undermine the Debtors’ ongoing efforts to operate inside a chapter 
11 proceeding.  By the Wages Motion, the Debtors request authority, but not direction, to 
continue the Non-Insider Severance Practice and honor post-petition severance obligations 
in the ordinary course, but only with respect to non-Insider Employees whose employment 
with the Debtors will terminate post-petition.  For clarity, the Debtors are not seeking 
authority to pay severance for employees that were terminated before the Petition Date.

38

=== page 39 ===
Case 25-52415-sms    Doc 18    Filed 03/05/25    Entered 03/05/25 03:14:31    Desc Main

Document      Page 39 of 70

(l) 
Other Employee Programs.  From time to time, the Debtors offer certain 
Employees various benefits at the sole cost of the Employee (“Other Employee 
Programs”).

(i) 
Better Together Foundation.  The Debtors operate an employee 
assistance program whereby Employees can choose to donate money from their 
paycheck into an emergency Employee fund held by non-Debtor affiliate Better 
Together Foundation (d/b/a Do the Right Thing Fund) (a not-for-profit corporation) 
(“Better Together Foundation”).  Employees can either have a specified amount 
deducted from their paycheck, or they can make a one-time donation.  All of the 
money contributed is for the benefit of Employees experiencing hardship.  Eligible 
Employees can apply for a grant if their hardship meets certain criteria.  Grants can 
range from $100 to $3,500, with a lifetime cap per Employee of $3,500.  The 
Debtors require the Employee to provide invoices for expenses arising from the 
hardship and the Debtors pay those invoices directly up to the amount of the grant.  
The Debtors request authority to continue providing this employee assistance 
program through its non-Debtor affiliate, the Better Together Foundation.

(ii) 
Wellness Reimbursement.  The Debtors offer a wellness 
reimbursement program (“Wellness Reimbursement Program”) whereby the 
Debtors reimburse wellness related expenses up to a certain amount for eligible 
Employees.  The Debtors pay the eligible Employees directly and are then 
reimbursed by United Healthcare up to $20,000 annually.  The Debtors are unaware 
of any amounts outstanding as of the Petition Date on account of the Wellness 
Reimbursement Program.

The Debtors are unaware of any amounts due and owing as of the Petition Date in 
connection with the Other Employee Programs.  By way of the Wages Motion, the Debtors 
request authority to pay any pre-petition obligations arising in connection with the Other 
Employee Programs and continue providing such benefit programs in the ordinary course 
of business during these chapter 11 cases.

Debtors’ Emergency Motion for Entry of Interim and Final Orders (I) Authorizing 
(A) the Debtors to Pay Certain Prepetition Claims of Trade Claimants and 
(B) Procedures 
Related 
Thereto 
and 
(II) 
Granting 
Related 
Relief 
(the “Critical Vendors Motion”)

80. 
The Debtors request for (a) the authority, but not direction, to pay certain

prepetition claims of critical vendors (collectively, the “Critical Vendors” whose claims shall be

identified herein collectively as the “Critical Vendor Claims”) in an amount not to exceed

39

=== page 40 ===
Case 25-52415-sms    Doc 18    Filed 03/05/25    Entered 03/05/25 03:14:31    Desc Main

Document      Page 40 of 70

$2,000,000 on an interim basis (the “Interim Critical Vendor Claims Cap”) and $2,661,000 on a

final basis (the “Final Critical Vendor Claims Cap”) and (b) granting related relief.

81. 
Critical Vendors.  In order to operate their businesses, the Debtors depend on select

Critical Vendors who can supply the necessary quality and type of goods and services in a timely

fashion to enable the Debtors to provide top quality services to their customer base.  Any

interruption in the provision of goods or services by the Critical Vendors—however brief—would

disrupt the Debtors’ operations and could cause irreparable harm to the Debtors’ businesses,

goodwill, employees, customer base, and market share.

82. 
The Debtors have thoroughly reviewed their business relationships and identified

the Critical Vendors, the loss of whose particular goods or services would cause immediate and

irreparable harm to the Debtors’ businesses.  The Debtors also reviewed their accounts payable

and prepetition vendor lists to identify the Critical Vendors using the following criteria: (a) which

vendors were sole source or limited source suppliers, without whom the Debtors could not continue

to operate without disruption, (b) the Debtors’ ability to find alternative sources of services and

the potential disruption or lost revenues while a new supplier or service provider was resourced,

(c) which suppliers or vendors would be prohibitively expensive to replace, (d) which suppliers or

vendors would present an unacceptable risk to the Debtors’ operations given the volume of

essential services or products that such suppliers provide and (e) whether a vendor meeting the

foregoing criteria is able or likely to refuse to ship product to or perform services for the Debtors

postpetition if its prepetition balances are not paid, considering, for example, whether the particular

vendor is under a contractual obligation to perform.

40

=== page 41 ===
Case 25-52415-sms    Doc 18    Filed 03/05/25    Entered 03/05/25 03:14:31    Desc Main

Document      Page 41 of 70

83. 
The Debtors use a variety of vendors to provide food, marketing services, source

and provide alcohol and other materials essential to operating the Debtors’ business.  In many

instances, these Critical Vendors are the only vendors able to provide the services and goods

required to meet the Debtors’ operational needs without substantial delay as a result of the Debtors’

historical reliance on these Critical Vendors.  Anticipating this situation, the Debtors, with the

assistance of their advisors, spent significant time prior to the Petition Date reviewing and

analyzing their books and records, open accounts payable systems, and prepetition vendor lists to

identify those vendors and suppliers that are in fact critical to the Debtors’ operations, the loss of

which could materially harm the Debtors’ businesses or impair going-concern viability.  These

Critical Vendors have a detailed understanding of the Debtors’ operations and products.  Even if

it were commercially practicable to replace and retrain new service providers, the efforts expended

to locate and replace the current Critical Vendors and the time required to do so would detract

from the goals of these Chapter 11 Cases, reducing recoveries for the Debtors, their creditors and

all parties in interest.  Any loss of these Critical Vendors during the time following the

commencement of the Chapter 11 Cases will impair the Debtors’ effort to preserve and maximize

the value of their estates.  Accordingly, to preserve the value of the Debtors’ estates as a going

concern through the Debtors’ sale process, the Debtors must have the ability to assuage the

concerns of the Critical Vendors by funding them without interruption.

84. 
If the Critical Vendors are not paid, their resulting unwillingness to continue to

provide products or services even for a short period of time would cause an interruption of the

Debtors’ operations.  Such an interruption would cause the Debtors irreparable harm, which would

jeopardize the Debtors’ restructuring efforts.  Relatedly, paying the Critical Vendors would permit

41

=== page 42 ===
Case 25-52415-sms    Doc 18    Filed 03/05/25    Entered 03/05/25 03:14:31    Desc Main

Document      Page 42 of 70

the Debtors to maintain the value of the businesses and maximize value for the benefit of their

creditors and stakeholders.  Therefore, the Debtors seek authorization to pay Critical Vendor

Claims to ensure the Debtors’ continued receipt of goods and services and favorable credit terms

from the Critical Vendors.

85. 
The Debtors estimate that, as of the Petition Date, the aggregate amount of the

Critical Vendor Claims is approximately $2,661,000 of which $2,000,000 will be due and owing

within twenty-one (21) days after the Petition Date.

Debtors’ Emergency Motion for Entry of an Order (I) Authorizing the Debtors to Pay 
Certain Prepetition Claims Arising Under the Perishable Agricultural Commodities Act 
and (II) Granting Related Relief (the “PACA Motion”)

86. 
The Debtors seek entry of an order, authorizing, but not directing, the Debtors, in

their sole discretion, to pay in the ordinary course of business PACA Claims as such claims come

due in an aggregate amount not to exceed $950,000.  The Debtors believe that a certain portion of

the products they have purchased but not yet paid for may qualify as “perishable agricultural

commodit[ies]” under the Perishable Agricultural Commodities Act of 1930 (as amended,

modified, or supplemented from time to time, “PACA”).  PACA provides various protections to

fresh fruit and vegetable sellers, including the establishment of a statutory constructive trust (the

“PACA Trust”) consisting of a buyer’s entire inventory of food or other derivatives of perishable

agricultural commodities, the products derived therefrom and the proceeds related to any sale of

the commodities or products (collectively, the “PACA Trust Assets”).  See id.  § 499e(c)(2).

Accordingly, payment of PACA Claims at this time will not prejudice or affect the amount

available for distributions to other creditors of the Debtors.  Further, to ensure that the Debtors’

supply of fresh produce continues uninterrupted, it is imperative that the Debtors are authorized to

42

=== page 43 ===
Case 25-52415-sms    Doc 18    Filed 03/05/25    Entered 03/05/25 03:14:31    Desc Main

Document      Page 43 of 70

pay all prepetition and postpetition PACA Claims in the ordinary course of business and consistent

with the Debtors’ historical practices.

87. 
As of the Petition Date, the Debtors estimate that they owe holders of PACA Claims

approximately $950,000, in the aggregate, for goods subject to PACA that were delivered prior to

the Petition Date, and the Debtors expect to be invoiced for substantially all of that amount within

twenty-one (21) days of the Petition Date.

88. 
Any PACA Claimant who accepts payment from the Debtors in satisfaction of its

valid PACA Claim will be deemed to have waived any and all claims of whatever type, kind, or

priority, against the Debtors, their property, their estates, and any PACA Trust Assets for such

PACA Claims, but only the extent that payment has been received by such PACA Claimant on

account of its PACA Claims.

Debtors’ Emergency Motion for Entry of an Order (I) Authorizing Payment of 
Prepetition Claims of Section 503(b)(9) Vendors and (II) Granting Related Relief 
(the “503(b)(9) Motion”)

89. 
The Debtors seek entry of an order (a) authorizing, but not directing, the Debtors

in their sole discretion, to pay in the ordinary course of business the 503(b)(9) Claims of the

503(b)(9) Vendors as such claims come due in an aggregate amount not to exceed $3,220,000,

under the circumstances described more fully below; (b) directing all banks to honor the Debtors’

prepetition checks or electronic transfers for payment for the foregoing, and prohibiting banks

from placing any holds on, or attempting to reverse any automatic transfers on account of the

foregoing; and (c) granting related relief.  As of the Petition Date, the Debtors estimate that the

503(b)(9) Claims total approximately $3,220,000 from approximately 200 different 503(b)(9)

Vendors.

43

=== page 44 ===
Case 25-52415-sms    Doc 18    Filed 03/05/25    Entered 03/05/25 03:14:31    Desc Main

Document      Page 44 of 70

90. 
During the twenty (20) days prior to the Petition Date, the Debtors received Goods

in the ordinary course of its business from certain vendors, suppliers, and distributors.  In the

ordinary course of business, the 503(b)(9) Vendors provide the Debtors with Goods that are

essential to its sustained operations in the short term and during the reorganization period.  If the

503(b)(9) Vendors are not paid in the ordinary course on account of their 503(b)(9) Claims, such

503(b)(9) Vendors may not provide the Debtors with post-petition trade credit and may refuse to

continue providing the Debtors with Goods after the Petition Date.  Because the Debtors rely on

the 503(b)(9) Vendors to deliver Goods necessary to operate, any delay or disruption in the

continuous flow of Goods to the Debtors from the 503(b)(9) Vendors could result in the Debtors’

inability to serve its customers.

91. 
Moreover, certain of the 503(b)(9) Vendors also manage the Debtors’ upstream

supply chain, among other things, by entering into third party agreements with suppliers of discrete

Goods, obtaining Goods from that supplier, warehousing Goods and subsequently apportioning

and delivering them to each of the Debtors’ store locations.  If the management and delivery of

Goods to the Debtors is interrupted or altogether stopped, the Debtors will be unable to operate

their restaurants and would suffer short- and long-term negative economic effects as a result.

92. 
Without ongoing and uninterrupted operation of their businesses, the Debtors

would be immediately and seriously disadvantaged given the highly competitive casual dining

restaurant market segment in which they operate.  Any disruption in the Debtors’ operations may

lead to negative customer perception of the Debtors’ brand and irreparable loss of business.  The

stability and performance of the Debtors’ business depends on, among other things, the Debtors’

ability to retain the 503(b)(9) Vendors and to maintain their reputation, goodwill, and customer

44

=== page 45 ===
Case 25-52415-sms    Doc 18    Filed 03/05/25    Entered 03/05/25 03:14:31    Desc Main

Document      Page 45 of 70

loyalty.  Further, replacing the 503(b)(9) Vendors would, in many instances, be impossible during

the pendency of these chapter 11 cases, and when possible, would result in substantial additional

costs and delays for the Debtors and their estates that could materially harm the Debtors’ going-

concern value.

Debtors’ Emergency Motion for Entry of an Order (I) Authorizing the Debtors to 
Continue Prepetition Insurance and Workers’ Compensation Policies and to Pay 
Prepetition Premiums and Related Obligations and (II) Granting Related Relief 
(the “Insurance Motion”)

93. 
The Debtors request entry of an order, among other things, (a) authorizing them to

maintain their insurance programs, insurance policies, insurance premium financing programs,

workers’ compensation program, surety bond program, and any related agreements, as such

practices, programs, and policies were in effect as of the Petition Date and to pay, in their sole

discretion, prepetition amounts accrued in connection therewith and (b) authorizing applicable

banks and other financial institutions to receive, process, and pay any and all checks and other

transfers related to such claims.

94. 
Insurance Policies.  In connection with the operation of their businesses, the

Debtors maintain various liability, property, professional, and other insurance policies that provide

the Debtors with coverage related to, among other things, general liability, workers’ compensation,

excess liability, umbrella, directors’ and officers’ liability, liquor liability, property liability, crime,

employment practices liability, medical stop-loss and automobile liability coverage (collectively,

and as described more fully below, the “Insurance Policies”) administered by various third-party

insurance carriers (the “Insurance Carriers”).  The Debtors maintain the Insurance Policies to help

manage and limit the various risks associated with operating their businesses, which is essential to

45

=== page 46 ===
Case 25-52415-sms    Doc 18    Filed 03/05/25    Entered 03/05/25 03:14:31    Desc Main

Document      Page 46 of 70

the preservation of the value of the Debtors’ estates.  The Debtors’ Insurance Policies are listed on

Exhibit A of the Insurance Motion.

95. 
Pursuant to the Insurance Policies, the Debtors pay premiums based on fixed rates

and are invoiced directly or indirectly by each Insurance Carrier, certain of which are paid through

Lockton Companies Inc. (the “Insurance Broker”), as well as certain other obligations related

thereto (including broker or advisor fees, taxes, surcharges or other fees associated therewith,

collectively, the “Insurance Premiums”).  The majority of the Debtors’ Insurance Premiums are

financed under the Premium Financing Agreement (as defined below) and are paid on an annual

basis.  The Debtors pay fees (the “Brokerage Fees”) to the Insurance Brokers and historically have

spent approximately $155,000 annually on Brokerage Fees.  As of the Petition Date, the Debtors

estimate that approximately $200,000 of Brokerage Fees will be due and owing.  By the Insurance

Motion, the Debtors seek authority, but not direction, to satisfy all such Brokerage Fees in the

ordinary course of business.

96. 
The Debtors historically have spent approximately $2,050,000 annually on

Insurance Premiums for the Insurance Policies, which premiums are generally financed through

the Premium Financer (as defined below) or, in limited cases, paid directly annually.  The Debtors

believe that, as of the Petition Date, there are no outstanding prepetition Insurance Premiums due

on account of the Insurance Policies.

97. 
Audits.  Certain of the Insurance Policies, including, without limitation, the general

liability, automobile and workers compensation, are subject to premium audits at the end of their

respective term (“Audits”).  These Audits may result in additional prepetition Insurance Premiums

being due and payable by the Debtors during the pendency of these chapter 11 cases (such

46

=== page 47 ===
Case 25-52415-sms    Doc 18    Filed 03/05/25    Entered 03/05/25 03:14:31    Desc Main

Document      Page 47 of 70

additional Insurance Premiums, “Audit Amounts”).  As of the Petition Date, the Debtors do not

owe any amounts on account of Audit Amounts relating to prior extensions of the Insurance

Policies.  However, for the avoidance of doubt, by the Insurance Motion, the Debtors seek

authority, but not direction, to satisfy all such Audit Amounts in the ordinary course of business.

98. 
Workers’ Compensation.  Under state law, the Debtors are required to maintain

workers’ compensation Insurance Policies to provide their employees with coverage for claims

arising from or related to their employment with the Debtors.  In the ordinary course of business,

the Debtors maintain workers’ compensation insurance at the level required by statute for each

U.S. state in which the Debtors conduct business (each a “Workers’ Compensation Program,” and

collectively, the “Workers’ Compensation Programs”).  The various Workers’ Compensation

Programs are administered by (i) The Travelers Indemnity Company (“Travelers”), solely with

respect to Workers’ Compensation Claims (as defined below) arising on or prior to June 30, 2023,

(ii) Gallagher Bassett Services Inc. (“Gallagher”), solely with respect to Workers’ Compensation

Claims (other than the Workers’ Compensation Program in the state of Texas) arising on or after

July 1, 2023, and (iii) Method Insurance (“Method”), solely with respect to the Workers’

Compensation Program in the state of Texas.  The Insurance Carriers for the Workers’

Compensation Programs are as follows: (i) Travelers, solely with respect to Workers’

Compensation Claims arising on or prior to June 30, 2023, (ii) Starr Indemnity & Liability

Company (“Starr”), solely with respect to Workers’ Compensation Claims (other than those arising

in the State of Texas) arising on or after July 1, 2023 and (iii) Method, solely with respect to the

Workers’ Compensation Program in Texas.  The Debtors pay all amounts related to Workers’

Compensation Claims up to a fixed deductible in the amount of $150,000 per incident, in addition

47

=== page 48 ===
Case 25-52415-sms    Doc 18    Filed 03/05/25    Entered 03/05/25 03:14:31    Desc Main

Document      Page 48 of 70

to fixed annual premiums of approximately $195,000 (the “Workers’ Compensation Premiums”)

in the aggregate that are financed under the Premium Financing Agreement.

99. 
Workers’ Compensation Administration Fees.  Gallagher, Travelers and Method

either invoice the Debtors monthly or pull payment from the appropriate Loss Funds Account (as

defined below) for the administration fees arising in connection with the Workers’ Compensation

Claims (as defined below) (collectively, the “Workers’ Compensation Administration Fees”).  The

Debtors estimate that they pay approximately $6,000 per month on average as a result of Workers’

Compensation Administration Fees.  As of the Petition Date, the Debtors estimate that

approximately $6,000 in Workers’ Compensation Administration Fees remain outstanding.

100. 
Workers’ Compensation Loss Funds.  In connection with the Workers’

Compensation Programs, the Debtors separately fund three separate loss fund accounts as follows:

(i) a loss fund account controlled by Gallagher that holds approximately $43,000 (“Gallagher Loss

Fund Account”) as of the Petition Date, (ii) a loss fund account controlled by Travelers that holds

approximately $75,000 as of the Petition Date (“Travelers Loss Fund Account”) and (iii) a loss

fund account controlled by Method that holds approximately $10,000 as of the Petition Date (the

“Method Loss Fund Account”, and together with the Gallagher Loss Fund Account and the

Travelers Loss Fund Account, the “Loss Fund Accounts”).  The funds in the Loss Funds Accounts

are used to satisfy claims arising from the applicable Workers’ Compensation Programs and costs

associated therewith (“the “Workers’ Compensation Claims” and, collectively with the Insurance

Premiums, Brokerage Fees, Workers’ Compensation Administration Fees, and other obligations

related thereto, “Insurance Obligations”).  The Debtors estimate that they pay approximately

$20,000 per month on average as a result of Workers’ Compensation Claims.

48

=== page 49 ===
Case 25-52415-sms    Doc 18    Filed 03/05/25    Entered 03/05/25 03:14:31    Desc Main

Document      Page 49 of 70

101. 
As of the Petition Date, the Debtors estimate that there is an aggregate total liability

of approximately $626,800 outstanding in connection with pending Workers’ Compensation

Claims.  However, the pre-petition liability for Workers’ Compensation Claims will not be final

until such amounts are invoiced and paid, so the Debtors seek authority, but not direction, to satisfy

all pre-petition liability with respect to the Workers’ Compensation Claims as it becomes due.  In

addition, the Debtors request authorization to renew, modify or supplement the Workers’

Compensation Programs or execute new workers’ compensation insurance in the ordinary course

of business.  By the Insurance Motion, the Debtors seek authority, but not direction, to satisfy all

pre-petition liability with respect to the Workers’ Compensation Programs as such amounts

become due, including, without limitation, the Workers’ Compensation Administration Fee and

reimbursement of the Loss Fund Accounts.

102. 
Additionally, certain states statutorily require the Debtors to obtain workers’

compensation insurance from the applicable state government on account of the individuals

employed by the Debtors in such state and make de minimis payments on account of claims.  The

Debtors pay workers’ compensation insurance premiums directly to the applicable governmental

entity in Ohio (“State Workers’ Compensation Premiums”) in connection with each such state’s

workers’ compensation scheme.  The Debtors are at times required to make de minimis payments

to third-party administrators and other services in those states in connection with workers’

compensation claims (“State Workers’ Compensation Claim Payments,” together with the State

Workers’ Compensation Premiums, the “State Workers’ Compensation Payments”).  The Debtors

are unaware of any material amounts due and owing as of the Petition Date on account of State

Workers’ Compensation Payments.  However, the Debtors seek authority, but not direction, to

49

=== page 50 ===
Case 25-52415-sms    Doc 18    Filed 03/05/25    Entered 03/05/25 03:14:31    Desc Main

Document      Page 50 of 70

satisfy all pre-petition liability with respect to the State Workers’ Compensation Payments as it

becomes due.

103. 
The Insurance Premium Financing Program.  Because it is not always economically

advantageous for the Debtors to pay the Insurance Premiums on a lump-sum basis, the Debtors

finance the majority of their Insurance Premiums, pursuant to that certain Premium Financing

Agreement – Promissory Note, dated as of December 18, 2024 (the “Premium Financing

Agreement”), by and between OTB Acquisition LLC and AFCO Credit Corporation (the

“Premium Financier”).  The Premium Financing Agreement provides financing for all of the

Debtors’ Insurance Policies except for flood and liquor liability policies (the “Financed Policies”).

104. 
Pursuant to the terms of the Premium Financing Agreement with the Premium

Financier, the Debtors are required to make eleven (11) monthly installments to the Premium

Financier of $192,666.33 each toward the balance of the financing over the term of the Premium

Financing Agreement.  For the Financed Policies, the initial payment of $192,666.33 under the

agreement was made on or around January 1, 2025.  The Debtors have a remaining balance of

$1,733,997 (reflecting nine (9) monthly payments).  The amount financed under the Premium

Financing Agreement accrues interest at an annual fixed rate of 7.48%.

105. 
Pursuant to the Premium Financing Agreement, certain of the Debtors granted the

Premium Financier a security interest in, among other things, any and all unearned premiums and

dividends that may become payable for any reason under the financed Insurance Policies.  If the

Debtors do not satisfy their obligations under the Premium Financing Agreement, the Premium

Financier has the right, subject to the automatic stay, to, among other things, terminate any covered

Insurance Policies.

50

=== page 51 ===
Case 25-52415-sms    Doc 18    Filed 03/05/25    Entered 03/05/25 03:14:31    Desc Main

Document      Page 51 of 70

106. 
By the Insurance Motion, the Debtors request authority to continue honoring their

obligations to the Premium Financier in the ordinary course of business, including authority to pay

any amounts that may be due and owing or that come due and owing under the Premium Financing

Agreement.  In addition, the Debtors request authorization to renew, modify or supplement the

Premium Financing Agreement or execute new Premium Financing Agreement in the ordinary

course of business.

107. 
Letter of Credit.  The Debtors have approximately $1,090,000 of outstanding letters

of credit (“Letters of Credit”), all issued by 1970 Group, Inc. (“1970 Group”), which the Debtors

posted in favor of certain Insurance Carriers for their Workers’ Compensation Programs and

commercial automobile policy and to secure the outstanding liability pursuant to the Workers’

Compensation Claims and claims arising under the commercial automobile policy.  The Letters of

Credit are not currently cash collateralized.  As of the Petition Date, the Debtors do not believe

there are any payments due and owing on account of the Letters of Credit and the Debtors are not

aware of any pending requests for payment on the Letters of Credit.  The Debtors request authority

to honor the current Letters of Credit and renew, replace, modify, extend, or add to the Letters of

Credit as needed postpetition, including through the issuance of new letters of credit or the posting

of cash collateral.

108. 
Surety Bond Program.  In the ordinary course of business, the Debtors are required

to provide various types of surety bonds (“Surety Bonds”) to secure obligations owed to various

third parties, including municipalities, state and federal governmental units, and public agencies,

relating to their operations (the “Surety Bond Program”).  The various bonds provided by the

Debtors are listed on Exhibit B attached to the Insurance Motion.

51

=== page 52 ===
Case 25-52415-sms    Doc 18    Filed 03/05/25    Entered 03/05/25 03:14:31    Desc Main

Document      Page 52 of 70

109. 
Pursuant to their Surety Bond Program, in the ordinary course of business, the

Debtors are required to provide Surety Bonds to certain third parties (the “Obligees”), including

governmental units and other public agencies, to secure the Debtors’ payment or performance of

certain obligations in connection with license and permits and sales and use taxes.  In particular,

the Debtors are required to purchase Surety Bonds in compliance with applicable state regulations

relating to liquor licenses and permits for operating restaurants.  The Surety Bonds are issued by

certain sureties (each, a “Surety” and collectively, the “Sureties”) including, without limitation,

Travelers Casualty and Surety Company of America.  The Debtors estimate that as of the Petition

Date, the total face principal amount of all Surety Bonds is approximately $158,800, consisting of

six (6) Surety Bonds with an average face amount of approximately $26,500.

110. 
The Debtors maintain the necessary surety bond coverage through various surety

bond policies (the “Surety Policies”), under which the Debtors have certain obligations

(the “Surety Obligations”, and together with the Insurance Obligations, the “Insurance and Surety

Obligations”), including the payment of annual premiums to the Sureties (the “Surety Premiums”).

The Surety Premiums are determined based upon a fixed rate and total of approximately $2,000

per year in the aggregate.  The Debtors remit premium payments when the bonds are issued or

renewed on an annual basis.

111. 
The Debtors believe that no Surety Premiums or amounts on account of other

Surety Obligations are outstanding as of the Petition Date.  Accordingly, by the Insurance Motion,

the Debtors seek authority, but not direction, to pay any such Surety Premiums and any other

Surety Obligations that may become due and owing during these chapter 11 cases in the ordinary

course.

52

=== page 53 ===
Case 25-52415-sms    Doc 18    Filed 03/05/25    Entered 03/05/25 03:14:31    Desc Main

Document      Page 53 of 70

112. 
As a condition to issuing the bonds, certain of the Sureties require that the Debtors

enter into indemnity agreements (collectively, the “Indemnity Agreements”), pursuant to which

the Sureties are indemnified from any loss, cost, or expense that the Sureties may incur on account

of the issuance of any bonds on behalf of the Debtors.  The Debtors seek authority to continue to

honor and make payments on account of such indemnification obligations irrespective of whether

such indemnification obligations arose during or relate to the prepetition period.

Debtors’ Emergency Motion for Entry of Interim and Final Orders (I) Authorizing the 
Debtors to Pay Certain Prepetition Taxes and Related Obligations and (II) Granting 
Related Relief (the “Taxes Motion”)

113. 
In the ordinary course of operating their business, the Debtors incur (a) certain sales,

use, trust fund, property, and other taxes (collectively, the “Taxes”) and (b) various business

license, permit, and other fees (collectively, the “Fees”) payable to various federal, state and local

taxing and regulatory authorities (collectively, the “Taxing Authorities”).

114. 
As of the Petition Date, the Debtors estimate that, collectively, they owe the various

Taxing Authorities approximately $6,130,000 in prepetition Taxes and Fees.  The table in the

Taxes Motion describes the various categories of Taxes and Fees incurred by the Debtors in the

ordinary course of business and includes good faith estimates of such Taxes that have accrued as

of the Petition Date based on the Debtors’ books and records and remain subject to potential audits

and other adjustments.8

8 
As of the Petition Date, the Debtors have also incurred prepetition state and federal payroll land employment-
related Taxes in the ordinary course of business and that such Taxes are owed (but not yet paid), to the Taxing 
Authorities pursuant to the Debtors’ payroll.  The Debtors do not seek authority to collect and pay state and federal 
employee withholding taxes under the Taxes Motion, but rather request such authority as part of the Debtors’ 
Emergency Motion for Entry of an Order (I) Authorizing Payment of Prepetition Wages, Payroll Taxes, Certain 
Employee Benefits, and Related Expenses; (II) Directing Banks to Honor Related Prepetition Transfers; and (III) 
Granting Related Relief filed concurrently herewith.

53

=== page 54 ===
Case 25-52415-sms    Doc 18    Filed 03/05/25    Entered 03/05/25 03:14:31    Desc Main

Document      Page 54 of 70

115. 
Sales and Use Taxes.  The Debtors incur and collect from their customers a variety

of state and local sales taxes, gross receipts taxes and similar obligations in connection with sales

of various products and services in Debtors’ restaurants (the “Sales Taxes”).  The Debtors collect

and remit or otherwise pay the Sales Taxes as needed to the applicable Taxing Authorities.  The

Debtors also incur use taxes on account of purchasing various inventory, raw materials, supplies

or other goods used in the ordinary course of the Debtors’ business (the “Use Taxes,” together

with the Sales Taxes, the “Sales and Use Taxes”).  In 2024, the Debtors paid approximately

$14,300,000 in aggregate on account of Sales and Use Taxes to the applicable Taxing Authorities.

The Debtors estimate that they owe approximately $1,500,000 in accrued and unpaid Sales and

Use Taxes as of the Petition Date, of which $1,260,000 will become due within twenty-one (21)

days following the Petition Date.  Accordingly, the Debtors request authority, but not direction, to

satisfy any amounts owed on account of such Sales and Use Taxes that may become due and owing

in the ordinary course of business during their chapter 11 cases.

116. 
 Franchise Taxes and Income Taxes.  The Debtors pay franchise, net worth and

similar taxes (“Franchise Taxes”) and income taxes (“Income Taxes”, and together with Franchise

Taxes, the “Franchise and Income Taxes”) to various Taxing Authorities to maintain the right to

operate their business in the applicable taxing jurisdiction.  The Debtors estimate that they owe

approximately $250,000 in accrued and unpaid Franchise and Income Taxes as of the Petition Date,

of which $20,000 will become due within twenty-one (21) days following the Petition Date.

Accordingly, the Debtors request authority, but not direction, to satisfy any amounts owed on

account of such Franchise and Income Taxes that may become due and owing in the ordinary

course of business during their chapter 11 cases.

54

=== page 55 ===
Case 25-52415-sms    Doc 18    Filed 03/05/25    Entered 03/05/25 03:14:31    Desc Main

Document      Page 55 of 70

117. 
Real Estate and Property Taxes.  State and local laws in many of the jurisdictions

where the Debtors operate generally grant the applicable Taxing Authorities the power to levy

property taxes against the Debtors’ personal property (collectively, the “Property Taxes”).

Additionally, certain of the Debtors’ leases provide that the Debtors will remit applicable Property

Taxes for the leased property directly to the appropriate Taxing Authorities.  To avoid the

imposition of statutory liens on their personal property, the Debtors typically pay Property Taxes

on property that they own in the ordinary course of business.  The Debtors generally pay Property

Taxes by paying Taxing Authorities through their tax advisor, Ryan LLC, or directly via checks,

electronic funds transfers or ACH.  If the Property Taxes are not paid to the Taxing Authorities,

certain states have historically revoked or otherwise terminated the liquor licenses issued by such

states, resulting in disruption of the Debtors’ business operations.  The Debtors estimate that they

have accrued approximately $4,350,000 in Property Taxes as of the Petition Date, of which

$1,250,000 will become due within twenty-one (21) days following the Petition Date.  Accordingly,

the Debtors request authority, but not direction, to satisfy any amounts owed on account of such

Property Taxes that may become due and owing in the ordinary course of business during their

chapter 11 cases.

118. 
Other Taxes and Fees.  Applicable federal, state, and local laws and regulations

require the Debtors to pay taxes and fees for a wide range of annual reports, import taxes, business

licenses, liquor licenses and permits.  The Debtors also incur certain annual tax reporting, privilege

fees and filing related fees (collectively, the “Other Taxes and Fees”).  The Debtors estimate that

they have accrued approximately $30,000 in the aggregate of Other Taxes and Fees as of the

Petition Date, of which all will become due within twenty-one (21) days following the Petition

55

=== page 56 ===
Case 25-52415-sms    Doc 18    Filed 03/05/25    Entered 03/05/25 03:14:31    Desc Main

Document      Page 56 of 70

Date.  Accordingly, the Debtors request authority, but not direction, to satisfy any amounts owed

on account of such Other Taxes and Fees that may become due and owing in the ordinary course

of business during their chapter 11 cases.

119. 
Audits.  The Debtors are subject to certain ongoing audit investigations of prior

year tax returns and may be subject to further investigations (the “Audits”) during the pendency

of these chapter 11 cases.  These Audits may result in additional prepetition Taxes being assessed

against the Debtors (such additional Taxes, “Audit Amounts”), though the Debtors will use their

best efforts to avoid any such additional liability.  The Debtors seek authority, but not direction, to

satisfy any such Audit Amounts in the ordinary course of business.

Debtors’ Emergency Motion for Entry of Interim and Final Orders (I) Prohibiting 
Utilities From Altering, Refusing, or Discontinuing Service on Account of Prepetition 
Invoices; (II) Deeming Utilities Adequately Assured of Future Performance; 
(III) Establishing Procedures for Determining Adequate Assurance of Payment; and 
(IV) Granting Related Relief (the “Utilities Motion”)

120. 
The Debtors respectfully request the entry of an interim and final order:

(a) prohibiting the Utility Providers from altering, refusing, or discontinuing service on account of

prepetition invoices; (b) deeming utilities adequately assured of future performance;

(c) establishing the Determination Procedures for determining adequate assurance of payment; and

(d) granting related relief.

121. 
Utility services are essential to the Debtors’ ability to sustain their operations while

these chapter 11 cases are pending.  To operate their business and manage their properties, the

Debtors incur utility expenses for natural gas, electricity, water, sewage, waste management, local

and long-distance telecommunications and other similar services (collectively, the “Utility

56

=== page 57 ===
Case 25-52415-sms    Doc 18    Filed 03/05/25    Entered 03/05/25 03:14:31    Desc Main

Document      Page 57 of 70

Services”).  These Utility Services are provided by approximately 150 utility providers (the

“Utility Providers”), with which Debtors may have multiple accounts.

122. 
The Debtors make utility payments in multiple forms: (i) direct payment to certain

applicable Utility Providers; (ii) through Utility Managers (as defined below); or, in some cases,

(iii) through certain of the Debtors’ landlords in connection with the Debtors’ real property lease

payments.  The Debtors spend an aggregate amount of approximately $525,212 each month on

Utility Services from the Utility Providers.

123. 
The Utility Managers.  Primarily to manage the Utility Services at their many

locations, the Debtors contract with certain third-party processors: Cass Information Systems, Inc.

(“Cass”) and certain waste utility managers (the “Waste Managers”, and together with Cass, each

a “Utility Manager” and collectively, the “Utility Managers”).  Cass manages the Debtors’

accounts for the majority of the Utility Providers and Services, including gas, electricity and water.

The Waste Managers manage the Debtors’ accounts for the majority of the Debtors’ waste

management providers.  Together, the Utility Managers manage approximately 150 utility

accounts for the Debtors.  The Utility Managers receive, process, and code the Debtors’ utility

bills in the ordinary course of business to centralize and facilitate timely and accurate payment (the

“Manager Utility Payments”) on behalf of the Debtors as their agent and provide accounting

information to the Debtors with respect to the Utility Services that they manage.  As of the Petition

Date, the Debtors estimate that approximately $250,000 of Manager Utility Payments remain

outstanding and payable.

124. 
As compensation for these services, the Debtors pay the Utility Managers an

average monthly fee of approximately $100,000 in the aggregate in addition to certain additional

57

=== page 58 ===
Case 25-52415-sms    Doc 18    Filed 03/05/25    Entered 03/05/25 03:14:31    Desc Main

Document      Page 58 of 70

fees charged for specific services (all payments collectively, the “Service Fees”, together with the

Utility Payments and Manager Utility Payments, the “Utility Obligations”).  As of the Petition

Date, the Debtors estimate that approximately $100,000 of Service Fees, all of which will become

due within twenty-one (21) days following the Petition Date.  By the Utilities Motion, the Debtors

request authority, but not direction, to pay all prepetition Service Fees in the ordinary course of

business.

125. 
Payment of prepetition Service Fees to the Utility Managers will ensure that the

Utility Managers will continue to provide necessary services to the Company (including ongoing

sourcing of certain utilities on an urgent basis, as needed) and remit the Manager Utility Payments

to the Utility Companies without delay, service interruption, or logistical complication.  Therefore,

it is critical that the Debtors be permitted to honor prepetition Service Fees owed to the Utility

Manager.

126. 
Landlord Utility Companies.  Finally, in certain cases, some Utility Services are

billed directly to the Debtors’ landlords (the “Landlords” and such utility companies, the

“Landlord Utility Companies”) and the associated costs are passed through to the Debtors as part

of the real property lease payments in accordance with the applicable lease agreement.  As it relates

to the Landlord Utility Companies, the Debtors respectfully request that, notwithstanding any

current or future nonpayment, deferral, waiver, or other compromise of rent, the Landlords be

authorized to continue to pay for any and all Utility Services offered through the Landlord Utility

Companies in the ordinary course until the effective date of any rejection of the applicable lease

agreement, if any, pursuant to section 365 of the Bankruptcy Code.

58

=== page 59 ===
Case 25-52415-sms    Doc 18    Filed 03/05/25    Entered 03/05/25 03:14:31    Desc Main

Document      Page 59 of 70

127. 
Additionally, certain third parties, often governmental units or other public

agencies, have required the Debtors to post surety bonds or deposits to secure the Debtors’ payment

or performance of certain obligations.  The obligations secured by these bonds and deposits include

the Debtors’ obligations to pay certain Utility Services.

128. 
Continued and uninterrupted Utility Services is vital to the Debtors’ ability to

sustain their operations during these chapter 11 cases.  Because of the nature of the Debtors’

operations, termination or interruption of the Debtors’ utility service would dramatically impair

the Debtors’ ability to conduct business and would cause considerable inconvenience to the

Debtors’ customers and employees.  If Utility Providers are permitted to terminate or disrupt

service to the Debtors, the Debtors’ primary revenue source would be threatened.

Debtors’ Emergency Motion for Entry of an Order (I) Authorizing the Debtors to Honor 
Prepetition Obligations to Customers and Otherwise Continue Customer Programs in 
the 
Ordinary 
Course 
of 
Business 
and 
(II) Granting 
Related 
Relief 
(the “Customer Programs Motion”)

129. 
The Debtors request entry of an order, (a) authorizing, but not directing, the

Debtors, in their sole discretion, to pay, honor, or otherwise satisfy prepetition obligations to

customers and to otherwise continue prepetition customer practices and programs in the ordinary

course of business; (b) authorizing, but not directing, the Debtors, in their sole discretion, to pay,

honor, or otherwise satisfy prepetition processing costs and fees associated with these practices

and programs; (c) authorizing and directing the Debtors’ banks and financial institutions

(collectively, the “Banks”) to receive, process, honor and pay all checks and electronic payment

requests relating to the foregoing; and (d) granting related relief.  As of the Petition Date, the

Debtors estimate that there are approximately $4,306,200 of outstanding Customer Program

Obligations, which could be exercised in the ordinary course of the Debtors’ restaurant business.

59

=== page 60 ===
Case 25-52415-sms    Doc 18    Filed 03/05/25    Entered 03/05/25 03:14:31    Desc Main

Document      Page 60 of 70

130. 
To attract new customers, and to reward and provide incentives to existing

customers, the Debtors employ, in the ordinary course of business, certain programs, promotions,

and practices described herein.  The Debtors’ ability to continue the Customer Programs and honor

obligations related thereto is necessary to keep the Debtors’ reputation intact, meet competitive

market pressures, ensure customer satisfaction, and ultimately, maximize value for the Debtors’

estates and stakeholders.

131. 
The Customer Programs include: (i) coupons and sales promotions; (ii) a gift card

program; (iii) the Border Reward Program; (iv) the catering program; and (v) Charitable Programs.

132. 
The Coupons and Sales Promotion.  On The Border Mexican Grill & Cantina (“On

The Border”) competes and markets its brand in the casual dining market.  As part of the Debtors’

marketing efforts in the casual dining market segment, the Debtors offer various in-store and online

sales promotions (the “Sales Promotions”).  The Debtors also maintain a coupon redemption

program pursuant to which they distribute coupons in-store, online or in electronic mailings

(collectively, the “Coupons” and together with the Sales Promotions, the “Coupons and Sales

Promotions”).  The Coupons include vouchers distributed pursuant to certain Sales Promotions

and bonus coupons distributed pursuant to certain gift card sales.  To preserve the goodwill of On

The Border’s customer base, the Debtors seek authorization to honor the Coupons issued prior to

the Petition Date and to continue the Coupons and Sales Promotions in a manner consistent with

ordinary business practices.

133. 
Based on prior practice and current utilization of the Coupons and Sales Promotions,

the Debtors estimate that the entire amount of extant prepetition Coupons and Sales Promotions

that the Debtors request to honor in the ordinary course will not exceed $1,900,000.

60

=== page 61 ===
Case 25-52415-sms    Doc 18    Filed 03/05/25    Entered 03/05/25 03:14:31    Desc Main

Document      Page 61 of 70

134. 
The Gift Card Program.  The Debtors maintain programs by which their customers

can purchase gift cards at any On The Border location nationwide, online at

www.ontheborder.com/gift-cards/, or through participating third-party retailers and distributors,

and redeem such gift cards at any On The Border location (the “Gift Card Program”).  In each

instance, customers can purchase prepaid, no-fee gift cards (the “Gift Cards”) in customizable

denominations up to $500 to be used at the Debtors’ restaurants.

135. 
The Debtors are party to a gift card agreement (“Gift Card Agreement”) with

Brinker Services Corp. (“Brinker”) whereby the Debtors partner with Brinker to maintain, sell and

service co-branded Gift Cards with Brinker owned restaurants pursuant to the terms of the Gift

Card Agreement.  In accordance with the Gift Card Agreement, (i) On The Border sells Gift Cards

co-branded with On The Border and the Brinker-owned restaurant chains in the Debtors’

restaurants (the “OTB Gift Cards”) and (ii) Brinker sells co-branded Gift Cards online and through

third-party retailers (e.g., shopping centers, kiosks, grocery stores, and third-party restaurants) (the

“Third-Party Retailers”) (the “Brinker Gift Cards”).  Customers can redeem and use the Brinker

Gift Cards at the Debtors’ restaurants just as they do with the OTB Gift Cards.  The Debtors

maintain a liability for the OTB Gift Cards and pay Brinker service fees on account of servicing

all Gift Cards.  Comparatively, Brinker maintains the liability for the Brinker Gift Cards and

reimburses the Debtors on a monthly basis on account of any Brinker Gift Cards that are redeemed

at one of the Debtors’ restaurants.  As a result, at the end of each month, Brinker reconciles the

outstanding Gift Card liability, including netting out any service fees owed to Brinker by the

Debtors, and satisfies any outstanding liability to the Debtors on account of the Gift Card Program.

61

=== page 62 ===
Case 25-52415-sms    Doc 18    Filed 03/05/25    Entered 03/05/25 03:14:31    Desc Main

Document      Page 62 of 70

136. 
As of the Petition Date, the maximum outstanding potential liability on account of

the OTB Gift Cards is approximately $1,700,000.  Based on the general customer usage in the

casual dining industry, the Debtors believe that any customer claims arising under the Gift Card

Program are likely entitled to priority over other general unsecured claims pursuant to section

507(a)(7) of the Bankruptcy Code, up to $3,350 per individual, because individual customers do

not typically hold gift cards in aggregate amounts exceeding the statutory cap.

137. 
Accordingly, the Debtors seek authority to (i) maintain the Gift Card Program and

to honor all Gift Cards purchased or given away to customers, including any Gift Cards that were

issued prior to the Petition Date and (ii) continue to satisfy the Debtors’ obligations under, and

related to, the Gift Card Agreement.

138. 
Border Rewards Program.  The Debtors administer a two-tier (Silver and Gold)

customer loyalty program, known as the “Border Rewards Program.”  Through the Border

Rewards Program, customers have the ability to determine their tier status based on level of

participation and annual spend at On The Border.  As of the Petition Date, there are approximately

900,000 members in the Border Rewards Program, with approximately 585,000 active members

that hold over 21,000,000 points in the aggregate.  The Border Rewards Program is a strategic way

of incentivizing customer loyalty and repeat visits by providing added value to customers.  The

Debtors utilize the Border Rewards Program in two manners: (i) as a rewards-based loyalty

program designed to drive marginal sales through data-driven offers and (ii) as a brand-owned

channel for efficiently communicating with customers to increase engagement.  As part of the

Border Rewards Program, rewards are loaded into the accounts of members who achieve sufficient

points and spending required to receive them.

62

=== page 63 ===
Case 25-52415-sms    Doc 18    Filed 03/05/25    Entered 03/05/25 03:14:31    Desc Main

Document      Page 63 of 70

139. 
As of the Petition Date, the Debtors estimate that total liabilities for the Border

Rewards Program are $500,000.  Based on historical data, the Debtors estimate that customer

utilization of the Border Rewards Program will convert to an average monthly liability of $41,667.

The Debtors’ continued participation in the Border Rewards Program is both (a) fundamentally

important to the continued operation of On The Border restaurants and (b) a critical means of

maintaining customer loyalty from existing customers and attracting new customers.  Accordingly,

by way of the Customer Programs Motion, the Debtors seek authority to continue the Border

Rewards Program in the ordinary course of business.

140. 
Third Party Food Delivery Service Providers.  The Debtors also engage in a robust

to-go order business through the use of its website (the “Debtor In-Store To-Go Infrastructure”)

and through strategic relationships with popular third-party food delivery service providers,

including Uber Eats, Door Dash, GrubHub and others (collectively, the “Third-Party Food

Delivery Service Providers”).  The Debtors’ online ordering and delivery platform is serviced by

OLO, Inc. (“OLO”).  On average, the Debtors pay OLO approximately $55,000 per month on

account of the services OLO provides.  As of the Petition Date, the Debtors estimate that they owe

approximately $55,000 in fees to OLO.  The Debtors seek authority, but not direction, to satisfy

any prepetition amounts to be paid in the ordinary course in connection with the Debtor In-Store

To-Go Infrastructure.

141. 
Catering Deposits.  The Debtors offer a one-stop, robust catering shop for their

customers (“Catering Program”).  In connection with the Catering Program, the Debtors’ collect

deposits from their Catering customers that may be required to be returned by the Debtors in certain

circumstances.  As of the Petition Date, the Debtors estimate that they are holding approximately

63

=== page 64 ===
Case 25-52415-sms    Doc 18    Filed 03/05/25    Entered 03/05/25 03:14:31    Desc Main

Document      Page 64 of 70

$1,200 in Catering Deposits, some of which may be required to be returned to the customer in

certain situations.  Accordingly, out of an abundance of caution, the Debtors seek authority, but

not direction, to satisfy any Catering Deposits or other expenses related to the Catering Program

in the ordinary course of business.

142. 
Charitable Programs.  From time to time, the Debtors sponsor certain charitable

programs either by facilitating and encouraging customer donations to certain sponsored charities

or by donating a portion of the sales made in connection with a fundraiser (each a “Charitable

Program” and collectively, the “Charitable Programs”).  As of the Petition Date, the Debtors

estimate that total liabilities for the Charitable Programs are $150,000.  Any postpetition

expenditures associated with the Charitable Programs will be (i) consistent with the Debtors’

historic expenditures, (ii) made in the ordinary course of business and (iii) will be part of any

approved budget in connection with the Debtors’ postpetition financing and use of cash collateral.

143. 
The Debtors believe that the positive impact on the communities they serve,

coupled with customer goodwill and increased foot traffic generated by the Charitable Programs,

warrants their continued sponsorship on a postpetition basis, including honoring any related

outstanding obligations that arose prior to the Petition Date.  Customers, employees and partners

who make donations to the Charitable Programs expect the Debtors to honor their representations

regarding the use of such donations or otherwise continue operating such Charitable Programs.

Failing to do so would tarnish the Debtors’ reputation and customer relationships during an already

sensitive, transitional time for the Debtors’ businesses.  Certain donations made under the

Charitable Programs are held in trust by the Debtors on behalf of the charities and consequently

may not be considered property of the Debtors’ estates.

64

=== page 65 ===
Case 25-52415-sms    Doc 18    Filed 03/05/25    Entered 03/05/25 03:14:31    Desc Main

Document      Page 65 of 70

Debtors’ First Omnibus Emergency Motion for Entry of an Order (I) Authorizing 
(A) Rejection of Certain Unexpired Leases of Non-Residential Real Property Effective 
As Of the Petition Date, (B) Abandonment of Any Remaining Personal Property Located 
at the Leased Premises; (II) Fixing a Bar Date for Claims of Counterparties; and 
(III) Granting Related Relief (the “Lease Rejection Motion”)

144. 
The Debtors request entry of an order (a) authorizing and approving the Debtors’

rejection of the leases set forth on Exhibit A  of the Lease Rejection Motion (the “Rejected Leases”)

effective as of the Petition Date; (b) confirming that any personal property of the Debtors,

including, but not limited to, furniture, fixtures, and equipment remaining at each Leased Premises

(“Personal Property”), as of the Petition Date or otherwise within the time agreed upon by and

among the Debtors and the Counterparty (as defined below) of the applicable Leased Premises

(unless extended by agreement among the Debtors and the applicable Counterparty), on the

premises (collectively, the “Leased Premises”) are deemed abandoned by the Debtors pursuant to

section 554 of the Bankruptcy Code without the applicable Counterparty incurring liability to any

person or entity, and upon such abandonment at the time of the rejection of the applicable lease

for the Leased Premises, the applicable Counterparty shall be permitted to use or dispose of such

abandoned Personal Property remaining at such Leased Premises without notice or liability to the

Debtors or any third person or entity; and (c) fixing a bar date for claims, if any, of the

counterparties to each Rejected Lease (the “Counterparties”).

145. 
The Debtors currently operate approximately sixty (60) casual Mexican dining

restaurants located across the United States.  The Debtors do not own any premises on which they

operate their restaurants but rather enter into non-residential property lease agreements with the

respective counterparties.  In the weeks leading up to the Petition Date, the Debtors have

accelerated their lease rationalization process in connection with the Debtors’ broader restructuring

65

=== page 66 ===
Case 25-52415-sms    Doc 18    Filed 03/05/25    Entered 03/05/25 03:14:31    Desc Main

Document      Page 66 of 70

efforts.  The Debtors reviewed their store footprint and identified leases that are likely to continue

to drive losses for the Debtors and should be rejected.  The Debtors’ meticulous, well-considered

lease rejection plan is centered on value maximization.

146. 
Rejected Leases.  The Debtors have concluded that the Rejected Leases are not

necessary for a sale and have determined that continued performance under the Rejected Leases

would constitute an unnecessary drain upon the financial resources of the Debtors’ cash (on

account of February 2025, March 2025 rent, and all subsequent rents, and any related expenses for

the Rejected Leases that would otherwise accrue).  In order to manage their business and assets

responsibly and economically, the Debtors seek to reject the Rejected Leases which are a burden

on the Debtors and their estates.  In 2024, the Company spent approximately $25,315,000 in lease

obligations, over $11,878,000 of which relate to underperforming stores.  The Rejected Leases and

the Personal Property (as defined below) remaining at the Leased Premises have no value or benefit

to the estates and will not be included as part of the assets for sale in these chapter 11 cases.

147. 
Debtors are no longer occupying, nor have use for, the Leased Premises (as defined

below).  The Rejected Leases require the payment of base monthly rent, applicable sales taxes,

and prorated common area and real estate tax expenses associated with each applicable location.

As a result, the Rejected Leases and the Personal Property (as defined below) remaining at the

Leased Premises have no value or benefit to the estates and will not be included as part of the

assets for sale in these chapter 11 cases.

66

=== page 67 ===
Case 25-52415-sms    Doc 18    Filed 03/05/25    Entered 03/05/25 03:14:31    Desc Main

Document      Page 67 of 70

Debtors’ Emergency Motion for Interim and Final Orders (I) Authorizing the Debtors 
to Obtain Senior Secured Superpriority Postposition Financing; (II) Granting (A) Liens 
and Superpriority Administrative Expense Claims and (B) Adequate Protection; 
(III) Authorizing Use of Cash Collateral; (IV) Modifying the Automatic Stay; (V) 
Scheduling a Final Hearing; and (VI) Granting Related Relief (the “DIP Motion”)

148. 
The Debtors seek entry of an order authorizing the Debtors to enter into a senior

secured superpriority delayed multiple-draw term loan facility in the aggregate principal amount

of $14 million (the “DIP Facility”), comprised of: (a) upon entry of the Interim DIP Order, $11.5

million, including $7.5 million of new money DIP Loans (the “Interim Advance”), plus a roll-up

and conversion into DIP Loans of $4 million of the outstanding principal balance under the

Prepetition Secured Note (the “Roll-Up”) and (b) upon entry of a Final DIP Order, an additional

$2.5 million of new money DIP Loans (for a total of $10 million of new money DIP Loans).

149. 
As set forth in more detail in the Declaration of Jonathan Tibus in Support of the

Debtors’ Motion for Interim and Final Orders (I) Authorizing the Debtors to Obtain Senior and

Junior Secured Superpriority Postpetition Financing; (II) Granting (A) Liens and Superpriority

Administrative Expense Claims and (B) Adequate Protection; (III) Authorizing Use of Cash

Collateral; (IV) Modifying the Automatic Stay; (V) Scheduling a Final Hearing; and (VI) Granting

Related Relief (the “Tibus Declaration”), the Debtors believe that entering into the DIP Facility is

the best option available to the Debtors and will maximize the value of the Debtors’ estates by

allowing the Debtors to operate in the ordinary course while pursuing a sale transaction during the

pendency of the Chapter 11 Cases, and therefore is a sound exercise of the Debtors’ business

judgment.

[Remainder of Page Intentionally Blank]

67

=== page 68 ===
Case 25-52415-sms    Doc 18    Filed 03/05/25    Entered 03/05/25 03:14:31    Desc Main

Document      Page 68 of 70

Under penalty of perjury, I declare that the foregoing is true to the best of my knowledge

and belief.

Dated: March 5, 2025  
 
 
 
            /s/ Jonathan Tibus 
 
 
 
Atlanta, Georgia 
 
 
 
 
Jonathan Tibus  
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Chief Restructuring Officer

68

=== page 69 ===
Case 25-52415-sms    Doc 18    Filed 03/05/25    Entered 03/05/25 03:14:31    Desc Main

Document      Page 69 of 70

Exhibit A

Corporate Structure Chart

=== page 70 ===
(US-MD)

OTB Acquisition of

Baltimore County, LLC

OTB Partner Interest, LLC

Kansas LLC (US-KS)

100%

100%

(US-DE)

OTB Acquisition LLC

Mt. Laurel Restaurant

Operations LLC (US-NJ)
OTB Acquisition of

OTB Holding LLC (US-DE)

Border Holdings LLC (US-DE)

Document      Page 70 of 70

(US-MD)

OTB Acquisition of

Howard County LLC

Case 25-52415-sms    Doc 18    Filed 03/05/25    Entered 03/05/25 03:14:31    Desc Main

90%
98%
100%
100%
100%

1

Jersey LLC (US-NJ)

OTB Acquisition of New

Debtor

Legend

Non-Debtor

Borrower Under

Guarantor Under

Credit Agreement

Credit Agreement

The depiction of the non-Debtor entities is

based on the Debtors’ knowledge and

belief as of March 4, 2025.

1

