=== page 1 ===
 
US-DOCS\165780812.71 
IN THE UNITED STATES BANKRUPTCY COURT 
FOR THE SOUTHERN DISTRICT OF TEXAS 
HOUSTON DIVISION 
------------------------------------------------------------ 
In re: 
FAT BRANDS INC., et al., 
 
   Debtors.1 
------------------------------------------------------------ 
x 
: 
: 
: 
: 
: 
: 
: 
x 
Chapter 11 
Case No. 26-90126 (ARP) 
(Joint Administration Requested)  
DECLARATION OF JOHN C. DIDONATO IN SUPPORT OF 
DEBTORS’ CHAPTER 11 PETITIONS AND FIRST DAY RELIEF 
I, John C. DiDonato, pursuant to section 1746 of title 28 of the United States Code, 
hereby declare that the following is true and correct: 
1. 
I am the Chief Restructuring Officer of FAT Brands Inc. (“FAT Brands”), Twin 
Hospitality Group Inc. (“Twin Hospitality”), and their debtor affiliates in the above-captioned 
chapter 11 cases (collectively, the “Debtors”). 
2. 
In addition to being the Debtors’ Chief Restructuring Officer, I am a Managing 
Director and Business Advisory Capability Leader of Huron Consulting Services LLC (“Huron”), 
the proposed financial advisor to the Debtors.  Huron is an operationally focused consulting firm 
that specializes in, among other things, bankruptcy and restructuring consulting, interim 
management, and financial and operational consulting to financially distressed companies.  I have 
more than thirty-five (35) years of experience counseling challenged companies through 
operational turnarounds, capital raising, buy and sell side advisories, merger integrations, and other 
 
1  
A complete list of the Debtors in the Chapter 11 Cases and the last four digits of each Debtor’s taxpayer 
identification number (if applicable) may be obtained on the website of the Debtors’ proposed claims and noticing 
agent at https://omniagentsolutions.com/FatBrands-TwinHospitality.  The Debtors’ mailing address for purposes 
of the Chapter 11 Cases is 9720 Wilshire Blvd., Suite 500, Beverly Hills, CA 90212. 
Case 26-90126   Document 15   Filed in TXSB on 01/27/26   Page 1 of 58

=== page 2 ===
2 
 
financial consulting and bankruptcy assignments in both out-of-court and in-court situations.  I 
have served more than 250 companies, functioning for many as a chief restructuring officer and 
lead fiduciary.  My expertise encompasses a wide range of industries, including the food and 
beverage, restaurant, retail, logistics, distribution, transformation, automotive supplier, aerospace 
supplier, engineering and construction, metals, and equipment leasing industries. 
3. 
Prior to my appointment as Chief Restructuring Officer on the Petition Date, I led 
the Huron team serving as the financial advisor to the Debtors since October 2025.  In these 
capacities, I have become familiar with the Debtors’ financial affairs and business operations.  In 
addition, I have been responsible for overseeing the Debtors’ preparations for the above-captioned 
chapter 11 cases (the “Chapter 11 Cases”) and related issues, including those related to case 
financing.  I have further familiarized myself with the Debtors’ day-to-day operations, 
organizational structure, and books and records by reviewing key financial documents and 
engaging in discussions with other members of the Debtors’ management team and the Huron 
professionals providing financial advisory services to the Debtors.  Except as otherwise indicated 
herein, the facts set forth in this Declaration are based on my personal knowledge; my review of 
relevant documents; information provided to me by the Debtors’ other officers, directors, and 
restructuring advisors, including professionals at Latham & Watkins LLP (“Latham”) and GLC 
Advisors & Co., LLC (“GLC” and together with Huron and Latham, the “Advisors”) and 
employees working  under my supervision at Huron; and/or my opinion based on experience, 
knowledge, and information concerning the Debtors’ operations and financial condition.  If called 
upon to testify, I would testify to the facts set forth in this Declaration. 
4. 
On January 26, 2026 (the “Petition Date”), the Debtors each filed a voluntary 
petition in the United States Bankruptcy Court for the Southern District of Texas (the “Court”), 
Case 26-90126   Document 15   Filed in TXSB on 01/27/26   Page 2 of 58

=== page 3 ===
3 
 
commencing the Chapter 11 Cases for relief under chapter 11 of title 11 of the United States Code 
(the “Bankruptcy Code”).  The Debtors have filed various motions and applications seeking 
certain “first day” relief (collectively, the “First Day Pleadings”) to minimize any disruption that 
filing the Chapter 11 Cases may have on their operations.  I submit this Declaration to assist the 
Court and parties in interest in understanding the circumstances compelling the commencement of 
the Chapter 11 Cases and in support of the Debtors’ chapter 11 petitions and the First Day 
Pleadings filed contemporaneously herewith. 
PRELIMINARY STATEMENT 
5. 
The Debtors comprise a leading multi-brand restaurant company that includes 
eighteen (18) franchised or wholly owned restaurant brands: (i) Round Table Pizza; (ii) Fatburger; 
(iii) Marble Slab Creamery; (iv) Johnny Rockets; (v) Fazoli’s; (vi) Twin Peaks; (vii) Smokey 
Bones; (viii) Great American Cookies; (ix) Hot Dog on a Stick; (x) Buffalo’s Cafe; (xi) Buffalo’s 
Express; (xii) Hurricane Grill & Wings; (xiii) Pretzelmaker; (xiv) Elevation Burger; (xv) Native 
Grill & Wings; (xvi) Yalla Mediterranean; (xvii) Ponderosa Steakhouse; and (xviii) Bonanza 
Steakhouse.   
6. 
The Debtors’ operations currently include approximately 2,200 locations 
(including both company-owned and franchised locations) open or under construction, making 
them one of the largest restaurant companies in the United States by number of locations.  Such 
significant operations are possible only because of the approximately 7,500 individuals directly 
employed by the Debtors across the country and the approximately 45,000 store-level employees 
who are employed by the Debtors’ franchisees across the world.  
7. 
As described in further detail below, the acquisition of a large part of the Debtors’ 
brands was financed through, and the Debtors’ capital structure is primarily comprised of, fixed-
Case 26-90126   Document 15   Filed in TXSB on 01/27/26   Page 3 of 58

=== page 4 ===
4 
 
rate securitization notes (collectively, the “Securitization Notes”) issued by five separate special-
purpose financing subsidiaries of the Debtors (collectively, the “Securitization Issuers”) in the 
total principal amount of approximately $1.4 billion.  The Securitization Notes issued by four of 
the Securitization Issuers—the GFG Notes, the Royalty Notes, the Fazoli’s Notes, and the Twin 
Notes (each as defined below)—are secured by substantially all of the Debtors’ material revenue-
generating assets, which are held by certain of the direct and indirect subsidiaries of the 
Securitization Issuers for such notes (collectively, the “Securitization Guarantors” and, together 
with the Securitization Issuers, the “Securitization Entities”) and form four separate whole 
business securitization structures (collectively, the “WBS”).  The fifth series of notes, the Resid 
Notes (as defined below), is supported by (a) the future Management Fees (as defined below) 
payable to FAT Brands as manager of the FAT Securitization Entities, as well as any future 
residual amounts that the GFG Issuer, the Royalty Issuer, and the Fazoli’s Issuer are permitted to 
remit to FAT Brands under the applicable Base Indentures (as defined below), and (b) certain 
shares of Class A Common Stock held by FAT Brands in Twin Hospitality at the time of the Twin 
Hospitality public offering, which represents approximately 86% of the outstanding Class A 
Common Stock of Twin Hospitality.2   
8. 
The Securitization Entities under the Twin Notes are parties to a management 
agreement with Twin Hospitality (in such capacity, the “Twin Manager”), and the remainder of 
the Securitization Entities are party to management agreements with FAT Brands (in such 
capacity, the “FAT Manager” and, together with the Twin Manager, the “Managers”).  These 
agreements require that the Managers provide key management services to the Securitization 
 
2  
The shares of Class B Common Stock held by FAT Brands in Twin Hospitality, which hold additional voting 
rights, are not pledged.  
Case 26-90126   Document 15   Filed in TXSB on 01/27/26   Page 4 of 58

=== page 5 ===
5 
 
Entities and the Securitization Entities pay monthly management fees to the Managers 
(the “Management Fees”).   
9. 
Generally, the waterfalls under the Securitization Notes provide that the 
Management Fees are paid ahead of the debt service obligations and, after satisfaction of the debt 
service obligations, any residual amounts may be used to satisfy other operating expenses or 
distributed to the Managers (the “Residual Amounts”).  The Management Fees are paid near the 
top of priority waterfall to provide the Managers with the funds to provide integral centralized 
functions that enable the Securitization Entities and their brands to operate and generate revenue.  
However, while the quantum of such fees should at minimum ensure that the Managers can cover 
the costs of operating the underlying assets of the Securitization Entities, the funds received from 
the Management Fees generally have not covered the actual operating costs of the businesses.   
10. 
Although most of the Debtors’ businesses are adjusted EBITDA-positive due to the 
success and history of their celebrated household brands, the Debtors have experienced a series of 
challenges since the acquisitions in addition to the inadequacy of the Management Fees noted 
above.  In particular, the Debtors’ debt service obligations have become increasingly unsustainable 
due to ratcheting penalties (in the form of penalty interest and penalty amortization payments), 
with the Debtors having paid over $72 million in penalty interest and amortization payments since 
2022.  At the same time, the Debtors were affected by inflationary pressure, significant legal fees 
stemming from various governmental litigations, and industry headwinds.   
11. 
To fund the operations of the Securitization Entities and to fill any liquidity gaps, 
for over three years, the Debtors relied on non-securitization debt, common and preferred equity 
raises, underspent advertising costs, and the sale of additional Securitization Notes that were 
Case 26-90126   Document 15   Filed in TXSB on 01/27/26   Page 5 of 58

=== page 6 ===
6 
 
retained or purchased by the Debtors.3  However, these resources could not sustain the business’s 
operating expenses and mounting debt obligations indefinitely and such resources were ultimately 
exhausted as a result of a confluence of the following factors (which were exacerbated by certain 
challenges the Debtors have faced): 
i. 
First, and as noted, the funds received from the Management Fees—which are 
below market when compared to industry standards—have not covered the actual 
costs of operating the Securitization Entities, resulting in the Managers spending 
more to operate the entities than they receive in Management Fees, and the 
significant penalties on the debt service obligations under the Securitization Notes 
eliminated the ability to fund operations from Residual Amounts.  
 
ii. 
Second, the Debtors have exhausted their ability to incur additional debt.   
 
iii. 
Third, the Securitization Notes retained by the Debtors are no longer a source of 
liquidity because the Trustees (as defined below) under the Securitization Notes 
froze the Debtors’ ability to sell such notes.   
 
12. 
The Debtors tried to find more sustainable solutions to their liquidity issues via the 
debt and equity markets.  But those efforts proved fruitless as well.  In particular, the Debtors’ 
ability to obtain financing through public equity markets was not possible due to the unfavorable 
market for restaurant stocks generally and FAT Brands and Twin Hospitality’s stocks specifically.  
The Debtors have exhausted their options for funding the continued operations of the business. 
13. 
Without alternative sources of financing, the Debtors had no choice but to resort to 
using certain WBS collections to fund their operations rather than depositing such collections into 
certain accounts as required under the Base Indentures.  Such failure, in addition to certain other 
events that are described in greater detail below, resulted in events of default and manager 
termination events under the Securitization Notes, which, absent commencement of these 
Chapter 11 Cases and imposition of the automatic stay, would permit the holders of the 
 
3  
These retained notes are held by FAT Brands outside of the WBS.    
Case 26-90126   Document 15   Filed in TXSB on 01/27/26   Page 6 of 58

=== page 7 ===
7 
 
Securitization Notes (the “Securitization Noteholders”) to direct the Trustees to immediately 
install a back-up manager at the Securitization Entities.  Notably, the Securitization Noteholders 
did not exercise these rights prepetition and no back-up manager has been appointed.   
14. 
Against that backdrop, the Debtors engaged the Advisors to evaluate strategies to 
address their burdensome debt obligations and liquidity issues and considered all available 
strategic alternatives, including both in- and out-of-court transactions, with an eye towards 
maximizing value for the Debtors’ stakeholders.  Starting in summer 2025, the Debtors began 
engaging in discussions with an ad hoc group of the Securitization Noteholders (the “WBS Ad Hoc 
Group”) represented by White & Case LLP and Houlihan Lokey Capital, Inc., to explore potential 
consensual transactions to address the Debtors’ capital structure.  In late 2025, the Debtors also 
began engaging in discussions with certain holders of the Resid Notes that are not part of the WBS 
Ad Hoc Group—the Resid Noteholders (as defined below).  Ultimately, however, the Debtors 
were unable to reach an agreement regarding a potential restructuring with the WBS Ad Hoc Group 
in advance of the Petition Date.   
15. 
Accordingly, the Debtors determined that the commencement of these Chapter 11 
Cases is the best path to achieve a comprehensive and value-maximizing solution for all 
stakeholders, while engaging with the Securitization Noteholders and other key constituents.  To 
this end, the Debtors propose to use cash collateral and future cash receipts pursuant to a four-
week budget to operate the business on an interim basis and preserve going-concern value.  The 
Debtors are entering these Chapter 11 Cases with extremely limited cash on hand and cannot 
continue to operate in chapter 11 without additional liquidity in the form of debtor-in-possession 
financing (whether through the WBS Ad Hoc Group or otherwise).  Therefore, the Debtors are 
seeking to immediately commence mediation with the WBS Ad Hoc Group and other stakeholders, 
Case 26-90126   Document 15   Filed in TXSB on 01/27/26   Page 7 of 58

=== page 8 ===
8 
 
as appropriate, on an expedited timeline to negotiate the path forward and, importantly, secure 
debtor-in-possession financing.  In this respect, the Debtors shared a proposed stipulated mediation 
order (the “Mediation Order”) with the WBS Ad Hoc Group in advance of the chapter 11 filing.  
While the WBS Ad Hoc Group has not yet agreed to the Mediation Order, the Debtors have filed 
the Mediation Order contemporaneously herewith as they are optimistic that the WBS Ad Hoc 
Group will agree that proceeding with a prompt and efficient mediation between the parties will 
maximize value for all stakeholders.   
16. 
Pursuant to the proposed mediation process and throughout the Chapter 11 Cases, 
the Debtors intend to engage proactively and productively with the WBS Ad Hoc Group and other 
stakeholders, as appropriate, to achieve a negotiated restructuring that will maximize value for the 
Debtors and their estates.  In this vein, the Debtors have undertaken significant governance 
measures, including, immediately prior to the commencement of these Chapter 11 Cases, 
appointing me as the Chief Restructuring Officer and Abhimanyu Gupta as Deputy Chief 
Restructuring Officer and forming a special committee of two highly experienced, independent 
directors (the “Special Committee”) to review and evaluate strategic alternatives that may be 
available to the Debtors.  The Debtors believe that these measures will, ultimately, pave the way 
for the Debtors’ businesses to emerge from chapter 11 with a sustainable capital structure, and 
enable the Debtors to continue investing in their brands, serving customers and franchisees, and 
supporting the employment of the Debtors’ approximately 7,500 employees and the 45,000 
individuals employed by the Debtors’ franchisees. 
17. 
This Declaration is organized into four parts.  The first provides an overview of the 
Debtors’ history and business operations.  The second describes the Debtors’ prepetition corporate 
Case 26-90126   Document 15   Filed in TXSB on 01/27/26   Page 8 of 58

=== page 9 ===
9 
 
and capital structure.  The third discusses the circumstances leading to the commencement of the 
Chapter 11 Cases.  The fourth provides a summary of the First Day Pleadings.   
I. 
OVERVIEW OF THE DEBTORS’ HISTORY AND OPERATIONS 
A. 
Corporate History 
18. 
The origin of the Debtors’ restaurant portfolio traces back twenty-plus years when, 
in June of 2003, they acquired Fatburger—an iconic, all-American hamburger restaurant that was 
founded in Los Angeles in 1947.  Following the sustained growth of Fatburger, the Debtors 
acquired Buffalo’s Cafe, a wing-centric brand focused on fresh-never-frozen wings, in December 
2011.  In September 2013, the Debtors formed a fast casual model of Buffalo’s Cafe called 
Buffalo’s Express.   
19. 
In March 2017, the Debtors launched FAT Brands, a Delaware corporation that was 
a wholly-owned subsidiary of Fog Cutter Capital Group, Inc.  Initially, FAT Brands served as a 
holding company for the Fatburger, Buffalo’s Cafe, and Buffalo’s Express brands.  To facilitate 
its continued growth and goal of becoming a multi-brand restaurant franchising company focused 
on developing, marketing, and acquiring predominantly fast casual restaurant concepts, FAT 
Brands completed its initial public offering in October 2017.  FAT Brands is a publicly traded 
company, with its shares listed under the symbol “FAT” on Nasdaq.  
20. 
Since its initial public offering, FAT Brands has continued to grow by acquiring 
numerous globally recognized restaurant brands, including: 
• Ponderosa and Bonanza Steakhouses in October 2017; 
• Hurricane Grill & Wings in June 2018; 
• Yalla Mediterranean in August 2018; 
• Elevation Burger in June 2019; 
• Johnny Rockets in September 2020; 
Case 26-90126   Document 15   Filed in TXSB on 01/27/26   Page 9 of 58

=== page 10 ===
10 
 
• Global Franchise Group (“GFG”) (which includes Round Table Pizza, Hot Dog on a 
Stick, Great American Cookies, Pretzelmaker, and Marble Slab Creamery) in July 
2021; 
• Twin Peaks in October 2021; 
• Native Grill & Wings and Fazoli’s in December 2021; and  
• Smokey Bones in September 2023. 
 
21. 
Through their portfolio of brands, the Debtors provide customers with a wide 
variety of culinary experiences, ranging from pasta to pizza, wings, and burgers.  The Debtors’ 
extensive portfolio enables them to pair complementary restaurants together at the same location 
to capitalize on synergies and fuel growth.  Since 2022, the Debtors have launched locations that 
pair different combinations of Fatburger, Buffalo’s Express, Pretzelmaker, Hot Dog on a Stick, 
and Round Table Pizza.  In addition, FAT Brands has developed multi-brand concepts across its 
four operating silos, including Cookies & Cream (a collaboration between Great American 
Cookies and Marble Slab Creamery) and Cookies & Pretzels (a collaboration between Great 
American Cookies and Pretzelmaker).   
June
2003
December
2011
October
2017
June
2018
August
2018
June
2019
September
2020
July
2021
October
2021
December
2021
September
2023
Fatburger Acquisition
In 2003, Fatburger, an iconic
West Coast burger chain and
the start of FAT Brands’
restaurant portfolio, was
acquired.
Buﬀalo’s Cafe Acquisition
In 2011, Buﬀalo’s Cafe, a wing-
centric brand focused on fresh-
never-frozen wings, was
acquired.
Ponderosa & Bonanza
Steakhouse Acquisition
Shortly after the launch of FAT
Brands, the company went
public which was then followed
by the acquisition of the family-
friendly chains, Ponderosa &
Bonanza Steakhouses.
Hurricane Grill & Wings
Acquisition
Building on its wing portfolio,
the company acquired the
popular FL-centric wing chain,
Hurricane Grill & Wings.
Johnny Rockets Acquisition
FAT Brands saw a strategic
opportunity to purchase iconic
burger chain, Johnny Rockets,
rounding out its burger
portfolio.
Elevation Burger Acquisition
Adding to its better burger
portfolio, the company
acquired Elevation Burger, the
world’s ﬁrst organic burger
chain.
Yalla Mediterranean
Acquisition
FAT Brands made its foray into
Mediterranean cuisine,
acquiring Yalla Mediterranean.
Smokey Bones Acquisition
The Masters of Meat. Smokey
Bones Bar & Fire Grill is a full-
service restaurant chain
delivering great barbecue,
award-winning ribs, perfectly
seared steaks and memorable
moments.
Twin Peaks Acquisition
Leading, high-growth sports bar
chain, Twin Peaks, was
acquired, forming a new
category within FAT Brands, the
polished casual dining sector.
Global Franchise Group
Acquisition
FAT Brands completed its
largest acquisition to date for
$442.5 million, adding Round
Table Pizza, Great American
Cookies, Marble Slab Creamery,
Pretzelmaker and Hot Dog on a
Stick to an already thriving
portfolio.
Native Grill & Wings and
Fazoli’s Acquisitions
Closing 2021 with nearly $1
billion in acquisitions, the
company further strengthened
its foothold in the wing
category with the acquisition of
Native Grill & Wings in addition
to entering the quick-service
Italian category with Fazoli’s.
History of FAT Brands Acquisitions
Case 26-90126   Document 15   Filed in TXSB on 01/27/26   Page 10 of 58

=== page 11 ===
11 
 
22. 
Today, the Debtors have 670 franchise partners with restaurants operating across 
30 countries:  
 
23. 
The Debtors’ brands also have locations in 46 states within the United States, 
Washington D.C., and Puerto Rico:   
 
Guam
Taiwan
Philippines
Indonesia
India
Pakistan
Tunisia
Morocco
Nigeria
Italy
United States
Canada
Mexico
Costa Rica
Puerto Rico
Chile
Brazil
Poland
Norway
Bolivia
Peru
Ecuador
Saudi Arabia
Iraq
Kuwait
UAE
Oman
Bahrain
Qatar
FAT Brands’s InternationalReach
Pittsburgh
Arlington
Scottsdale
Phoenix
Denver
Colorado Springs
Washington, D.C.
Salt Lake City
Albuquerque
Oklahoma
City
Little Rock
Nashville
Memphis
Chicago
Albany
Oxford
Baton Rouge
New Orleans
Mobile
Birmingham
Atlanta
Portland
Seattle
Anchorage
Fairbanks
Las Vegas
Reno
Columbus
Cincinnati
Louisville
Lexington
Los Angeles
Santa Monica
Pasadena
San Diego
Long Beach
San Francisco
Sacramento
Oakland
Chalotte
Wilmington
Tampa
Orlando
Fort Lauderdale
Miami
Springﬁeld
St. Louis
Kansas City
Wichita
Houston
Dallas
Fort Worth
Austin
San Antonia
College Station
U.S. Locations
Boise
Cheyenne
Locations in or outside of
notable cities
Locations within the state
Case 26-90126   Document 15   Filed in TXSB on 01/27/26   Page 11 of 58

=== page 12 ===
12 
 
24. 
Following the acquisition of Smokey Bones, FAT Brands contributed the Smokey 
Bones brand to its subsidiary Twin Hospitality, which also owns the Twin Peaks brand.  On 
January 29, 2025, FAT Brands distributed approximately 5% of fully diluted shares of Class A 
Common Stock of Twin Hospitality to FAT Brands’s common shareholders.  As a result, such 
stock is now publicly traded under the symbol “TWNP” on Nasdaq.  Approximately 95%4 of the 
Class A Common Stock and 100% of Class B Common Stock of Twin Hospitality remains owned 
by FAT Brands. 
B. 
Current Operations  
1. 
Debtors’ Workforce  
25. 
As of the Petition Date, the Debtors have approximately 7,500 employees, over 
1,600 of whom are full-time employees.  Most of these employees—over 5,600—work in the Twin 
Peaks and Smokey Bones restaurants directly owned by Twin Hospitality.  The remainder of these 
employees work directly for FAT Brands in a corporate capacity, at FAT Brands’s factory in 
Atlanta, Georgia, or in the restaurants owned by FAT Brands.  Of the Debtors’ employees, 
approximately 700 are salaried and the remainder are hourly.  The Debtors’ employees are 
essential to the operations of the Debtors’ brands.  Many are quite literally the arms and legs of 
the Debtors, providing food to the Debtors’ valued customers at the Company-Owned Restaurants 
(as defined below).  And others are the corporate employees who provide accounting and finance 
services, business development, marketing and information technology support, product design 
and testing, and logistics and supply chain support to the Company-Owned Restaurants and the 
franchisees.   
 
4  
This percentage excludes certain warrants issued to the Securitization Noteholders to buy Twin Hospitality 
Class A Common Stock.  When such warrants are factored in, FAT Brands owns approximately 93% of the Twin 
Hospitality Class A Common Stock.   
Case 26-90126   Document 15   Filed in TXSB on 01/27/26   Page 12 of 58

=== page 13 ===
13 
 
26. 
Although the majority of the Debtors’ workforce is spread throughout the country, 
many are employed at FAT Brands’s corporate headquarters in Beverly Hills, California or the 
headquarters for the other key brands (Dallas, Texas for Twin Peaks, Plantation, Florida for 
Smokey Bones, and Lexington, Kentucky for Fazoli’s).  The employees directly employed by FAT 
Brands and Twin Hospitality perform a variety of critical functions associated with the Debtors’ 
operations, including, among other things, assisting in the management, marketing, advertising, 
accounting, store development, branding and training of franchisees.5   
27. 
In addition to the Debtors’ direct employees, the workforce of the Debtors’ 
franchisees includes approximately 45,000 individuals who work at over 1,900 franchised 
restaurant locations.  Of these individuals, approximately 12,500 individuals work for Twin Peaks 
and Smokey Bones restaurants and the other 32,500 are spread across the remaining brands. 
2. 
Debtors’ Franchise System 
28. 
The Debtors operate, particularly for the Securitization Entities managed by FAT 
Brands, primarily as a franchisor for the brands owned by the direct and indirect subsidiaries of 
the Securitization Issuers.  They are party to franchise agreements (the “Franchise Agreements”) 
with about 700 franchisees who operate over 1,900 franchisee restaurants across the world.  As 
such, the Debtors generate most of their revenue—approximately $86.3 million in royalties and 
$5.7 million in franchise fees in 2025—by collecting certain franchise fees, royalties, and other 
fees associated with providing certain services to franchised restaurants in accordance with the 
Franchise Agreements.   
 
5  
There are also employees of the Debtors that sit within the Fazoli’s Silo and the Twin Silo, specifically at Smokey 
Bones entities, that perform similar functions. 
Case 26-90126   Document 15   Filed in TXSB on 01/27/26   Page 13 of 58

=== page 14 ===
14 
 
29. 
The Debtors’ franchise system is rooted in a centralized management platform 
through which FAT Brands provides management services to the Securitization Entities, including 
both the FAT Securitization Entities and the Twin Securitization Entities (each as defined below).  
Through this platform, the Debtors select franchisees if they fulfill certain qualifications and 
satisfactorily complete the FAT Brands training program.  The selection process ensures that each 
franchisee meets the high standards of the Debtors’ brands.   
30. 
For any approved franchisees, the Debtors’ management platform supports such 
franchisees by providing robust support services, which generally fall into six categories: 
(i) operations, supply chain, training, and new store opening support, including in the form of real 
estate and construction departments that help franchisees locate and build out new stores; 
(ii) administrative and financial services; (iii) sales and marketing functions, including franchisee 
expansion; (iv) technology support; (v) governance, risk management, and compliance support, 
including legal services and human resources support; and (vi) production and supply services 
through the Atlanta Factory.  The Debtors’ management platform also develops and produces 
innovative marketing initiatives and is run using unified technology and administrative functions, 
resulting in franchisees benefiting from broader technology support, unified legal management of 
intellectual property, payroll processing, and human resources training, and a centralized 
technology system.  Centralized services ensure performance is consistent across restaurant 
locations and enhances purchasing power, strengthens vendor relationships, and streamlines 
product management, creating significant cost advantages for operators.  Under the Franchise 
Agreements, the Debtors charge franchisees an upfront fee, a monthly marketing fee, and 
weekly/monthly royalties for an initial term, with an option to renew.  Franchisees that open 
multiple locations receive certain discounts on the franchise fees.   
Case 26-90126   Document 15   Filed in TXSB on 01/27/26   Page 14 of 58

=== page 15 ===
15 
 
3. 
Company-Owned Restaurants and Manufacturing Facility  
31. 
For certain brands—including Fazoli’s, Hot Dog on a Stick, Fatburger, Smokey 
Bones, and Twin Peaks—the Debtors also directly own and operate certain restaurant locations.  
As of the Petition Date, the Debtors directly own and operate over 150 restaurants (the “Company-
Owned Restaurants”).  The revenue of the Company-Owned Restaurants comes from three major 
categories: (i) food; (ii) bar; and (iii) merchandise.  The Company-Owned Restaurants generated 
approximately $389.4 million of revenue in 2025.   
32. 
The Debtors also own and operate a manufacturing facility in Atlanta, Georgia that 
supplies raw cookie dough to certain of their quick service restaurant brands and dry pretzel mix 
to Pretzelmaker franchisees (the “Atlanta Factory”).  In particular, the Atlanta Factory is the sole 
cookie dough supplier for the Great American Cookies franchise, shipping directly to franchisees 
at over 400 locations.  The Atlanta Factory also produces products that are indirectly distributed 
to Fazoli’s, Johnny Rockets, and Elevation Burger locations.  The Atlanta Factory employs 
fifty (50) individuals, thirteen (13) of whom are salaried and thirty-seven (37) of whom are hourly.   
33. 
In 2025, the Atlanta Factory generated approximately $39.4 million of revenue.  
The 40,000 square foot plant comprising the Atlanta Factory currently operates at approximately 
40% capacity.  Although the Atlanta Factory was negatively impacted by tariffs, demand 
decreases, and strategic relationships, the Debtors are executing a strategy to capitalize on the 
excess capacity at the Atlanta Factory.  This strategy includes expanding the facility’s production 
by offering cookie batter to other brand categories within the Debtors’ portfolio and exploring 
third-party manufacturing contracts.   
34. 
The Debtors also own and operate an in-house brewery for Twin Peaks in Irving, 
Texas (the “Twin Brewery”), through which the Debtors brew all the signature beer sold at Twin 
Case 26-90126   Document 15   Filed in TXSB on 01/27/26   Page 15 of 58

=== page 16 ===
16 
 
Peaks restaurants in Texas.  The Twin Brewery produces approximately 12,000 kegs per year and 
is licensed to brew approximately 20,000 kegs per year.  The Twin Brewery employs three (3) 
employees, two (2) salaried and one (1) hourly.     
II. 
DEBTORS’ PREPETITION CORPORATE AND CAPITAL STRUCTURE  
A. 
Corporate Organization and Governance 
35. 
A detailed chart of the Debtors’ corporate structure is attached hereto as Exhibit A 
(the “Organizational Chart”).  In addition, the following diagram (the “Securitization Diagram”) 
provides a high-level summary of the Debtors’ corporate structure and the WBS.  
 
 
 
 
 
Corporate and Securitization Entity Overview
FAT Brands
Royalty I, LLC
• Brands: 9
• Franchised Units: 502
• Owned Units: 0
• Securitization Debt: $212mm
• Other Obligations: $1mm
FAT Brands
GFG Royalty I, LLC
• Brands: 5 and 1 Factory
• Franchised Units: 1,175
• Owned Units: Factory
• Securitization Debt: $445mm
• Other Obligations: $7mm
FAT Brands Fazoli’s
Native I, LLC
• Brands: 2
• Franchised Units: 143
• Owned Units: 56
• Securitization Debt: $187mm
• Other Obligations: $1mm
Twin Hospitality
I, LLC
• Brands: 2
• Franchised Units: 79
• Owned Units: 66
• Securitization Debt: $412mm
• Other Obligations: $15mm
100%
100%
100%
~95% of Class A
and 100% of Class B
FB Resid
Holdings I, LLC
• No operating assets
• Securitization Debt: $159mm
100%
FAT Brands Inc.
• Publicly traded on the Nasdaq Stock Exchange (Nasdaq: FAT)
• Manager of the Resid, Fazoli’s, GFG, and Royalty securitization
entities
• About 28 Hot Dog on a Stick units and 1 Fat Burger unit; de
minimis other operating assets
• $152mm securitization notes retained and owned
• Debt: $45mm
• Preferred Equity: $204mm ($112mm public, $92mm puttable)
• Other Obligations: $31mm
Twin Hospitality Group Inc.
• Publicly traded on the Nasdaq Stock Exchange
(Nasdaq: TWNP)
• Manager of the Twin securitization entities
• De minimis operating assets
Prepetition securitization management fees
(payable to FAT Brands Inc.)
Prepetition excess / residual cash flow
(payable to FAT Brands Inc.)
100%
Securitization Entities
Pledge of ~86% of TWNP Class A shares
held by FAT Brands Inc.
Corporate Entities
Prepetition Twin securitization
management fees (payable
to Twin Hospitality Group Inc.)
Case 26-90126   Document 15   Filed in TXSB on 01/27/26   Page 16 of 58

=== page 17 ===
17 
 
1. 
Parent Entities  
36. 
As shown in the Organizational Chart and the Securitization Diagram, FAT Brands 
is the ultimate parent of, and owns (directly or indirectly) 100% of, all Debtor entities other than 
Twin Hospitality and Twin Hospitality’s subsidiaries.  Although a portion of the Class A Common 
Stock of Twin Hospitality is publicly traded, FAT Brands maintains a controlling interest in Twin 
Hospitality, holding approximately 95% of the Class A Common Stock of Twin Hospitality and 
100% of the Class B Common Stock of Twin Hospitality.   
37. 
FAT Brands is governed by a Board of Directors (the “FAT Brands Board”).  Prior 
to the appointment of the Special Committee, the FAT Brands Board consisted of thirteen (13) 
directors, seven (7) of whom are independent.  Twin Hospitality is governed by its own Board of 
Directors (the “Twin Board” and, together with the FAT Brands Board, the “Parent Boards”).  
Prior to the appointment of the Special Committee, the Twin Board consisted of four (4) directors, 
three (3) of whom are independent.   
38. 
In connection with (and immediately prior to) commencing the Chapter 11 Cases, 
the Debtors formed the Special Committee, which includes two directors—Patrick Bartels and 
Neal Goldman—sitting at both of the Parent Boards.  The Special Committee is authorized to, 
among other things, review, evaluate, analyze, negotiate, and make recommendations to approve 
or reject any restructuring transactions.  The Debtors also appointed me as Chief Restructuring 
Officer, to report to the Special Committee and the Parent Boards.  With the appointment of the 
Special Committee, the FAT Brands Board has increased to fifteen (15) directors, nine (9) of 
whom are independent, and the Twin Board has increased to six (6) directors, five (5) of whom 
are independent.   
Case 26-90126   Document 15   Filed in TXSB on 01/27/26   Page 17 of 58

=== page 18 ===
18 
 
2. 
Issuers and Securitization Guarantors  
39. 
As further shown in the Organizational Chart and the Securitization Diagram, FAT 
Brands directly owns 100% of all the Securitization Issuers other than Twin Hospitality I, LLC 
(f/k/a FAT Brands Twin Peaks I, LLC) (the “Twin Issuer”), which is 100% directly owned by 
Twin Hospitality.   
40. 
Substantially all of the Debtors’ material operating assets are held by the 
Securitization Guarantors that are the direct and indirect subsidiaries of four of the Securitization 
Issuers—the Twin Issuer, FAT Brands Royalty I, LLC (the “Royalty Issuer”), FAT Brands GFG 
Royalty I, LLC (the “GFG Issuer”), and FAT Brands Fazoli’s Native I, LLC (the “Fazoli’s 
Issuer”).  The Securitization Guarantors guarantee, and substantially all their assets secure, the 
Securitization Notes issued by each of the Securitization Issuers.    
a. 
Securitization Entities  
41. 
All of the Debtors’ brands, except Twin Peaks and Smokey Bones, are held by the 
direct and/or indirect subsidiaries of the Royalty Issuer (collectively, the “Royalty Securitization 
Guarantors” and, together with the Royalty Issuer, the “Royalty Securitization Entities”), the 
direct and/or indirect subsidiaries of the GFG Issuer (collectively, the “GFG Subsidiaries”), and 
the direct and/or indirect subsidiaries of the Fazoli’s Issuer (collectively, the “Fazoli’s 
Subsidiaries”).  
• The Royalty Securitization Entities.  The Royalty Securitization Guarantors—which 
are the guarantors under the Royalty Notes—own the following brands: Bonanza 
Steakhouse, Buffalo’s Cafe, Buffalo’s Express, Elevation Burger, Fatburger, Hurricane 
Grill & Wings, Johnny Rockets, Ponderosa Steakhouse, and Yalla Mediterranean 
(the “Royalty Silo”).  The Royalty Silo includes about 502 franchised locations but zero 
Company-Owned Restaurants within the WBS.6  As such, all employees in the silo are 
employed directly by the franchisees.  Over the last twelve months, the Royalty 
 
6  
There is one Company-Owned Restaurant, a Fatburger location, which does not sit within the WBS. 
Case 26-90126   Document 15   Filed in TXSB on 01/27/26   Page 18 of 58

=== page 19 ===
19 
 
Securitization Entities generated adjusted EBITDA of $8.7 million through December 
2025.   
• The GFG Securitization Entities.  The GFG Subsidiaries—certain of which are the 
guarantors of the GFG Notes (as defined below) (collectively, the “GFG Securitization 
Guarantors” and, together with the GFG Issuer, the “GFG Securitization Entities”)—
own the following brands:  Great American Cookies, Marble Slab Creamery, 
Pretzelmaker, Round Table Pizza, and Hot Dog on a Stick7 (the “GFG Silo”).  The 
GFG Silo includes about 1,175 franchised locations but zero Company-Owned 
Restaurants.  It does, however, include the Atlanta Factory, which is fully operated by 
direct employees and contractors of the Debtors.  Over the last twelve months, the GFG 
Securitization Entities generated adjusted EBITDA of $31.5 million through December 
2025.  Approximately $15.4 million of adjusted EBITDA was generated from the 
Atlanta Factory in 2025.   
• The Fazoli’s Securitization Entities.  The Fazoli’s Subsidiaries—certain of which are 
the guarantors of the Fazoli’s Notes (collectively, the “Fazoli’s Securitization 
Guarantors” and, together with the Fazoli’s Issuer, the “Fazoli’s Securitization 
Entities” and, together with the Royalty Securitization Entities and the GFG 
Securitization Entities, the “FAT Securitization Entities”)—own the Fazoli’s and 
Native Grill & Wings brands (the “Fazoli’s Silo” and, together with the Royalty Silo 
and the GFG Silo, the “FAT Brands Silos”).  The Fazoli’s Silo includes about 143 
franchised locations and 56 Company-Owned Restaurants with over 1,000 employees 
employed directly by the Debtors.  Over the last twelve months, the Fazoli’s 
Securitization Entities generated adjusted EBITDA of negative $0.7 million through 
December 2025.   
42. 
As shown in the Securitization Diagram, a fourth Securitization Issuer sits under 
FAT Brands—FB Resid Holdings I, LLC (the “Resid Issuer”).  Unlike the other Securitization 
Issuers, the Resid Issuer does not have any subsidiaries or operating assets.  As such, no brands or 
employees sit under this entity.  Instead, the Resid Issuer has a pledge of (i) future Management 
Fees payable to the FAT Manager by the FAT Securitization Entities, (ii) any residual cash flow 
amounts that remain at the FAT Securitization Entities after debt service obligations are satisfied 
that are payable to the FAT Manager, and (iii) certain of FAT Brands’s ownership of Twin 
 
7  
The franchising entity for the Hot Dog on a Stick brand, HDOS Franchising, LLC, is one of the Securitization 
Entities in the GFG Silo.  The intellectual property for the Hot Dog on a Stick brand sits within the GFG Silo.  
However, HDOS Acquisition LLC, which holds the Company-Owned Restaurants under the Hot Dog on a Stick 
brand, sits outside of the WBS.   
Case 26-90126   Document 15   Filed in TXSB on 01/27/26   Page 19 of 58

=== page 20 ===
20 
 
Hospitality’s Class A Common Stock.  The underlying Management Agreements, however, are 
not pledged to support the Resid Notes.   
43. 
The direct and indirect subsidiaries of the Twin Issuer—certain of which are the 
guarantors under the Twin Notes (collectively, the “Twin Securitization Guarantors” and, 
together with the Twin Issuer, the “Twin Securitization Entities”)—own the Twin Peaks and 
Smokey Bones brands (the “Twin Silo”).  Of the restaurants within the Twin Silo, approximately 
50% of the locations are franchised, while the remaining 50% are Company-Owned Restaurants.  
The Twin Silo includes about 79 franchised locations and 66 Company-Owned Restaurants with 
over 5,600 employees employed directly by the Debtors.  Over the last twelve months, the Twin 
Securitization Entities generated adjusted EBITDA of $16.7 million through December 2025.    
 
b. 
Management of the Securitization Entities 
44. 
Pursuant to separate management agreements (the “Management Agreements”), 
(i) the FAT Manager is designated as the manager of the Royalty Securitization Entities, the GFG 
FAT Brands Inc.
•
Employer: Fat Brands, Inc., GFG Management LLC, HDOS Acquisition LLC, FB
Samo Sepulveda LLC.
•
Total Employees: 524
•
Salaried: 176
•
Hourly: 348
•
Contracted: 9
•
Employee Functions
•
Restaurant Employee
•
Business Development
•
Accounting and Financial Services
•
Marketing Support
•
I.T. Support
•
Product Design and Testing
•
Logistics and Supply Chain Support
GFG Silo
•
Debtor Employees: 0
Royalty Silo
•
Debtor Employees: 0
Resid Silo
•
Debtor Employees: 0
Fazoli’s Silo
•
Employer: Fazoli's Joint Venture, LTD,
Fazoli's System Management, LLC,
Fazoli's Franchising Systems, LLC
•
Total Employees: 1,333
•
Salaried: 166
•
Hourly: 1,167
• Contracted: 0
•
Employee Functions
•
Restaurant Employee
•
Company and Franchise Operations
•
Accounting and Payroll Services
•
Marketing Services
•
Employee Training
•
I.T. Support
Twin Silo
Twin Hospitality Group Inc.
Twin Peaks
•
Employer: Twin Restaurant LLC, Twin Restaurant FL Payroll LLC
Smokey Bones
•
Employer: BBQ Integrated, Inc.
~95% ownership
Employee Functions:
•
Restaurant Employee
•
Executive Functions
•
Finance and Accounting
•
Marketing Operations
•
H.R. Services
•
Operational Support
•
Business Development
•
Training Support
•
Total Employees: 3,796
•
Salaried: 228
•
Hourly: 3,568
• Contracted: 2
Employee Functions:
•
Accounting and Finance
Support
•
Operational and
Logistics Support
•
Employee Training
•
Restaurant Employees
•
Marketing Services
•
Total Employees: 1,809
•
Salaried: 138
•
Hourly: 1,671
• Contracted: 2
Case 26-90126   Document 15   Filed in TXSB on 01/27/26   Page 20 of 58

=== page 21 ===
21 
 
Securitization Entities, the Fazoli’s Securitization Entities, and the Resid Issuer, and (ii) the Twin 
Manager is designated as the manager of the Twin Securitization Entities.  Pursuant to the 
Management Agreements and developed practice amongst the Managers and the Securitization 
Entities, the FAT Manager provides critical services to the Securitization Entities, including the 
Twin Securitization Entities.8  These services include certain franchising, marketing, real estate, 
intellectual property, operational, accounting, and reporting services.  The FAT Manager is also 
responsible for collecting franchisee fees received from the franchised restaurants and proceeds 
from the Company-Owned Restaurants within the FAT Brands Silos and, under the Base 
Indentures, remitting collections into the concentration account as shown in the Securitization 
Diagram.   
45. 
The operational know-how for the FAT Brands Silos also rests with the FAT 
Manager.  As such, the Securitization Entities cannot operate in a functional manner without 
support of the FAT Manager and the services it provides.  By way of example, the FAT Manager 
helps the Company-Owned Restaurants and franchisees within the FAT Brands Silos utilize the 
related brand recognition and develop marketing and advertising materials.  The FAT Manager 
also supplies key technology and supply-chain support and manages rebates and vendor payments 
across the FAT Securitization Entities.  The FAT Manager develops and runs the business strategy 
for these restaurants and tracks all unit operations.  Without the FAT Manager, the Company-
Owned Restaurants and the franchisees in the FAT Brands Silos would not have access to the 
Debtors’ curated brand strategy or marketing and advertising materials.  They would lose key 
technology and supply chain support, and they would no longer have a cash management system 
 
8  
The FAT Manager supports the Twin Manager in providing management services to the Twin Securitization 
Entities. 
Case 26-90126   Document 15   Filed in TXSB on 01/27/26   Page 21 of 58

=== page 22 ===
22 
 
or a larger brand-based business plan.  The FAT Manager’s services are, thus, integral to the 
Securitization Entities.   
46. 
These services are funded by the Management Fees totaling approximately 
$1.5 million per month: about $200,000 from the Royalty Securitization Entities, $413,000 from 
the GFG Securitization Entities, $542,000 from the Fazoli’s Securitization Entities, $25,000 from 
the Resid Issuer, and $292,000 from the Twin Securitization Entities.  Over the course of the year, 
the Managers receive about $17 million total in Management Fees.  At the same time, in 2024, 
these services cost the Managers approximately $8 million per month and close to $96 million per 
year. 
47. 
Pursuant to the Management Agreements and the respective Base Indentures, the 
FAT Manager may, from time to time, advance funds to, and on behalf of, the respective 
Securitization Entities (collectively, the “Manager Advances”) in connection with the operation 
of the assets at such entities.  As discussed above, because the funds received from the 
Management Fees have not covered the full operating costs, the FAT Manager has provided 
ongoing financial support to the Securitization Entities that may constitute Manager Advances and 
which, as noted below, would be entitled to repayment ahead of the Securitization Notes and debt 
service under the Base Indentures. 
c. 
Non-Securitization Entities 
48. 
FAT Brands also owns multiple subsidiaries that are not Securitization Entities and 
therefore not part of the WBS (the “Non-Securitization Entities”).  The Non-Securitization 
Entities include, among others, certain entities that own some of the Company-Owned Restaurants 
related to brands in the GFG Silo and the Royalty Silo and that employ certain employees to work 
on matters related to the GFG Securitization Entities.  However, the Non-Securitization Entities 
Case 26-90126   Document 15   Filed in TXSB on 01/27/26   Page 22 of 58

=== page 23 ===
23 
 
hold relatively small amounts of assets, and substantially all the Debtors’ assets are within the 
WBS.   
3. 
Priority Waterfall 
49. 
As described in greater detail in the following section, each of the Securitization 
Notes is governed by a Base Indenture that provides a payment waterfall for the application of 
funds the Securitization Entities receive from the operation of the Company-Owned Restaurants 
and franchised restaurants (collectively, the “Payment Waterfalls”).  Although each Payment 
Waterfall varies slightly, the Payment Waterfalls generally follow this priority order in distributing 
the Retained Collections:  
[Remainder of Page Intentionally Blank] 
Case 26-90126   Document 15   Filed in TXSB on 01/27/26   Page 23 of 58

=== page 24 ===
24 
 
 
50. 
Pursuant to the Base Indentures (as defined below), the collections received by the 
Securitization Issuers are split into collections that are to be paid out and certain excluded amounts.  
The collections to be paid out—i.e., the difference between the total collections and excluded 
amounts over a period—are referred to as the “Retained Collections.”  The Base Indentures 
provide that the Retained Collections get distributed according to the Payment Waterfalls.  
Trustee Fees
Fees, expenses, and indemnities owed to the Trustee and, as applicable, the Control Party”
under and as deﬁned in the applicable Base Indenture (in each case, subject to applicable
caps)
Manager Advances*
Management Fees
Interest and Principal
Interest and principal on Class A-1 Notes, Class A-2 Notes, Class B-2 Notes (as applicable)
Reserve Account Deﬁcit Amount
(As applicable)
Operating Expenses
Operating expenses (subject to a cap, as applicable) for the Securitization Entities and, as
applicable, certain fees, expenses and indemnities owed to the “Control Party” under and
as deﬁned in the applicable Base Indenture
Cash Flow Sweeping Period Payments***
(As applicable)
Supplemental Management Fee
(As applicable)
Excess Trustee Fees and Expenses and Operating
Expenses
Certain Additional Interest
(As applicable)
Residual Amounts
Excess Retained Collections for distribution at the direction of the Securitization Issuers
Interest and Principal
Interest and Principal on Class M-2 Notes (as applicable)
Amortization Upon Certain Events
As applicable, amortization payments on Class A-1 Notes, Class A-2 Notes, and Class B-2
Notes (as applicable) due under certain circumstances
Amortization Upon Certain Events
As applicable, amortization payments on Class M-2 Notes due under certain circumstances
* For the Resid Base Indenture, the
Management Fee is paid later in the
waterfall and there are no
reimbursements for Manager Advance.
** For the Royalty Base Indenture, the
Successor Manager Transition Expenses
are paid after the Manager Advances.
*** For the Resid Base Indenture, there
are not Cash Flow Sweeping Period
Payments, but there are payments in
the case of an Event of Default.
Payment Summary Waterfall Chart
Retained Collections
Successor Manager Transition Expenses**
(As applicable)
Case 26-90126   Document 15   Filed in TXSB on 01/27/26   Page 24 of 58

=== page 25 ===
25 
 
Pursuant to the Base Indentures, the Securitization Issuers are obligated to reimburse the Manager 
Advances, if any, and the Management Fees on a priority basis.  Thereafter, they must pay certain 
operating expenses of the Securitization Entities—such as accrued and unpaid taxes, fees and 
expenses to external accountants and legal counsel, and independent director fees and Management 
Fees—and then quarterly debt service obligations.  Any cash flow in excess of the debt service 
obligations is then remitted at the direction of the applicable Securitization Issuer. 
B. 
Prepetition Capital Structure 
51. 
As of the Petition Date, approximately $1.45 billion of funded debt obligations 
remain outstanding, including the Securitization Notes retained by the Debtors and non-WBS debt.  
A summary of the approximate outstanding principal amounts of the Debtors’ funded debt 
obligations as of the Petition Date is set forth below.9 
Instrument 
Approx. Principal Amount 
Outstanding on the Petition 
Date (Millions) 
Collateral 
Royalty Notes 
Class A-2 Notes 
$134 
Substantially all assets of the 
Royalty Securitization 
Guarantors 
Class B-2 Notes 
$45 
Class M-2 Notes 
$22 
Retained M-2 Notes 
$11  
Total Outstanding 
$212 
GFG Notes 
Class A-2 Notes 
$266 
Substantially all assets of the 
GFG Securitization Guarantors 
Class B-2 Notes 
$100 
Class M-2 Notes 
$44  
Retained M-2 Notes 
$35  
Total Outstanding 
$445 
Fazoli’s Notes 
Class A-2 Notes 
$124 
Substantially all assets of the 
Fazoli’s Securitization 
Guarantors 
Class B-2 Notes 
$16 
Class M-2 Notes 
$0 
Retained B-2 Notes 
$8 
 
9  
This summary is for informational purposes only and is qualified in its entirety by the documents memorializing 
the terms of such obligations.   
Case 26-90126   Document 15   Filed in TXSB on 01/27/26   Page 25 of 58

=== page 26 ===
26 
 
Instrument 
Approx. Principal Amount 
Outstanding on the Petition 
Date (Millions) 
Collateral 
Retained M-2 Notes 
$39  
Total Outstanding 
$187 
Resid Notes 
Class A-1 Notes 
$54 
Substantially all assets of the 
Resid Issuer 
Class A-2 Notes 
$56 
Retained A-1 Notes 
$26  
Retained A-2 Notes 
$23  
Total Outstanding 
$159 
Twin Notes 
Class A-1 Notes 
$12 
Substantially all assets of the 
Twin Securitization Guarantors  
Class A-2 Notes 
$266 
Class B-2 Notes 
$57 
Class M-2 Notes 
$68 
Retained M-2 Notes 
$10  
Total Outstanding 
$413 
Non-Securitization Secured Debt 
Twin Peaks Equipment 
Loans 
$4 
Financed equipment 
GFG Percent Promissory 
Notes 
$8.4 
Substantially all assets of FAT 
GFG Notes I, LLC  
Royalty Percent Promissory 
Notes 
$6.2 
Substantially all assets of FAT 
Royalty Notes I, LLC 
Riverside Refi Loan 
$18.75 
Substantially all assets of 
HDOS Acquisition, LLC    
Waterfall Loan 
$10 
7,139,667 shares of stock in 
Twin Hospitality 
Non-Securitization Unsecured Debt 
Elevation Note 
$2 
-- 
 
1. 
Securitization Debt  
52. 
The WBS consists of four series of Securitization Notes: (i) the Royalty Notes; 
(ii) the GFG Notes; (iii) the Fazoli’s Notes; and (iv) the Twin Notes.  The Debtors’ business also 
includes a fifth series of Securitization Notes: the Resid Notes.   
a. 
Royalty Notes 
53. 
On March 6, 2020, the Royalty Issuer entered into that certain Base Indenture (as 
amended, restated, amended and restated, modified, or supplemented prior to the Petition Date, 
Case 26-90126   Document 15   Filed in TXSB on 01/27/26   Page 26 of 58

=== page 27 ===
27 
 
the “Royalty Base Indenture”) with UMB Bank, N.A. as trustee and securities intermediary (in 
such capacity under the Royalty Base Indenture, the “Royalty Trustee”).   
54. 
On April 26, 2021, the Royalty Issuer issued three series of notes under the Royalty 
Base Indenture with each series having a maturity date of April 25, 2051:  (i) $97,104,000 in 
principal amount of Class A-2 senior secured notes with an interest rate of 4.75% 
(the “Series 2021-1 Royalty Class A-2 Notes”); (ii) $32,368,000 in principal amount of Class B-2 
senior subordinated notes with an interest rate of 8.00% (the “Series 2021-1 Royalty Class B-2 
Notes”); and (iii) $15 million in principal amount of Class M-2 subordinated notes with an interest 
rate of 9.00% (the “Series 2021-1 Royalty Class M-2 Notes”). 
55. 
On July 6, 2022, the Royalty Issuer issued three additional series of notes under the 
Royalty Base Indenture with each series having a maturity date of April 25, 2051:  (i) $42,696,000 
in principal amount of Class A-2 senior secured notes with an interest rate of 4.75% (together with 
the Series 2021-1 Royalty Class A-2 Notes, the “Royalty Class A-2 Notes”); (ii) $14,232,000 in 
principal amount of Class B-2 senior subordinated notes with an interest rate of 8.00% (together 
with the Series 2021-1 Royalty Class B-2 Notes, the “Royalty Class B-2 Notes”); and 
(iii) $19,617,000 in principal amount of Class M-2 subordinated notes with an interest rate of 
9.00% (together with the Series 2021-1 Royalty Class M-2 Notes, the “Royalty Class M-2 Notes”).  
The Royalty Class A-2 Notes, the Royalty Class B-2 Notes, and the Royalty Class M-2 Notes are 
collectively referred to as the “Royalty Notes,” and the holders of the Royalty Notes are 
collectively referred to as the “Royalty Noteholders”.10  The Royalty Issuer’s obligations under 
 
10  Of the $76.5 million aggregate principal amount of Royalty Notes, $30.0 million was sold privately during the 
third quarter of 2022, resulting in net proceeds of $27.1 million (net of debt offering costs of $0.6 million and 
original issue discount of $2.3 million).  The remaining $46.5 million in aggregate principal of Royalty Notes 
was sold privately on October 21, 2022, when the Company entered into an Exchange Agreement with the Twin 
Peaks Sellers (as defined below) and redeemed 1,821,831 shares of the FAT Preferred Stock (as defined below) 
at a price of $23.69 per share, plus accrued and unpaid dividends to the date of redemption, in exchange for 
Case 26-90126   Document 15   Filed in TXSB on 01/27/26   Page 27 of 58

=== page 28 ===
28 
 
the Royalty Notes are guaranteed by, and secured by substantially all the assets of, the Royalty 
Securitization Guarantors.11   
56. 
As of the Petition Date, approximately $134 million of the Royalty Class A-2 
Notes, $45 million of the Royalty Class B-2 Notes, and $33 million of the Royalty Class M-2 
Notes remain outstanding (approximately $11 million of which are retained by FAT Brands), 
including outstanding principal and accrued and unpaid interest, fees (including any attorneys’ and 
financial advisors’ fees), costs, expenses, and all other amounts incurred or accrued with respect 
to the foregoing pursuant to, and in accordance with, the Royalty Base Indenture.   
b. 
GFG Notes 
57. 
On July 22, 2021, the GFG Issuer entered into that certain Base Indenture (as 
amended, restated, amended and restated, modified, or supplemented prior to the Petition Date, 
the “GFG Base Indenture”) with UMB Bank, N.A. as trustee and securities intermediary (in such 
capacity under the GFG Base Indenture, the “GFG Trustee”), and issued three series of notes 
under the GFG Base Indenture with each series having a maturity date of July 25, 2051:  
(i) $209 million in principal amount of Class A-2 senior secured notes with an interest rate of 
6.00% (the “Series 2021-1 GFG Class A-2 Notes”); (ii) $84 million in principal amount of 
Class B-2 senior subordinated notes with an interest rate of 7.00% (the “Series 2021-1 GFG 
Class B-2 Notes”); and (iii) $57 million in principal amount of Class M-2 subordinated notes with 
an interest rate of 9.50% (the “Series 2021-1 GFG Class M-2 Notes”).  On that same date, FAT 
Brands and the GFG Trustee entered into a limited guaranty agreement, pursuant to which FAT 
Brands is liable for any loss to the GFG Trustee incurred on behalf of the GFG Noteholders (as 
 
$46.5 million aggregate principal amount of secured debt ($43.2 million net of debt offering costs and original 
issue discount). 
11  The Royalty Securitization Entities are the entities with light blue solid and/or striped boxes on the Organizational 
Chart.   
Case 26-90126   Document 15   Filed in TXSB on 01/27/26   Page 28 of 58

=== page 29 ===
29 
 
defined below) resulting from certain trigger events, including any of the GFG Securitization 
Entities hindering the collection and payment of collateral, causing material diminution in value 
of the collateral or failing to cooperate after an event of default.    
58. 
On December 15, 2022, the GFG Issuer issued three additional series of notes under 
the GFG Base Indenture with each series having a maturity date of July 25, 2051:  (i) $ 67,756,000 
in principal amount of Class A-2 senior secured notes with an interest rate of 6.00% (together with 
the Series 2021-1 GFG Class A-2 Notes, the “GFG Class A-2 Notes”); (ii) $20,261,000 in 
principal amount of Class B-2 senior subordinated notes with an interest rate of 7.00% (together 
with the Series 2021-1 GFG Class B-2 Notes, the “GFG Class B-2 Notes”); and (iii) $25,450,000 
in principal amount of Class M-2 subordinated notes with an interest rate of 9.50% (together with 
the Series 2021-1 GFG Class M-2 Notes, the “GFG Class M-2 Notes”).  The GFG Class A-2 
Notes, the GFG Class B-2 Notes, and the GFG Class M-2 Notes are collectively referred to as 
the “GFG Notes,” and such holders of the GFG Notes are collectively referred to as the “GFG 
Noteholders.”12  The GFG Issuer’s obligations under the GFG Notes are guaranteed by, and 
secured by substantially all the assets of, the GFG Securitization Guarantors.13   
59. 
As of the Petition Date, approximately $266 million of the GFG Class A-2 Notes, 
$100 million of the GFG Class B-2 Notes, and $79 million of the GFG Class M-2 Notes remain 
outstanding (approximately $35 million of which are retained by FAT Brands), including 
 
12  Of the $113.5 million aggregate principal amount of GFG Notes, $25 million was sold privately during the fourth 
quarter of 2022, resulting in net proceeds of $22.3 million (net of debt offering costs of $0.4 million and original 
issue discount of $2.3 million).  The remaining $88.5 million in aggregate principal of GFG Notes was issued to 
FAT Brands, pending sale to third party investors, and has been eliminated in consolidation as of December 25, 
2022.  In January 2023, an additional $40.0 million aggregate principal amount of GFG Notes was sold privately, 
resulting in net proceeds of $34.8 million net of debt offering costs and original issue discount. 
13  The GFG Securitization Entities are the entities with green solid and/or striped boxes on the Organizational Chart.  
With respect to the Atlanta Factory, only the profits from the Atlanta Factory (and not the factory itself) guarantee 
and secure the GFG Notes.   
Case 26-90126   Document 15   Filed in TXSB on 01/27/26   Page 29 of 58

=== page 30 ===
30 
 
outstanding principal and accrued and unpaid interest, fees (including any attorneys’ and financial 
advisors’ fees), costs, expenses, and all other amounts incurred or accrued with respect to the 
foregoing pursuant to, and in accordance with, the GFG Base Indenture. 
c. 
Fazoli’s Notes 
60. 
On December 15, 2021, the Fazoli’s Issuer entered into that certain Base Indenture 
(as amended, restated, amended and restated, modified, or supplemented prior to the Petition Date, 
the “Fazoli’s Base Indenture”) with UMB Bank, N.A. as trustee and securities intermediary (in 
such capacity under the Fazoli’s Base Indenture, the “Fazoli’s Trustee”), and issued three series 
of notes under the Fazoli’s Base Indenture with each series having a maturity date of July 25, 2051: 
(i) $128,760,000 in principal amount of Class A-2 senior secured notes with an interest rate of 
6.00% (the “Fazoli’s Class A-2 Notes”); (ii) $25 million in principal amount of Class B-2 senior 
subordinated secured notes with an interest rate of 7.00% (the “Fazoli’s Class B-2 Notes”); and 
(iii) $40 million in principal amount of Class M-2 subordinated notes with an interest rate of 9.00% 
(the “Fazoli’s Class M-2 Notes” and, together with the Fazoli’s Class A-2 Notes and the Fazoli’s 
Class B-2 Notes, the “Fazoli’s Notes” and, such holders of the Fazoli’s Notes, the “Fazoli’s 
Noteholders”).  On that same date, FAT Brands and the Fazoli’s Trustee entered into a limited 
guaranty agreement, pursuant to which FAT Brands is liable for any loss to the Fazoli’s Trustee 
incurred on behalf of the Fazoli’s Noteholders resulting from certain trigger events, including any 
of the Fazoli’s Securitization Entities hindering the collection and payment of collateral, causing 
any material diminution in value of the collateral or failing to cooperate after an event of default.  
Case 26-90126   Document 15   Filed in TXSB on 01/27/26   Page 30 of 58

=== page 31 ===
31 
 
The Fazoli’s Issuer’s obligations under the Fazoli’s Notes are guaranteed by, and secured by 
substantially all the assets of, the Fazoli’s Securitization Guarantors.14   
61. 
As of the Petition Date, approximately $124 million of the Fazoli’s Class A-2 Notes 
and $24 million of the Fazoli’s Class B-2 Notes remain outstanding (approximately $8 million of 
which are retained by FAT Brands), including outstanding principal and accrued and unpaid 
interest, fees (including any attorneys’ and financial advisors’ fees), costs, expenses, and all other 
amounts incurred or accrued with respect to the foregoing pursuant to, and in accordance with, the 
Fazoli’s Base Indenture.  No Fazoli’s Class M-2 notes remain outstanding other than the 
$39 million of the Fazoli’s Class M-2 Notes retained by FAT Brands.   
d. 
Resid Notes 
62. 
On July 10, 2023, the Resid Issuer entered into that certain Base Indenture (as 
amended, restated, amended and restated, modified, or supplemented prior to the Petition Date, 
the “Resid Base Indenture”) with UMB Bank, N.A. as trustee and securities intermediary (in such 
capacity under the Resid Base Indenture, the “Resid Trustee”).  Pursuant to the Resid Base 
Indenture, the Resid Issuer issued two (2) series of notes with each series having a maturity date 
of July 25, 2027: (i) $75 million in principal amount of Class A-1 senior secured notes with an 
interest rate of 10.00% (the “Resid Class A-1 Notes”); and (ii) $75 million in principal amount of 
Class A-2 senior subordinated secured notes with an interest rate of 10.00% (the “Resid  
Class A-2 Notes” and, together with the Resid Class A-1 Notes, the “Resid Notes,” and the holders 
of the Resid Notes, the “Resid Noteholders”).15 
 
14  The Fazoli’s Securitization Entities are the entities with red solid and/or striped boxes on the Organizational 
Chart.  With respect to the Company-Owned Restaurants within the Fazoli’s Silo, only the profits from the 
restaurants (and not the restaurants themselves) guarantee and secure the Fazoli’s Notes.   
15  Of the $150.0 million aggregate principal amount of Resid Notes, $105.8 million were sold privately, resulting 
in net proceeds of $105.3 million.  A portion of the proceeds was used to purchase $64.6 million of outstanding 
Securitization Notes to be held for re-sale to third party investors.  The remaining $44.2 million in aggregate 
Case 26-90126   Document 15   Filed in TXSB on 01/27/26   Page 31 of 58

=== page 32 ===
32 
 
63. 
The Resid Notes are secured by a security interest in the future Management Fees 
and residual amounts paid to FAT Brands by the other Securitization Entities.  The Resid Notes 
are also secured by 44,638,745 shares of Class A Common Stock of Twin Hospitality 
(the “Pledged Shares”) owned by FAT Brands.  The Pledged Shares represent approximately 86% 
of Class A Common Stock of Twin Hospitality but, given the voting control rights explained 
below, approximately 22.5% of the voting control of Twin Hospitality.  
64. 
As of the Petition Date, approximately $80 million of the Resid Class A-1 Notes 
(approximately $26 million of which is retained by FAT Brands) and $79 million of the Resid 
Class A-2 Notes (approximately $23 million of which is retained by FAT Brands) remain 
outstanding, including outstanding principal and accrued and unpaid interest, fees (including any 
attorneys’ and financial advisors’ fees), costs, expenses, and all other amounts incurred or accrued 
with respect to the foregoing pursuant to, and in accordance with, the Resid Base Indenture.   
e. 
Twin Notes 
65. 
On November 21, 2024, the Twin Issuer entered into that certain Base Indenture 
(as amended, restated, amended and restated, modified, or supplemented prior to the Petition Date, 
the “Twin Base Indenture” and, together with the Royalty Base Indenture, the GFG Base 
Indenture, the Fazoli’s Base Indenture, and the Resid Base Indenture, the “Base Indentures”) with 
UMB Bank, N.A. as trustee and securities intermediary (in such capacity under the Twin Base 
Indenture, the “Twin Trustee” and, together with the Royalty Trustee, the GFG Trustee, the 
Fazoli’s Trustee, and the Resid Trustee, the “Trustees”).  Pursuant to the Twin Base Indenture, the 
Twin Issuer issued four series of notes on November 21, 2024 with each series having a maturity 
date of October 26, 2054:  (i) $12,124,000 in principal amount of Class A-1 super senior secured 
 
principal of notes issued by FB Resid was issued to a wholly-owned subsidiary of FAT Brands, pending sale to 
third-party investors. 
Case 26-90126   Document 15   Filed in TXSB on 01/27/26   Page 32 of 58

=== page 33 ===
33 
 
notes with an interest rate of 9.00% (the “Twin Class A-1 Notes”); (ii) $269,257,000 in principal 
amount of Class A-2 senior secured notes with an interest rate of 9.00% (the “Twin Class A-2 
Notes”); (iii) $57,619,000 in principal amount of Class B-2 senior subordinated notes with an 
interest rate of 10.00% (the “Twin Class B-2 Notes”); and (iv) $77,711,000 in principal amount 
of Class M-2 subordinated notes with an interest rate of 11.00% (the “Twin Class M-2 Notes” and, 
together with the Twin Class A-1 Notes, the Twin Class A-2 Notes, and the Twin Class B-2 Notes, 
the “Twin Notes,” and the holders of the Twin Notes, the “Twin Noteholders”).  On that same 
date, Twin Hospitality and the Twin Trustee entered into a limited guaranty agreement, pursuant 
to which Twin Hospitality is liable for any loss to the Twin Trustee incurred on behalf of the Twin 
Noteholders resulting from certain trigger events, including one of the Twin Securitization Entities 
hindering the collection and payment of collateral, causing any material diminution in value of the 
collateral or failing to cooperate after an event of default.  The Twin Issuer’s obligations under the 
Twin Notes are guaranteed by, and secured by substantially all of the assets of, the Twin 
Securitization Guarantors.16   
66. 
As of the Petition Date, approximately $12 million of the Twin Class A-1 Notes, 
$266 million of the Twin Class A-2 Notes, $57 million of the Twin Class B-2 Notes, and 
$78 million of the Twin Class M-2 Notes remain outstanding (approximately $10 million of which 
are retained by FAT Brands), including outstanding principal and accrued and unpaid interest, fees 
(including any attorneys’ and financial advisors’ fees), costs, expenses, and all other amounts 
incurred or accrued with respect to the foregoing pursuant to, and in accordance with, the Twin 
Base Indenture. 
 
16  The Twin Securitization Entities are the entities with navy blue solid and/or striped boxes on the Organizational 
Chart.  With respect to the Company-Owned Restaurants within the Twin Silo, only the profits from the 
restaurants (and not the restaurants themselves) guarantee and secure the Twin Notes.   
Case 26-90126   Document 15   Filed in TXSB on 01/27/26   Page 33 of 58

=== page 34 ===
34 
 
2. 
Non-Securitization Secured Debt 
a. 
Twin Peaks Equipment Loans 
67. 
Between February 25, 2022 and December 17, 2024, certain Twin Hospitality 
entities—including Twin Restaurant Brandon, LLC, Twin Restaurant Burleson, LLC, Twin 
Restaurant Lakeland, LLC, Twin Restaurant McKinney RE, LLC, Twin Restaurant Terrell RE, 
LLC, TP Franchise Venture I, LLC, Twin Restaurant Investment Company II, LLC, Twin 
Restaurant Investment Company, LLC, Twin Restaurant Lewisville, LLC, Twin Restaurant Live 
Oak, LLC, and Twin Restaurant, LLC (collectively, the “Equipment Borrowers”)—entered into 
a series of equipment financing agreements with Amur Equipment Finance Inc. (each as amended, 
restated, amended and restated, modified, or supplemented prior to the Petition Date, 
an “Equipment Financing Agreement”) for certain equipment loans (the “Equipment Loans”).  
The Equipment Loans had principal amounts ranging from approximately $17,871 to $801,252, a 
per diem (e.g., interest) payment equal to one-thirtieth (1/30) of the highest periodic payment 
amount owed under the applicable Equipment Financing Agreement, and terms ranging from 
forty-eight (48) to seventy-two (72) months.  Each Equipment Financing Agreement is secured by 
certain equipment of the respective Equipment Borrower.   
68. 
As of December 31, 2025, approximately $4 million remains outstanding on the 
Equipment Loans, including outstanding principal and accrued and unpaid interest, fees (including 
any attorneys’ and financial advisors’ fees), costs, expenses, and all other amounts incurred or 
accrued with respect to the foregoing pursuant to, and in accordance with, the Equipment 
Financing Agreements.   
Case 26-90126   Document 15   Filed in TXSB on 01/27/26   Page 34 of 58

=== page 35 ===
35 
 
b. 
Percent Promissory Notes 
69. 
On October 31, 2024, FAT GFG Notes I, LLC (the “Percent Obligor”) entered into 
that certain Promissory Note (the “GFG Percent Promissory Note”) to borrow $1,950,000 (plus 
certain additional draws upon request) from Cadence Group Platform, LLC (the “Percent 
Lender”).  In total, the Percent Obligor has borrowed $8,560,173 from the Percent Lender.  The 
GFG Percent Promissory Note bears interest at 16.90% per annum and matures on July 25, 2026.  
The GFG Percent Promissory Note is secured by approximately $14 million of the retained GFG 
Class M-2 Notes and substantially all of the assets of the Percent Obligor.  The GFG Percent 
Promissory Note is guaranteed by FAT Brands pursuant to that certain limited guaranty agreement 
entered into by FAT Brands for the benefit of the Percent Lender, dated October 31, 2024.   
70. 
On April 23, 2025, FAT Royalty Notes I, LLC (the “Royalty Percent Borrower”) 
entered into that certain Promissory Note to borrow $1,277,538 (plus certain additional draws upon 
request) from the Percent Lender (the “Royalty Percent Promissory Note,” and together with the 
GFG Percent Promissory Note, the “Percent Promissory Notes”).  In total, the Royalty Percent 
Borrower has borrowed $6,230,078 from the Percent Lender.  The Royalty Percent Promissory 
Note bears interest at 17.00% per annum and matures on July 25, 2026.  The Royalty Percent 
Promissory Note is secured by approximately $11 million of retained Royalty Class M-2 Notes 
and substantially all of the assets of the Royalty Percent Borrower.  The Royalty Percent 
Promissory Note is guaranteed by FAT Brands pursuant to that certain limited guaranty agreement 
entered into by FAT Brands for the benefit of the Percent Lender, dated April 23, 2025.   
71. 
As of December 31, 2025, approximately $8.4 million remains outstanding on the 
GFG Percent Promissory Note and approximately $6.2 million remains outstanding on the Royalty 
Percent Promissory Note, including outstanding principal and accrued and unpaid interest, fees 
Case 26-90126   Document 15   Filed in TXSB on 01/27/26   Page 35 of 58

=== page 36 ===
36 
 
(including any attorneys’ and financial advisors’ fees), costs, expenses, and all other amounts 
incurred or accrued with respect to the foregoing pursuant to, and in accordance with, the Percent 
Promissory Notes.   
c. 
Riverside Refi Loan 
72. 
FAT Brands from time to time, executed promissory notes (collectively, 
the “Riverside Notes”) with Gold Cap LLC in the principal amount of approximately $20 million.  
On January 20, 2026, HDOS Acquisition, LLC (the “Riverside Refi Obligor”) and Insight Capital, 
LLC (the “Riverside Refi Lender”) entered into that certain loan agreement dated January 20, 
2026, pursuant to which the Riverside Refi Lender loaned the Riverside Refi Obligor 
$18.75 million (the “Riverside Refi Loan”).  The proceeds from the Riverside Refi Loan were 
used to satisfy the Riverside Notes in full.  The Riverside Refi Loan is secured by substantially all 
of the assets of the Riverside Refi Obligor, including the tangible and intangible assets of twenty-
eight (28) Hot Dog on a Stick Company-Owned Restaurants.  Additionally, on January 20, 2026, 
FAT Brands executed a Security and Hypothecation Agreement, pursuant to which it pledged all 
of its membership interests in the Riverside Refi Obligor.  
73. 
As of the Petition Date, $18.75 million in principal remains outstanding and due to 
the Riverside Refi Lender on the Riverside Refi Loan. 
d. 
Waterfall Loan 
74. 
On June 6, 2025, FAT Brands and Waterfall Bridge Capital LLC entered into that 
certain promissory note and related loan agreement (the “Waterfall Loan Agreement”) to borrow 
up to $10 million in aggregate principal amount (the “Waterfall Loan”).  The Waterfall Loan bears 
interest at 13.5% per annum and matures as of June 6, 2026.   
Case 26-90126   Document 15   Filed in TXSB on 01/27/26   Page 36 of 58

=== page 37 ===
37 
 
75. 
Pursuant to that certain Pledge Agreement dated June 6, 2025, the Waterfall Loan 
is secured by over eight (8) million shares of Class A Common Stock in Twin Hospitality owned 
by FAT Brands,17 and all proceeds, products, accessions, rents and profits of or in respect of the 
pledged stock.   
76. 
As of the Petition Date, the amount outstanding on the Waterfall Loan is 
$10 million, including outstanding principal and accrued and unpaid interest, fees (including any 
attorneys’ and financial advisors’ fees), costs, expenses, and all other amounts incurred or accrued 
with respect to the foregoing pursuant to, and in accordance with, the Waterfall Loan Agreement.   
3. 
Non-Securitization Unsecured Debt 
a. 
Elevation Note 
77. 
As part of the Debtors’ acquisition of Elevation Burger in June 2019, a portion of 
the purchase price included the issuance to Elevation Franchise Ventures, LLC of a convertible 
subordinated, unsecured promissory note.  Accordingly, on June 19, 2019, FAT Brands issued a 
promissory note with a principal amount of approximately $7,509,816, bearing interest at 6.0% 
per year and maturing on July 19, 2026 (the “Elevation Note”).  The Elevation Note is convertible 
under certain circumstances into shares of the FAT Brands’s common stock at $12 per share.   
78. 
As of the Petition Date, approximately $2 million remains outstanding on the 
Elevation Note, including outstanding principal and accrued and unpaid interest, fees (including 
any attorneys’ and financial advisors’ fees), costs, expenses, and all other amounts incurred or 
accrued with respect to the foregoing pursuant to, and in accordance with, the Elevation Note. 
 
17  The pledged stock was received by FAT Brands from an Exchange Agreement, dated June 4, 2025, pursuant to 
which FAT Brands exchanged assets due to it by Twin Hospitality for additional shares of common stock at 
market value. 
Case 26-90126   Document 15   Filed in TXSB on 01/27/26   Page 37 of 58

=== page 38 ===
38 
 
b. 
Tax Liabilities 
79. 
The Debtors paid a total of approximately $25,610,000 in taxes and fees for the 
calendar year 2024.  The following table provides a summary of the approximate total amounts 
paid by the Debtors in calendar year 2024: 
Category 
Approximate Total Amount 
Paid in 2024 Calendar Year 
Property Taxes 
$110,000 
Sales and Use Taxes 
$24,000,000 
Franchise and Gross Receipts 
Taxes and Income Taxes 
$1,200,000 
Regulatory Assessments and 
Other Miscellaneous Fees 
$300,000 
TOTAL 
$25,610,000 
 
80. 
Certain of the Debtors have failed to timely pay certain taxes and fees that became 
due and owing prior to the Petition Date (collectively, the “Past-Due Taxes”).18  Based on these 
Past-Due Taxes, certain taxing authorities have placed liens against the Debtors.  As of the Petition 
Date, the Past-Due Taxes are asserted against certain Debtors in the amount of approximately 
$5,000,000.  The Debtors are not currently seeking authority to remit any “catch-up” payments, 
late penalties, or similar fees to any taxing authorities on account of the Past-Due Taxes.     
c. 
Other General Unsecured Claims 
81. 
As of the Petition Date, the Debtors estimate approximately $104 million of general 
unsecured claims, which are not entitled to priority payment under the Bankruptcy Code (other 
 
18  The majority of Past Due Taxes are liabilities of legacy entities that sit outside the Debtors’ WBS structure.  
Case 26-90126   Document 15   Filed in TXSB on 01/27/26   Page 38 of 58

=== page 39 ===
39 
 
than intercompany claims and claims of trade creditors described herein).  This number remains 
subject to ongoing review and analysis.   
4. 
Equity Interests 
82. 
As noted earlier in this Declaration, the Debtor entities include two publicly traded 
entities: FAT Brands and Twin Hospitality.  FAT Brands has issued preferred and common stock, 
while Twin Hospitality has issued only common stock.  
a. 
FAT Preferred Stock 
83. 
FAT Brands’s Certificate of Incorporation, as amended and restated, authorizes the 
issuance of up to 15 million shares of preferred stock, of which 11.5 million shares have been 
designated as Series B Cumulative Preferred Stock (the “FAT Preferred Stock”).  The FAT 
Preferred Stock has liquidation and dividend rights superior to the rights of FAT Brands’s common 
stock and trades on the Nasdaq Stock Market under the symbol “FATBP.”  To date, FAT Brands 
has issued an aggregate of 10,430,220 shares of FAT Preferred Stock, a portion of which was 
redeemed.  The cumulative cash dividend for the FAT Preferred Stock is 8.25% based on a $25 
liquidation preference per share and generally payable monthly in arrears when dividends are 
declared.  The FAT Preferred Stock has no voting rights.  As of the Petition Date, 8,608,389 shares 
of FAT Preferred Stock remain issued and outstanding.   
84. 
A portion of the consideration for FAT Brands’s acquisition of GFG on July 22, 
2021, was 3,089,245 newly issued shares of FAT Preferred Stock valued at $67.3 million at the 
time of the acquisition (the “GFG Preferred Stock Consideration”).  In connection therewith, on 
July 22, 2021, the sellers of GFG (the “GFG Sellers”) and FAT Brands entered into a put/call 
agreement, pursuant to which FAT Brands received the option to purchase, and the GFG Sellers 
received the option to require FAT Brands to purchase, the GFG Preferred Stock Consideration 
Case 26-90126   Document 15   Filed in TXSB on 01/27/26   Page 39 of 58

=== page 40 ===
40 
 
for $67.5 million, plus any accrued but unpaid dividends on or before August 20, 2022.  Following 
receipt of a put notice for the GFG Preferred Stock Consideration on March 22, 2022, FAT Brands 
failed to deliver the required cash proceeds to the GFG Sellers by August 20, 2022, resulting in 
such amounts accruing interest at an annual rate of 5.0%.  Since then, FAT Brands entered into 
agreements in 2022 and 2023 with certain of the GFG Sellers who hold claims on account of the 
exercised put option for the GFG Preferred Stock Consideration.  These agreements provide that 
the interest rates with respect to such GFG Sellers’ claims have been increased to a 10% annual 
rate.  The obligations owed to the GFG Sellers on account of the put options exercised with respect 
to the GFG Preferred Stock Consideration, including all unpaid interest and dividends, were 
approximately $67.5 million as of the Petition Date, excluding interest and dividends payable. 
85. 
A portion of the consideration for FAT Brands’s acquisition of Twin Peaks on 
October 1, 2021, included 2,847,393 shares of FAT Preferred Stock valued at $67.5 million at the 
time of the acquisition (the “Twin Peaks Preferred Stock Consideration”).  In connection 
therewith, on October 1, 2021, the sellers of Twin Peaks (the “Twin Peaks Sellers”) and FAT 
Brands entered into a put/call agreement, pursuant to which FAT Brands received the option to 
purchase, and the Twin Peaks Sellers received the option to require FAT Brands to purchase, 
1,821,831 shares of the Twin Peaks Preferred Stock Consideration for $42.5 million, plus any 
accrued but unpaid dividends on or before March 31, 2022 (the “Initial Twin Peaks Preferred 
Stock Consideration”) and the remaining 1,025,562 shares of the Twin Peaks Preferred Stock 
Consideration for $25 million, plus any accrued but unpaid dividends on or before September 30, 
2022 (the “Secondary Twin Peaks Preferred Stock Consideration”).  Following receipt of a put 
notice on the Initial Twin Peaks Preferred Stock Consideration on October 7, 2021, FAT Brands 
Case 26-90126   Document 15   Filed in TXSB on 01/27/26   Page 40 of 58

=== page 41 ===
41 
 
redeemed the Initial Twin Peaks Preferred Stock Consideration (1,821,831 shares) pursuant to an 
exchange transaction on October 21, 2022.   
86. 
As of the Petition Date, 8,608,389 shares of FAT Preferred Stock remain 
outstanding.   
b. 
FAT Common Stock 
87. 
FAT Brands’s Certificate of Incorporation, as amended and restated, authorizes the 
issuance of up to 50 million shares of Class A Common Stock and 1.6 million shares of Class B 
Common Stock.  Shares of FAT Brands’s Class A Common Stock trade on the Nasdaq Stock 
Market under the symbol “FAT” and shares of its Class B Common Stock trade on the Nasdaq 
Stock Market under the symbol “FATBB.”  Warrants to purchase FAT Brands’s Class A Common 
Stock traded on the Nasdaq Stock Market under the symbol “FATBW” from July 2020 until their 
expiration in July 2025.   
88. 
Under its Certificate of Incorporation, FAT Brands’s Class A Common Stock is 
required to receive equal or better economic treatment than FAT Brands’s Class B Common Stock 
in transactions such as distributions, mergers, dissolution, or recapitalization.  However, Class B 
Common Stock practically exercises more control over FAT Brands through increased voting 
rights held by Class B Common Stock—while holders of Class A Common Stock are entitled to 
one vote per share, holders of Class B Common Stock are entitled to 2,000 votes per share.  Any 
dividends that are declared are ratably distributed amongst holders of Class A Common Stock and 
holders of Class B Common Stock.   
89. 
As of the Petition Date, 16,668,520 Class A Common Stock shares remain 
outstanding, 1,270,805 Class B Common Stock shares remain outstanding, and no Class A 
Common Stock warrants remain outstanding.  About 42.1% of the Class A Common Stock and 
Case 26-90126   Document 15   Filed in TXSB on 01/27/26   Page 41 of 58

=== page 42 ===
42 
 
55.7% of the Class B Common Stock are owned by Fog Cutter Holdings LLC (“Fog Cutter”), 
which is the family investment arm of FAT Brands’s founder and Chief Executive Officer.  Fog 
Cutter has significant influence over FAT Brands’s management and affairs and can control 
virtually all matters requiring stockholder approval, including election of directors and significant 
corporate transactions.  As a result, FAT Brands is considered a “controlled company” under the 
corporate governance rules of the Nasdaq Stock Market LLC.   
c. 
Twin Common Stock 
90. 
Twin Hospitality’s Certificate of Incorporation, as amended and restated, 
authorizes the issuance of 100 million shares of Class A Common Stock and 2.87 million shares 
of Class B Common Stock.  Twin Hospitality’s Class A Common Stock is traded under the symbol 
“TWNP” on Nasdaq Global Market.  FAT Brands owns 100% of the Class B Common Stock, 
which is not publicly traded.   
91. 
Class A Common Stock is required to receive equal or better economic treatment 
than Class B Common Stock in transactions such as distributions, mergers, dissolution, or 
recapitalization.  However, while holders of Class A Common Stock receive one vote per share, 
holders of Class B Common Stock receive 50 votes per share, causing holders of Class B Common 
Stock to have greater influence over Twin Hospitality’s decision making.   
92. 
As of the Petition Date, 55,862,854 Twin Hospitality Class A Common Stock 
shares remain outstanding and 2,870,000 Twin Hospitality Class B Common Stock shares remain 
outstanding.   
III. 
EVENTS LEADING TO COMMENCEMENT OF THE CHAPTER 11 CASES 
93. 
The revenues generated by the Debtors’ operating businesses are consistent with 
comparable companies in the Debtors’ industry.  The brands remain popular with customers as 
Case 26-90126   Document 15   Filed in TXSB on 01/27/26   Page 42 of 58

=== page 43 ===
43 
 
same store sales continue to follow industry trends while still generating positive EBITDA.  The 
Debtors’ capital and operating cost structure has, however, become unsustainable.  The 
Management Fees do not cover the operating costs in ordinary industry conditions.  And, in recent 
years, industry conditions have been anything but ordinary due to inflation and persistent economic 
uncertainty prompting low- and middle-income consumers to reduce discretionary spending.  As 
a result of the securitization structure, the Residual Amounts are only available to pay the required 
SG&A expenses to run the Debtors’ businesses after debt service payments.  But the Debtors have 
no excess cash flow available after debt service to support such expenses.  Accordingly, the 
Debtors’ liquidity has been stretched thin trying to make debt service payments and meet ordinary 
operating expenses.  To ensure that the Debtors’ operations continue, and in an effort to maximize 
value, the Managers have been forced to find temporary solutions for the liquidity shortfalls (as 
outlined above) as they attempt to negotiate with the Securitization Noteholders regarding the 
terms of a consensual restructuring.  Because the Debtors have exhausted most of their liquidity, 
they have determined that seeking relief under chapter 11 and continuing their efforts to develop 
a value-maximizing plan while under the protection of the Bankruptcy Code is the best approach 
for the Debtors to maximize value for all stakeholders. 
A. 
External and Internal Challenges  
1. 
Economic Factors  
94. 
The Debtors’ ability to service their debt and invest in their brands depends on 
significant positive cash flow.  Inflationary pressures across various sectors and economic 
uncertainty in the broader economy, however, have impacted the restaurant industry as a whole 
and, to an extent, the Debtors’ operations.   
Case 26-90126   Document 15   Filed in TXSB on 01/27/26   Page 43 of 58

=== page 44 ===
44 
 
95. 
Economic factors have shifted consumer preferences.  The initial shift away from 
in-restaurant dining experiences sparked by the COVID-19 pandemic has had lasting impacts.  
Since then, heightened rates of inflation coupled with stagnating wage growth have made 
consumers increasingly cost-conscious, and dining preferences have begun to shift to more cost-
efficient alternatives.   
96. 
In addition, the Debtors have experienced higher costs and lower margins as a result 
of several factors.  For example, the Debtors’ import of certain products for the Atlanta Factory 
has been subject to tariffs, which increased the Debtors’ cost of producing their cookie dough 
products.  In addition, lasting effects of the COVID-19 pandemic and the ongoing war in Ukraine 
have disrupted supply chains, which has raised the prices for the Debtors’ inputs.  Finally, labor 
costs have increased due to a tight national labor market for food service workers.   
97. 
The Debtors bear the cost of these challenges directly at the Company-Owned 
Restaurants but also indirectly via their franchisees.  Indeed, one key pillar of the Debtors’ business 
model is the opening of additional domestic and international franchisee-owned restaurants at the 
rate contemplated by the Debtors’ business forecasts.  As a result of changes in dining preferences, 
global economic uncertainty, and tariffs that increase the cost for potential franchisees to open a 
new franchise, the rate of such openings has slowed, and the Debtors have not met their 
projections.  In addition, delays in franchisees opening new locations on schedule have materially 
impacted the Debtors’ revenue growth.   
2. 
Ongoing Litigation 
98. 
The Debtors’ liquidity has been further hampered by significant litigation.  Of note, 
in December 2021, the U.S. Attorney’s Office for the Central District of California and the U.S. 
Securities and Exchange Commission (“SEC”) opened investigations into FAT Brands and its 
Case 26-90126   Document 15   Filed in TXSB on 01/27/26   Page 44 of 58

=== page 45 ===
45 
 
Chief Executive Officer and issued a formal document request related thereto.  On May 10, 2024, 
the U.S. Department of Justice indicted FAT Brands (the “DOJ Suit”).19  Concurrently with the 
DOJ Suit, the SEC filed a complaint against FAT Brands (the “SEC Suit”).20  The DOJ Suit was 
dismissed on August 7, 2025, and the Debtors and the SEC have reached an agreement in principle 
to resolve the SEC Suit, which remains subject to approval by the SEC commissioners.  The 
Debtors incurred significant costs in defending both such suits.   
99. 
The Debtors have also faced ongoing civil suits, including multiple class action 
lawsuits and derivative suits in the Delaware Court of Chancery.  On December 17, 2025, the 
Delaware Chancery Court approved a settlement in certain derivative suits.  However, the Debtors 
still anticipate ongoing litigation in other matters.  As a result of these lawsuits and other legal 
disputes, the Debtors have incurred close to $85.5 million in legal costs since 2021. 
3. 
Capital Structure Overhang 
100. 
The foregoing challenges have been severely amplified by the WBS. 
a. 
WBS Is Starving the Business  
101. 
The Debtors require both the funds received from the Management Fees and excess 
cash flow in the WBS waterfall to run their businesses, but excess cash flow has become non-
existent.  As described above, the Base Indentures require significant principal and interest 
payments, all of which must be satisfied before the Debtors can generate sufficient excess cash 
flow necessary to pay their operating expenses in full with the Residual Amounts (which are not 
 
19  The indictment in the DOJ Suit alleged two violations of Section 402 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act for directly and 
indirectly extending and/or arranging for the extension of credit in 2019 and 2020 to company personnel, 
including FAT Brands’s Chief Executive Officer. 
20  The complaint in the SEC Suit alleged violations of the Securities Act and the Securities Exchange Act for failing 
to disclose certain related party transactions and the salaries of certain company personnel, failing to maintain 
proper books and records and internal accounting controls, making false or misleading statements regarding FAT 
Brands’s liquidity and use of proceeds from certain transactions, and directly or indirectly extending credit to its 
Chief Executive Officer in the form of a personal loan. 
Case 26-90126   Document 15   Filed in TXSB on 01/27/26   Page 45 of 58

=== page 46 ===
46 
 
available).  Starting in 2023, as a result of penalties related to the Debtors’ failure to pay the 
Securitization Notes by the applicable anticipated call dates, the Debtors were charged penalty 
interest in the amount of 1.0% on the outstanding principal amount of the applicable Securitization 
Notes in addition to significant penalty amortization payments, including a 2.0% amortization on 
the Royalty Notes, the GFG Notes, and the Fazoli’s Notes.  The Twin Notes also experienced 
additional penalties including (i) 2.0% incremental base interest on the Twin Class A-2 Notes and 
1.0% incremental base interest on the Twin Class B-2 Notes and the Twin Class M-2 Notes, 
(ii) 2.75% amortization on the Twin Class A-2 Notes and 2.0% amortization on the Twin  
Class B-2 Notes, and (iii) 3.0% penalty interest on the Twin Class A-2 Notes and 2.0% penalty 
interest on the Twin Class B-2 Notes, due to not completing a qualified equity offering by April 30, 
2025.  The Debtors have paid over $72 million in penalty interest and penalty amortization 
payments under the Securitization Notes since the end of 2022.    
102. 
In part because of the significant increase in debt service obligations, the Debtors 
no longer have the necessary cash flow to run their businesses.  With limited to no excess cash 
flow after debt service, the Residual Amounts flowing through the Payment Waterfalls are no 
longer available and the Management Fees represent only a small portion of the overall operating 
costs and provide relatively low coverage relative to similar companies.  As shown in the below 
chart, comparable whole-business securitization structures are structured to fully cover selling, 
general, and administrative expenses (“SG&A Expenses”).  The WBS, on the other hand, leaves 
80% of the Debtors’ SG&A Expenses uncovered.   
Case 26-90126   Document 15   Filed in TXSB on 01/27/26   Page 46 of 58

=== page 47 ===
47 
 
 
103. 
To address this deficit, the Debtors have had no choice but to look to non-
securitization debt, underspent advertising costs,21 common and preferred equity raises, and the 
sale of additional Securitization Notes that had been retained or purchased by the Debtors.22  
However, the Debtors have exhausted their ability to incur additional debt or raise equity, and the 
Securitization Notes retained by the Debtors are no longer a source of liquidity because the 
Trustees froze the Debtors’ ability to sell such notes.  Put simply, complying with the WBS 
structure at this juncture would render the Debtors unable to pay their operating expenses.   
b. 
Debtors Resorted to Self Help 
104. 
With no other sources of liquidity to turn to, the Debtors were required to use the 
Retained Collections to meet the Debtors’ business and operating expenses, including to fund 
payroll, consulting and legal fees, restructuring and advisory costs, and certain debt service 
obligations to mitigate business disruption and continue operations.  Such actions, which the 
 
21  For example, the Debtors used approximately $8.6 million in underspent advertising costs as an additional source 
of liquidity.   
22  Certain of the contributions by the FAT Manager to cover operating expenses of the Securitization Entities qualify 
as “Manager Advances” that are entitled to priority reimbursement under the applicable Base Indentures.  
Case 26-90126   Document 15   Filed in TXSB on 01/27/26   Page 47 of 58

=== page 48 ===
48 
 
Debtors disclosed in their public filings (in addition to certain other events that are described 
below), have resulted in events of default and manager termination events under the Securitization 
Notes that would permit the holders of the Securitization Notes to exercise a suite of remedies. 
105. 
The Debtors have, accordingly, received multiple notices and letters from the 
Trustees and the WBS Ad Hoc Group since August 2025.  These notices have declared events of 
default, manager termination events that give the Securitization Noteholders the right to remove 
the Managers, rapid amortization events, and immediate acceleration of all outstanding principal 
and accrued interest under the Securitization Notes as a result of the Debtors’ failure to retain 
required collections and other events of default.  However, as of the Petition Date, no remedies 
have been pursued by the Securitization Noteholders, and no manager terminations have occurred. 
106. 
While these actions enabled the continued preservation of the Debtors’ businesses, 
the Debtors’ liquidity is very constrained.  As of the end of day on January 23, 2026, the Debtors 
had approximately $2.1 million of unrestricted cash on hand and approximately $19.9 million of 
cash held in restricted accounts not under the Debtors’ control.   
107. 
The Debtors are, thus, unable to continue operating their business in its current state 
or even think about investing in their brands and growing their franchises to generate cash to repay 
the Securitization Notes.  The Debtors’ capital structure is no longer sustainable.   
B. 
Prepetition Restructuring Efforts 
108. 
Against that backdrop, the Debtors have spent substantial time and resources 
exploring options to right size their capital structure and maintain the strength of their brands.  
Over the past two years, the Debtors have attempted to work with various members of the WBS 
Ad Hoc Group to restructure their outstanding obligations.  For example, over the course of 2024, 
the Debtors negotiated with certain members of the WBS Ad Hoc Group the refinancing of the 
Case 26-90126   Document 15   Filed in TXSB on 01/27/26   Page 48 of 58

=== page 49 ===
49 
 
then-existing WBS for the Twin Peaks and Smokey Bones restaurants, culminating in the issuance 
of the Twin Notes in connection with the planned listing of Twin Hospitality as a standalone public 
company.  In the first quarter of 2025, the Debtors also worked with members of the WBS Ad Hoc 
Group to amend the Fazoli’s Base Indenture to extend the anticipated repayment date for the 
Fazoli’s Class A-2 Notes to July 2026 and relax certain financial covenants in exchange for more 
demanding interest payments on notes that are not timely repaid.   
109. 
After the Debtors completed the issuance of the Twin Notes, the Debtors attempted 
to utilize the equity of Twin Hospitality to raise liquidity and reduce their funded debt obligations.  
Specifically, on September 24, 2025, Twin Hospitality filed a Form 1-A for a $75 million equity 
offering.  However, because of the government shutdown and depreciation in the value of Twin 
Hospitality stock, such an equity raise was not a viable solution to raise meaningful capital.  
Additionally, the Debtors generally tried to cut spending by halting common equity dividends, 
accruing preferred dividends, stopping cash interest payments on preferred equity put agreements, 
reducing personnel headcounts, and reducing certain corporate overhead spending.   
110. 
The Debtors also sought to improve their financial position through organic growth 
in new business lines.   
111. 
Finally, the Debtors have used a series of financings to bolster liquidity.  These 
unsecured financings were backed by Twin Hospitality- and FAT Brands-held retained notes.  But 
these additional financing sources have run their course, and the Debtors need additional liquidity 
to operate their businesses and preserve value.   
C. 
Discussions with the Securitization Noteholders and Acceleration Notices 
112. 
Since summer 2025, the Debtors have had discussions with the WBS Ad Hoc 
Group regarding one or more potential transactions to address the Debtors’ liquidity and capital 
Case 26-90126   Document 15   Filed in TXSB on 01/27/26   Page 49 of 58

=== page 50 ===
50 
 
structure challenges.  By Fall 2025, the parties were focused on reaching an agreement on a 
forbearance construct that would give the Debtors time to raise equity to reduce their debt 
obligations.  These discussions, however, did not result in an agreement.   
113. 
The parties resumed discussions in the weeks leading up to the Petition Date.  In 
late 2025, the Debtors also began engaging in discussions with counsel to the Resid Noteholders.  
Ultimately, however, the Debtors were unable to reach an agreement regarding a potential 
restructuring ahead of the chapter 11 filing.   
114. 
From these discussions, it became clear that an out-of-court restructuring was not 
feasible because a restructuring to make the capital structure sustainable would likely require 
unanimous creditor approval.  In addition, the WBS Ad Hoc Group indicated that, absent a 
chapter 11 filing, it would direct (i) the issuance of a notice of foreclosure on the collateral securing 
the Securitization Notes, (ii) the termination of the Managers, and (iii) the exercise of control over 
the Debtors’ deposit accounts.  Accordingly, the Debtors have determined that filing chapter 11 is 
the best path forward for the Debtors to achieve a comprehensive and value-maximizing solution 
for their capital structure.   
115. 
Prior to commencing the Chapter 11 Cases, the Debtors (together with the 
Advisors) ran a preliminary marketing process in search of financing.  GLC initially solicited 
proposals for priming, junior, or unsecured postpetition financing from over twenty-seven (27) 
potential lenders.  Of those potential lenders, eight (8) are under non-disclosure agreement and in 
the process of analyzing diligence.  To date, the Debtors have not received any actionable financing 
proposals.  The Debtors received a debtor-in-possession proposal from the WBS Ad Hoc Group 
but, after review and discussion with the Advisors, the Debtors, in their business judgment, 
Case 26-90126   Document 15   Filed in TXSB on 01/27/26   Page 50 of 58

=== page 51 ===
51 
 
determined that the proposal and related restructuring terms were not actionable.  The Debtors and 
their advisors intend to continue the process postpetition on an expedited timeline. 
116. 
As such, the Debtors must rely on cash collateral and future cash receipts in the 
initial phase of the Chapter 11 Cases; in fact, the Debtors’ proposed cash collateral budget only 
contemplates four (4) weeks of cash collateral use.  The Debtors intend to use this initial period 
wisely and expeditiously, aware that the liquidity runway is limited and that the Debtors are cash 
constrained.  Although the Debtors are entering the Chapter 11 Cases without an agreed path 
forward, the Debtors intend to continue engaging with the WBS Ad Hoc Group and other key 
stakeholders, as appropriate, through formal mediation on an expedited timeline from the very 
outset of the Chapter 11 Cases.  As part of the mediation and on a contemporaneous timeline, the 
Debtors will continue to seek financing from all parties (including the WBS Ad Hoc Group) for 
the Chapter 11 Cases given that the cash collateral budget only contemplates four (4) weeks of use 
and the Debtors cannot continue to operate in chapter 11 without additional liquidity.  The Debtors 
encourage the WBS Ad Hoc Group to engage with the Debtors through consensual mediation 
quickly following the first day hearing.  Accordingly, the Debtors’ boards of directors voted to 
approve the filing of the Chapter 11 Cases.   
IV. 
FIRST-DAY PLEADINGS 
117. 
In furtherance of their objective of preserving value for all stakeholders, the Debtors 
have filed the following First Day Pleadings and proposed orders contemporaneously herewith 
and have therein requested that the Court consider entering the proposed orders granting the relief 
sought in First Day Pleadings.  For the avoidance of doubt, as to those First Day Pleadings that 
seek authorization to pay prepetition obligations, the Debtors seek authority, but not direction, to 
pay amounts or satisfy obligations that are the subject of the First Day Pleadings.  The facts set 
Case 26-90126   Document 15   Filed in TXSB on 01/27/26   Page 51 of 58

=== page 52 ===
52 
 
forth in each of the First Day Pleadings are incorporated herein in their entirety.  The First Day 
Pleadings include: 
A. 
Administrative and Procedural Pleadings 
(i) 
Emergency Motion of Debtors for Entry of an Order Directing Joint 
Administration of Chapter 11 Cases  
(ii) 
Emergency Motion of Debtors for Entry of an Order (I) Authorizing the 
Debtors to File a Consolidated Creditor Matrix and List of the 30 Largest 
Unsecured Creditors; (II) Waiving the Requirement to File a List of Equity 
Security Holders; (III) Authorizing the Debtors to Redact Certain 
Personally Identifiable Information; (IV) Approving the Form and Manner 
of Notice of Commencement; and (V) Granting Related Relief 
(iii) 
Emergency Ex Parte Application of Debtors for Entry of an Order 
Authorizing the Employment and Retention of Omni Agent Solutions, Inc. 
as Claims, Noticing, and Solicitation Agent  
(iv) 
Emergency 
Motion 
of 
Debtors 
for 
Entry 
of 
an 
Order  
(I) Extending the Time to File Schedules of Assets and Liabilities, Schedules 
of Executory Contracts and Unexpired Leases, Statements of Financial 
Affairs, and 2015.3 Reports; (II) Modifying the Requirements of Bankruptcy 
Local Rule 2015-3; and (III) Granting Related Relief 
(v) 
Notice of Designation as Complex Bankruptcy Case 
(vi) 
Notice of Emergency Virtual Hearing on First Day Motions 
B. 
Operational Motions 
(i) 
Emergency Motion of Debtors for Entry of Interim and Final Orders 
(I) Authorizing Debtors to (A) Continue Existing Cash Management System, 
(B) Maintain Existing Business Forms and Intercompany Arrangements, 
and (C) Continue Intercompany Transactions; and (II) Granting Related 
Relief 
(ii) 
Emergency Motion of Debtors for Entry of Interim and Final Orders 
(I) Authorizing the Debtors to Pay Certain Prepetition Claims of Essential 
Creditors; (II) Confirming Administrative Expense Priority of Undisputed 
and Outstanding Prepetition Orders; (III) Authorizing Financial 
Institutions to Honor and Process Related Checks and Transfers; and 
(IV) Granting Related Relief 
(iii) 
Emergency 
Motion 
of 
Debtors 
for 
Entry 
of 
an 
Order  
(I) Authorizing the Debtors to (A) Continue Insurance Programs, Including 
Maintenance of Insurance Policies, Letters of Credit, Premium Financing 
Case 26-90126   Document 15   Filed in TXSB on 01/27/26   Page 52 of 58

=== page 53 ===
53 
 
Agreements, and Bonding Program, and (B) Pay All Obligations with 
Respect 
Thereto; 
and  
(II) Granting Related Relief  
(iv) 
Emergency Motion of Debtors for Entry of an Order (I) Authorizing 
Debtors to Pay Certain Prepetition Taxes and Fees and (II) Granting 
Related Relief 
(v) 
Emergency Motion of Debtors for Entry of an Order (I) Approving Debtors’ 
Proposed Form of Adequate Assurance of Payment to Utility Providers; 
(II) Establishing Procedures for Resolving Requests for Additional 
Adequate Assurance; (III) Prohibiting Utility Providers from Altering, 
Refusing, or Discontinuing Service; and (IV) Granting Related Relief 
(vi) 
Emergency 
Motion 
of 
Debtors 
for 
Entry 
of 
an 
Order  
(I) Authorizing Debtors to (A) Honor Their Prepetition Obligations to 
Customers, and (B) Continue Their Customer and Franchisee Programs; 
and (II) Granting Related Relief 
(vii) 
Emergency Motion of Debtors for Entry of an Order (I) Authorizing 
Debtors to (A) Pay Prepetition Wages, Salaries, Employee Benefits, and 
Other Compensation, and (B) Maintain Employee Benefits Programs and 
Pay Related Obligations; and (II) Granting Related Relief 
C. 
Financing Motion 
(i) 
Emergency Motion of Debtors for Entry of Interim and Final Orders 
(I) Authorizing Debtors to Use Cash Collateral; (II) Granting Adequate 
Protection for the Use of Cash Collateral; (III) Scheduling a Final Hearing; 
and (IV) Granting Related Relief 
118. 
I have reviewed each of the First Day Pleadings, proposed orders, and exhibits 
thereto, or have otherwise had their contents explained to me, and the facts set forth therein are 
true and correct to the best of my knowledge, information, and belief.  Moreover, I believe that the 
relief sought in each of the First Day Pleadings:  (i) is vital to enabling the Debtors to make the 
transition to, and operate in, chapter 11 with minimal employee attrition and disruption to their 
enterprise, and without loss of productivity or value; (ii) is necessary to preserve valuable 
relationships with creditors; and (iii) constitutes a critical element in the Debtors’ ability to 
Case 26-90126   Document 15   Filed in TXSB on 01/27/26   Page 53 of 58

=== page 54 ===
54 
 
successfully maximize value for the benefit of their estates and a prudent exercise of the Debtors’ 
business judgment. 
CONCLUSION 
119. 
The above describes the Debtors’ operations and capital structure, the factors that 
precipitated the commencement of the Chapter 11 Cases, and the critical need for the Debtors to 
obtain the relief set forth in the First Day Pleadings.  These Chapter 11 Cases will allow the Debtors 
to achieve their reorganization goals and emerge with a stable and healthier balance sheet.  With 
significant deleveraging, the Debtors will be better positioned to reach a consensus on a value-
maximizing framework in the near term and maximize value for all stakeholders. 
Case 26-90126   Document 15   Filed in TXSB on 01/27/26   Page 54 of 58

=== page 55 ===
 
 
Pursuant to 28 U.S.C. § 1746, I declare under penalty of perjury that the foregoing is true 
and correct. 
Dated: January 27, 2026 
 
Chicago, Illinois 
/s/ John C. DiDonato  
 
Name: John C. DiDonato 
Title: Chief Restructuring Officer
Case 26-90126   Document 15   Filed in TXSB on 01/27/26   Page 55 of 58

=== page 56 ===
 
 
CERTIFICATE OF SERVICE 
 
I certify that on January 27, 2026, a true and correct copy of the foregoing document was 
served by the Electronic Case Filing System for the United States Bankruptcy Court for the 
Southern District of Texas on those parties registered to receive electronic notices. 
 
/s/ Timothy A. (“Tad”) Davidson II                     
 
Timothy A. (“Tad”) Davidson II  
Case 26-90126   Document 15   Filed in TXSB on 01/27/26   Page 56 of 58

=== page 57 ===
 
 
Exhibit A 
Organizational Chart 
 
Case 26-90126   Document 15   Filed in TXSB on 01/27/26   Page 57 of 58

=== page 58 ===
FAT Brands Inc.
#1000
FAT Brands Royalty I, 
LLC
#2000
Buffalo’s Franchise 
Concepts Inc.
#2010
Ponderosa 
Franchising 
Company LLC
#2020
Ponderosa 
International 
Development, Inc.
#2022
Puerto Rico 
Ponderosa Inc.
#2023
Hurricane AMT, LLC
#2030
EB Franchises, LLC
#2040
Johnny Rockets 
Licensing Canada, 
LLC
#2050
Fatburger North 
America, Inc.
#2051
Bonanza Restaurant 
Company LLC
#2060
Yalla Mediterranean  
Franchising 
Company, LLC
#2070
Johnny Rockets 
Licensing, LLC
#2080
FAT Virtual 
Restaurants LLC
#2090
Yalla Acquisition LLC
#2511
Fog Cutter 
Acquisition LLC
#2512
Fog Cap Acceptance 
Inc
#2513
Homestyle Dining 
LLC
#2514
Fog Cap 
Development LLC
#2515
BC Canyon LLC
#2516
FAT Brands 
Management, LLC
#2517
Johnny Rockets 
Holding Company
#2500
The Johnny Rockets 
Group, Inc.
#2510
GFG Management 
LLC
#2518
Round Table 
Development 
Company
#2519
Round Table Pizza 
Nevada, LLC
#2520
HDOS Acquisition, 
LLC
#2521
Global Franchise 
Group, LLC
#2522
FAT Brands GFG 
Royalty I, LLC
#3000
HDOS Franchise 
Brands, LLC
#3010
HDOS Franchising, 
LLC
#3011
HDOS Showcase, LLC
#3013
HDOS Brand and 
Marketing Fund, LLC
#3012
Marble Slab 
Franchise Brands, 
LLC
#3020
Marble Slab 
Franchising, LLC 
#3021
MSC Corporate 
Holdings, LLC
#3023
Marble Slab Brand 
and Marketing Fund 
LLC
#3022
AFB Dissolution LLC
Dormant
GAC Franchise 
Brands, LLC
#3034
GAC Franchising, LLC
#3030
GAC Corporate 
Holdings, LLC
#3031
GAC Brand and 
Marketing Fund, LLC
#3032
GAC Manufacturing, 
LLC
#3033
PM Franchise 
Brands, LLC
#3040
PM Corporate 
Holdings, LLC
#3041
PM Franchising, LLC
#3042
PM Brand and 
Marketing Fund, LLC
#3043
GAC Supply, LLC
#3050
PT Franchise Brands, 
LLC
#3060
PT Franchising, LLC
#3061
PT Brand and 
Marketing Fund, LLC
#3062
Round Table Pizza, 
Inc.
#3070
Round Table 
Advertising LLC
N/A
Round Table 
Franchise 
Corporation
#3072
Twin Hospitality I, 
LLC
#4000
Twin Peaks Buyer, 
LLC
#4010
Twin Restaurant 
Holding, LLC
#4011
FAT Brands Fazoli’s 
Native I, LLC
#5000
Native Grill and 
Wings Franchising, 
LLC
#5020
Fazoli’s Holdings, LLC
#5005
Fazoli’s Group, Inc.
#5010
Fazoli’s Restaurant 
Group, Inc.
#5011
Fazoli’s Promotions, 
Inc.
#5014
Fazoli’s Joint 
Venture, Ltd.
#5012
Twin Restaurant RE, 
LLC (TX)
Twin Restaurant IP, 
LLC (DE)
#4013
Twin Restaurant 
Development, LLC 
(TX)
#4014
Twin Restaurant JV 
Holding, LLC (DE)
#4079
Twin Restaurant 
New Mexico, LLC 
(DE)
#4044
Twin Restaurant, LLC 
(DE)
#4051
Twin Restaurant 
Investment 
Company, LLC (TX)
#4015
Twin Restaurant 
Viva Las Vegas, LLC 
(TX)
#4026
Twin Restaurant 
Investment Company 
II, LLC (TX)
Twin Restaurant 
Franchise, LLC (DE)
#4045
Twin Restaurant El 
Paso, LLC (TX)
#4029
Twin Restaurant El 
Paso Beverage 
Holding, LLC (TX)
#4030
Twin Restaurant 
Westover, LLC (TX)
#4031
Twin Restaurant 
Westover Beverage 
Holding, LLC (TX)
#4032
Twin Restaurant 
Sunland Park, LLC 
(TX)
#4033
Twin Restaurant 
Sunland Park 
Beverage Holding, 
LLC (TX)
#4034
Twin Restaurant S 
Fort Worth, LLC (TX)
#4038
Twin Restaurant S 
Fort Worth Beverage 
Holding, LLC (TX)
#4039
Twin Restaurant LV-
2 LLC (NV)
#4041
Twin Restaurant 
Park North, LLC (TX)
#4035
Twin Restaurant 
Park North 
Management, LLC 
(TX)
#4036
Twin Restaurant 
Park North Beverage 
Holding, LLC (TX)
#4037
Twin Restaurant 
Little Rock, LLC (AR)
#4042
Twin Restaurant 
Oakbrook, LLC (IL)
#4043
TP Franchise Venture 
I, LLC (TX)
#4047
Twin Restaurant 
Warrenville, LLC (IL)
#4040
Twin Restaurant 
International 
Franchise, LLC (TX)
#4046
Round Table 
Advertising Fund (C 
Corp)
#3071
FB Resid Holdings I, 
LLC
#6000
WBS FB 2023 
Holdings LLC
#6001
#
Barbeque 
Integrated, Inc. (DE)
Smokey Bones 
(Florida), LLC (DE)
#
GMR of 
Pennsylvania-SB 
Properties, LLC (DE)
#
Integrated Card 
Solutions, LLC (VA)
#
FAT GFG Notes I, LLC
#6002
Twin Hospitality 
Group Inc.
#4999
FAT Royalty Notes I 
LLC
#6003
FB SAMO Sepulveda, 
LLC
#2053
Twin Restaurant 
Sarasota RE, LLC (DE)
Twin Restaurant Live 
Oak RE, LLC (TX)
Twin Restaurant 
McKinney RE, LLC 
(DE)
Twin Restaurant 
Terrell RE, LLC (DE)
Twin Restaurant N 
Irving, LLC (TX)
Twin Restaurant N 
Irving Beverage 
Holding, LLC (TX)
Twin Restaurant San 
Antonio, LLC (TX)
Twin Restaurant San 
Antonio Beverage 
Holding, LLC (TX)
Twin Restaurant 
Western Center, LLC 
(TX)
Twin Restaurant 
Western Center 
Beverage Holding, 
LLC (TX)
Twin Restaurant 
Odessa, LLC (TX)
Twin Restaurant 
Odessa Beverage 
Holding, LLC (TX)
Twin Restaurant 
Denver, LLC (TX)
Twin Restaurant 
Centennial, LLC (CO)
Twin Restaurant 
Denver, LLC (CO)
Twin Restaurant 
Broomfield, LLC (CO)
Twin Restaurant 
Lewisville, LLC (TX)
Twin Restaurant 
Beverage Holding, 
LLC (DE)
Twin Restaurant 
Beverage – Texas,  
LLC (TX)
Twin Restaurant San 
Marcos, LLC (TX)
Twin Restaurant San 
Marcos 
Management, LLC 
(TX)
Twin Restaurant 
Midland, LLC (TX)
Twin Restaurant 
Midland Beverage 
Holding, LLC (TX)
Twin Restaurant 
Frisco, LLC (TX)
Twin Restaurant Live 
Oak, LLC (TX)
Twin Restaurant Live 
Oak Management, 
LLC (TX)
Twin Restaurant San 
Marcos Beverage 
Holding, LLC (TX)
Twin Restaurant Live 
Oak Beverage 
Holding, LLC (TX)
Twin Restaurant San 
Angelo, LLC (TX)
Twin Restaurant 
Amarillo, LLC (TX)
Twin Restaurant 
Lakeland, LLC (DE)
Twin Restaurant 
Brandon, LLC (DE)
Twin Restaurant 
McKinney, LLC (DE)
Twin Restaurant 
McKinney Beverage 
Holding, LLC (DE)
Twin Restaurant 
Terrell, LLC (DE)
Twin Restaurant 
Sarasota, LLC (DE)
TPJV2, LLC (DE)
#4081
Twin Restaurant JV 
Management, LLC 
(DE)
#4082
TP GA, LLC (GA)
Twin Restaurant 
Virginia Beach, LLC 
(DE)
Twin Restaurant 
Plano RE, LLC (DE)
Twin Restaurant 
Northlake RE, LLC 
(DE)
Twin Restaurant 
Newport News, LLC 
(DE)
Twin Restaurant 
Kissimmee, LLC (DE)
Twin Restaurant 
Citrus Park, LLC (DE)
Twin Restaurant 
Chesapeake, LLC (DE)
Twin Restaurant 
Tyngsboro, LLC (DE)
TP Franchise Austin, 
LLC (TX)
#4049
TP Franchise Round 
Rock, LLC (TX)
#4050
TP Texas Restaurant 
Services, LLC (TX)
TP Texas Beverages, 
LLC (TX)
LS GFG Holdings Inc.
GFG Holding, Inc.
GFG Intermediate 
Holding, Inc.
TP Texas Beverage 
Services, LLC (TX)
Mini-Bake by GAC 
LLC
Fazoli’s Franchising 
Systems, LLC
#5016
Fazoli’s Franchising 
Systems Canada, LLC
#5017
Seeds of Compassion 
Fund, Inc.
#5018
Fazoli’s Systems 
Management, LLC
#5015
FAT Brands Inc.
Legal Entity Chart
January 2026
Legend
Twin Restaurant Live 
Oak, LLC (TX)
Twin Restaurant San 
Angelo, LLC (TX)
Twin Restaurant San 
Angelo 
Management. LLC 
(TX)
Twin Restaurant San 
Angelo 
Management, LLC 
(TX)
Twin Restaurant San 
Angelo Beverage 
Holding, LLC (TX)
Twin Restaurant San 
Angelo Beverage 
Holding, LLC (TX)
Twin Restaurant 
Amarillo, LLC (TX)
Twin Restaurant 
Amarillo 
Management, LLC 
(TX)
Twin Restaurant 
Amarillo 
Management, LLC 
(TX)
Twin Restaurant 
Amarillo Beverage 
Holding, LLC (TX)
Twin Restaurant 
Amarillo Beverage 
Holding, LLC (TX)
Twin Restaurant 
Burleson, LLC (TX)
Twin Restaurant 
Burleson 
Management, LLC 
(TX)
Twin Restaurant 
Burleson Beverage 
Holding, LLC (TX)
Twin Restaurant 
Burleson Beverage 
Holding, LLC (TX)
Twin Restaurant 
Grand Prairie, LLC 
(TX)
Twin Restaurant 
Grand Prairie 
Management, LLC 
(TX)
Twin Restaurant 
Grand Prairie 
Management, LLC 
(TX)
Twin Restaurant 
Grand Prairie 
Beverage Holding, 
LLC (TX)
Twin Restaurant 
Grand Prairie 
Beverage Holding, 
LLC (TX)
Twin Restaurant 
Plano, LLC (TX)
Twin Restaurant 
Plano, LLC (TX)
Twin Restaurant 
Lakeland, LLC (DE)
Twin Restaurant 
Brandon, LLC (DE)
Twin Restaurant FL 
Payroll, LLC (DE)
Twin Restaurant 
Terrell, Beverage 
Holding, LLC (DE)
Twin Restaurant 
Terrell Beverage 
Holding, LLC (DE)
Twin Restaurant 
Sarasota, LLC (DE)
Twin Restaurant 
Northlake, LLC (TX)
Twin Restaurant 
Northlake Beverage 
Holding, LLC (TX)
Twin Restaurant 
Northlake Beverage 
Holding, LLC (TX)
Twin Restaurant 
Plano Beverage 
Holding, LLC (TX)
Twin Restaurant 
Plano Beverage 
Holding, LLC (TX)
1% (GP)
85.5%
Debt 
Instrument
Royalty 
Securitization 
Notes
GFG 
Securitization 
Notes
Fazoli’s 
Securitization 
Notes
Resid 
Securitization 
Notes
Twin 
Securitization 
Notes
Equipment 
Loans
Percent 
Promissory 
Notes
Waterfall Loan
Elevation Note
Borrower / Issuer
Guarantor
N/A
N/A
#4028
99% (LP)
14.5%
Issuer of Public Equity
MaggieMoo’s 
Franchise Brands, 
LLC
MaggieMoo’s Brand 
and Marketing Fund, 
LLC
MaggieMoo’s 
Franchising, LLC
Mini Bake by Great 
American Cookies, 
LLC
Case 26-90126   Document 15   Filed in TXSB on 01/27/26   Page 58 of 58

